



Stars and lightning hold - pennstift - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Stars and lightning (hold me tightly)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9409181.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - High School, they take their time wow ok, Park Jimin Is a Sweetheart, yoongi is kind of an ass, but he actually a reeaaaal softy, because isnt soft yoongi just the most adorable thing, also tae is kind of a dick sometimes, im sorry tae, Slow Burn, jimin just wants everyone to be happy, Heavy Angst, everyone is sad
Stats:

        Published: 2017-01-22
          Completed: 2017-08-13
          Chapters: 20/20
        Words: 89791
      

Stars and lightning (hold me tightly)
by pennstift
Summary
Jimin doesn't sleep enough and cares too much about what people think about him.Yoongi is troubled and doesn't know how to vent his problems without causing harm to people around him or himself.They meet in detention.




chemistry sucks
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin wasn’t sure why he stayed up so late at night, but it had become a habit so he didn’t try to get better. Maybe he stayed awake because it doesn’t really matter what you do, you have no requirements or demands. If you wanted, you could stare at a wall for several hours and no one would care or even know, it wouldn’t matter. Or maybe he sat up for several hours doing nothing in particular because he simply felt more alive and clear headed at that time. In the daytime he always felt tired (that could just be the consequence of going to sleep at five, on school nights) and sluggish, like he couldn’t think straight. Jimin thought of sleep as a waste of time, really. There’s just so many hours in the day and why would he want to waste eight of them just lying in bed?
 
His parents didn’t know, of course. He told them good night at eleven and then hid in his room, quiet as a mouse. It didn’t bother him now as much as it had in the beginning, he even found himself looking forward to being alone with only his thoughts or computer to entertain him. Jimin enjoyed being alone, but he also longed for being surrounded by people who loved him. He had grown up in a good neighborhood and his family was happy and he was in general living a pretty damn good life. He tried to not take it for granted, but being human that didn’t always hold up. There were days where he wanted to disappear, run away and live a fun, spontaneous life. He quickly realized though, that he would not survive a day. It wasn’t like he didn’t have any street skills and he wasn’t really socially awkward, he was just… Shy. And he cared way too much about what other people thought. Although running away sounded glorious and like one big amazing adventure, he knew he wouldn’t get far and quickly batted the thought out of his head.

Jimin glanced at the clock who told him it was past three. He quietly closed his laptop (the habit of doing everything without a sound hadn’t left him for the two years he had had this habit of staying up late) and hid his face in his hands, now completely surrounded by darkness. It was one of those nights. Those kinds of nights where your mind is searching through every corner of your being, turning every stone to find that unhappy thought, whatever it might be.

Jimin just let it happen. He let his mind wander to the darkest places, he turned himself inside out with it. He let it tear down his walls, rip up his floor and crash his ceiling, only touching the bad stuff. The good memories he left to dust somewhere in the back of his mind– right now it wasn’t their turn. He just let the gray and gut wrenching ones roam his thoughts and let them be in charge of his breathing, blinking, everything. They travelled places he had stopped them from going to for what felt like several years, although in reality it probably hadn’t even been a week. They brought up his bad habits, all the things he’s tried but dropped because his patience always betrayed him, the people he’s left and the ones who’s left him.

The thought of his mother made his heart sink and left a sour taste in his mouth. Although he was sure he was a good son and his mother was fine and sleeping downstairs, he always got a feeling of guilt when he saw her. It didn’t make sense and Jimin was sure he was being overly sensitive, which he hated, but seeing how it was one of those nights, he just stopped questioning and left his mind to itself knowing it would feel better in the morning.


It didn’t. It never did. The next morning he felt like a mess but then again, he barely got any sleep. Half an hour of restless slumbering until he was forced out of bed by his mother. She was sick of him always being late to school and as a result she drove him to school every morning, much earlier than needed. School started 8.30 and he got there at a quarter passed seven every single day. He just waved to her as she drove away, immediately slouching his posture when she couldn’t see him anymore. His eyes stung every time he blinked and he couldn’t wait to get inside so he could sit down and maybe get to close his eyes if even for five minutes. He found safety in the library where he just slid down into an armchair, resting his chin against the back of his palm and closed his eyes hoping for just a second
 
He got a lot more than just a second. He woke up at nine when students started streaming in and he bolted out of there as quickly as he could. He interrupted a walkthrough as he tried sneaking into the classroom. Of course, he couldn’t sneak because his teacher wasn’t blind and to get to his desk he had to actually pass by the teacher.

”Park Jimin, you’re late. Again.” The voice was stern and eyes pierced through him. Jimin just rubbed his neck and bowed slightly to the elder man.

”I’m sorry Mr. Kim.” A quiet puff could be heard but Jimin just slid into his desk trying to ignore the eyes of his friend burning in his back.

Taehyung poked his pen into Jimin’s back. The elder turned around and raised his eyebrow at his friend. ”Where were you? Did you fall asleep again?”

”Yeah, in the library.”

His friend rolled his eyes, sighing. ”Why do you even bother coming so early if you’re just going to be late to class?"
 
Jimin wanted to sigh but held it back and instead tried smiling at his friend, only getting a questioning look back. ”You know I’m not the one choosing to come early.”

”Yeah, it’s your mom’s fault. As usual.” Taehyung puffed and got back to work, writing away on the paper the class had gotten assigned.
 
Jimin felt his stomach sinking but ignored it. Taehyung was always like this in the morning and Jimin just had to bear with it. He tried writing some answers to the actually simple questions but found his brain didn’t want to think and so he just pretended to do work for another hour before class was over. The familiar sound of the bell made Jimin sigh in relief and the class quickly gathered their stuff and left the room.

”What did you write on the third question? I got stuck.” Jungkook shoved all his stuff into his backpack as they walked, not looking up at his older friends as they pushed through the mostly full corridors.

Taehyung started explaining something about the main character’s inner struggles defining their actions but Jimin didn’t really understand seeing as he didn’t even look at that question. ”What did you write on that one?”

”Eh, I didn’t do it.”

Taehyung stopped, looking slightly annoyed at his older friend. ”It was the third question. Why didn’t you do it?”

Jimin shrugged as he pulled his friend’s arm to make him start walking again to avoid blocking up the narrow corridor. ”I just didn’t get there.”

His friend dropped the subject but was obviously slightly annoyed. Jimin tried elbowing Taehyung’s side but only got a frustrated groan as a response. He decided it would be best to distance himself for a while so Taehyung could calm down.

Jungkook talked happily with Taehyung as they got closer to the next class. Jimin listened closely to their conversation, occasionally saying something funny or smart. None of them laughed. If Jimin was lucky they rewarded him with a sharp exhale from the nose but that was simply it. Jimin was happy with that though.

”I hate chemistry”, Jimin said as he slid down into his seat next to Taehyung who just hummed in response. ”I don’t get it."
 
”I mean, you often come quite late so maybe that’s why.”

Jimin ignored the frustration welling up in his stomach and just smiled at his friend. Taehyung smiled weakly back. The class started and the only communication they had with each other was when Jimin had caught his younger friend’s eyes and wiggled his eyebrows. Taehyung hadn’t wiggled back. Of course he didn’t, Jimin thought to himself. He can’t wiggle his eyebrows.'
Everything felt right again when they after lunch bought coffee and sat in the cafeteria just as usual. Taehyung said a terrible joke and Jimin laughed because he said equally terrible jokes and found them hilarious. Jungkook sat quiet beside them, sipping on his hot cocoa. He would have gotten tea, but he insisted it wasn’t tea weather and so he of course chose the most sugary option. A boy walked past their table, greeted Jimin with a nod, which he could barely return. Jimin felt a faint blush of embarrassment creep unto his face, which Taehyung didn’t miss and he quickly commented on it, teasing his older friend.”I honestly still can’t believe you have a thing for Jiyong. I get you being friends ten years ago or whatever but you still haven’t gotten over him and that’s just baffling.”

Jimin shushed his friend and nudged his side, grinning widely. ”Someone could hear, so would you shut up, asshole?”

The boys just snickered quietly and it wasn’t long before Jimin cracked another terrible joke and got hit in the back of his head by Jungkook. It felt good and the whole of Jimin was back to shining brightly.Jimin was tired. He was so tired, even more so now than a few months ago. His staying up late-habit came and went, but it was worse now than it had been before. He found himself almost falling asleep in class, or even when he just closed his eyes for more than two seconds he could feel himself dozing off. No one had really noticed this, much to Jimin’s relief, but he knew he couldn’t continue on like this. Although he never really knew when it would disappear. He could of course choose to go to sleep at eleven and then, that’d be it, but he’d feel so bad the morning after so he just rode it out, waiting for his tiredness to catch up with him before he lets himself crash. In some weird way, he took pride in not sleeping. He told himself that he was doing great and forced himself to be up even longer and he didn’t understand why, really. He just did.
 
So maybe that’s what lead him to fall asleep in class. He didn’t even notice it but then the bell rang and he jolted up with a shock. His teacher looked at him, eyebrow raised and mouth pressed together into a thin line.
 
”Jimin, will you stay for a bit?”

Jimin just nodded and relaxed in his chair again, chin resting in his open palm. He felt his teacher sitting down across from him and opened one of his eyes to look at him. He looked worried.
 
”Are you okay?”
 
The question hanged in the air, unanswered. Jimin didn’t really understand why his teacher asked him this but figured he must have a good reason and just slowly nodded. ”Yeah, I’m good.”
 
The older man nodded slowly, although he didn’t seem to believe his student’s words. ”Are you sleeping at night? You seem really tired.” Jimin broke eye contact with the man, suddenly feeling guilty because the teacher had known he was sleeping during his class and Jimin knew that was  pretty rude.
 
Jimin shrugged, still looking at everything except the teacher sitting in front of him. ”Whatever it is, I can’t have you sleeping in class. You’re lucky I noticed you’ve been feeling out of it and didn’t wake you up.” Jimin nodded thankfully and smiled weakly, a smile that faded once the teacher started talking again. ”Why aren’t you sleeping at home?”
 
He slouched in his seat. ”It’s a long story, Mr. Jong.”
 
It really wasn’t. He just didn’t want to talk about it.
 
His teacher leaned back into the chair, crossing his arms. ”Jimin, you’re a good kid. I don’t want to give you detention, I really don’t. So I don’t want to hear any more from other teachers about you sleeping in class or being late, okay?”
 
Jimin nodded and quickly left once his teacher told him it was fine and started to walk home in silence, thoughts racing in his head. He had gotten out of detention for this time but he knew he had to straighten up his act or else he would find himself in a tight spot which he did not want to be in. He didn't want to disappoint his mother and he certainly didn't want to have to spend time surrounded by the other kinds of people who got detention, like smokers or fighters. Jimin wasn't a smoker or fighter, he barely was a talk-during-classer, but he was now in a situation where detention was a possibility, which scared him. He just had to get his shit together for a few hours per day, and then he could be a tired mess when he got home. Which he did, without even noticing. He barely noticed as he opened his bedroom door, shutting it slowly and then falling into bed. He fell asleep, thoughts still racing and making him worried.”Jimin I swear to God if you don’t get up within five minutes I will leave without you and then you’ll miss the whole school day, probably.” His mom’s voice woke him again for the third time in 30 minutes. He had fallen asleep again after every time, and 30 minutes had passed when Jimin just meant for 5.

Of course, his mother didn’t leave. She couldn’t just leave him to miss school so she just dragged him out of his warm bed. ”I can’t believe you.”

Jimin, who was barely awake, swayed as he stood. ”Can’t I just stay home for today and sleep?”
She raised her hand at him but left it there. She had never hit him and he knew she never would but that didn’t stop him from jumping in surprise when it happened. ”Jesus Jimin, just get dressed and come out to the car. Don’t forget to brush your teeth.”

Now he had no choice and he quickly pulled a shirt over his head (when did he take off his shirt yesterday?) and changed pants. He’d fallen asleep with jeans on last night and now he knew what that felt like. Uncomfortable, so to say. He didn’t brush his teeth, figuring he could just chew some gum once he got to school to get rid of his morning breath. 

He realized as he walked into the library that he had slept the whole night, yet he was still tired. He felt a sting of disappointment in his stomach that he hadn't stayed up late but rather fell asleep when he got home. He just slid down into a comfortable chair, this time setting an alarm so he wouldn’t come late to class. He figured it was worth waking up to the horrible alarm than to do detention with all the bad people in school who smoked and did all sorts of bad stuff that Jimin didn’t do. Jimin didn’t do bad stuff. He wasn’t bad enough, he guessed, as he slowly dozed off.

”Ah, Jimin! You’re in time!” His friends shouted as he walked through the door to the classroom, barely in time before the bell rang. ”What has this world come to?”

Jimin just grinned and slumped down on his chair, turning around and facing Taehyung. Ignoring his friends words, he quickly changed subject. ”Tae I had this really weird dream,” and then he was ranting, explaining what he had dreamt. Taehyung seemed to enjoy it and sat back, nodding as he talked.

”Well, that's quite a dream you've got there, Chimchim."

Jimin shrugged, though pleased to hear that Taehyung was in such a good mood. Good enough for him to call Jimin Chimchim, which lately rarely happened. "What can I say, I'm a dream factory."
"Remind me to never visit your factory, then." Jungkook sighed as class started, marking the end of the first short but joyful conversation of the day.


”Jimin I can’t just tell you, you gotta think for yourself.” Said boy threw his head back and grunted in frustration. ”But I just don’t get it, Tae. It doesn’t make any sense to me.” Taehyung sighed and just pointed to the question in the book. ”It’s math Jimin. It always makes sense, you just gotta figure it out. If you don’t then you’ll fail all the exams.”
Jimin looked at his friend, feeling defeated. He had known Taehyung for almost his whole life and he loved him with all his being, really, but his friend just made him feel bad sometimes. Tae was so smart and he understood school, and people actually liked him. Jimin was shy so the only people he really knew were Tae and Jungkook. Not that that was bad, not at all, but it sometimes made him feel useless when he saw them being liked and talented when he was just… A lumpy sack of nothingness. And don’t get him started on Jungkook, that kid was a god at everything. Give him any task whatsoever and he will do it perfectly, seemingly effortless. Of course, his grades weren’t the way they were without any effort and Jungkook actually put in a lot of energy in everything he did, he just made it seem like he didn’t.

”Yeah I know, I’m sorry.” He shot his friend a small smile, hoping this wouldn’t make him angry with Jimin because he hated when that happened.
 Taehyung gave Jimin a pat on his shoulder and told him to get back to work because he would certainly need it. Jimin didn’t think much of this and just nodded and continued working with the math that made his head spin in confusion.

Lunch went smoothly, they sat in their corner and Jimin slowly sipped on his third coffee that day. Jungkook was telling some ridiculous story as usual, something about a woman carrying a full grown cat in her way too small purse, or maybe it was about the time he had been recognized as a celebrity, of course he wasn’t a celebrity, but he just went along with it. Jimin didn’t know, he didn’t pay a lot of attention even though he knew he should.

He felt like if he didn’t he would miss out on something big and then he wouldn’t be able to fully participate in their conversations for at least two weeks and he certainly didn’t want that. He just couldn’t focus, he was fazing in and out and he didn’t have the energy to try to reel himself into the shore of awareness by now. He found he didn’t have energy for a lot of things, which was a shame. He couldn’t find energy for doing school work or work out (he missed dancing so much) and now he didn’t even bother to listen to one of his best friend’s stories, which just made him feel like the worst friend in existence. He blinked slowly and then tried to get into the conversation again.
However he didn't get too far into the talk (the story was about the woman with the cat purse) (it turned out it wasn’t a real cat, it was a robot) (Jungkook never explained why a woman on the train would have a robot cat in her purse but in that moment it didn’t seem like it mattered because it was a robot cat) because a loud noise bounced between the walls of the cafeteria, making everyone fall into silence. The only thing that could be heard and the thing everyone was turning all their heads and eyes to, was the fight between two boys.

Boys was the wrong word, Jimin thought as he slowly sipped some more of his coffee. They weren’t boys, they were… Well, they weren’t men, but they certainly weren’t boys. The tallest of them was over 6ft probably, which was way taller than Jimin. The one he was fighting, oh boy, he looked like he shouldn’t actually stand a chance. He was probably the same height as Jimin, maybe a little taller but overall he looked small and weak but seeing him fight, Jimin understood he was wrong. While it didn’t look like the boy was winning the fight, he wasn’t loosing either. He didn’t know who they were, but the school was big and they weren’t in his year so it wasn’t actually that hard to understand why.
 The taller boy grabbed the other boy’s shirt, lifting him up slightly. They talked to each other but Jimin didn’t hear what they said. The smaller boy grinned and suffered a tough punch to the face, Jimin could feel the pain just from watching. He grunted as he fell to the floor, but instead of lying there facing the embarrassment from getting beaten up in the cafeteria for everyone at school to see, he shot up, punching the taller in the stomach which made him bend over. The fight barely continued, at least four teachers, Jimin couldn’t see really well anymore because of the crowd that gathered in front of his table, broke them apart. He could hear Mr. Kim’s voice which just automatically made shivers travel up anyone’s spine echoing through the cafeteria, ordering both the boys to go to the principal’s office. After huffing in frustration and grunting, they both left. The teachers lingered, telling all the students to calm down. ”Something like this is bound to happen, right? You never know with students nowadays.” Mr. Kim laughed nervously, rubbing his neck. The incident, though not really normal, wasn’t absurd enough to force itself in Jimin’s memory and stay there, so he soon forgot about it. The school was buzzing for the rest of the day about what would happen to the two fighters, and Jimin was sure he heard some names being called out but he didn’t bother to listen and so he didn’t know. The only thing he only ever remembered was the way the taller boy had lifted the smaller boy as if it was no task at all. They seemed to be in the same age and while the shorter boy sure was small, the weight difference couldn’t be that big. This baffled Jimin, and that was really the only thing he could recall in detail from the day. It was around 4am that he fell asleep and he desperately hoped his mother would forget about him in the morning.



Chapter End Notes
i hope this didnt suck too much but if it did im just gonna use the excuse that this is my first fic ehehaLSO the name of the fic is from a song called Hazel its by cavetown i love him hes gr8 such an inspiration to us all hes my son i recommend you check him and his music out and he also has a cute lil chameleon i recommend u check him out too its gr8and i hope this wasnt too much of a weak first chapter eheh i will get better though probably dont give up on me yet dont leave me now


bad people doing bad stuff
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin was getting worse, he noticed as he dragged himself through the corridor. He felt like a rock, a solid, heavy rock with no way of getting any real work done. His friends had also noticed, and Taehyung was getting increasingly annoyed at Jimin’s self destructive behavior. Although Jimin wanted to tell his friend to stop being so pissed all the time and let him destroy himself in any way he wanted, he figured it wouldn’t lead to anything good and let his friend be mad until he got over it. In the meantime he would just act as he normally would, hoping his smiles and bad jokes would hurry up the process of Taehyung warming up again.

It usually did, and this time was no exception. He walked backwards, always facing Taehyung who strolled on behind him, and told the worst jokes he could come up with and remember. Taehyung, being the immature child that he was, always enjoyed the ones who would’ve turned a class of twelve year olds into a laughing, flustered mess. Jimin wanted his friends to be happy, and if Taehyung was in a bad mood then the whole group dynamic would be ruined, and that would just make everyone miserable.

Taehyung laughed at his jokes, like he had forgotten about the fact that he was supposed to be mad with Jimin, and it proved to him that they were okay. Jimin laughed along with him, now walking beside him. He was happy, forgetting about his heavy legs and stinging eyes. He was happy because Taehyung was happy, which made Jungkook stop sulking behind them and now join their conversation. The group was back to normal, and when they were finally sitting down in their desks at class, they whispered jokes and short stories to each other, quietly of course so that the teacher wouldn’t hear. But, the teacher always heard, and they were more often than not called out.

”Jungkook, do you have anything you want to share with the class?”

Jungkook simply stared in shock at the teacher that called him out. The boy was the most shy and introverted person Jimin knew, so it didn’t come as a surprise to him when he reacted this way. He simply murmured an answer, which barely Jimin heard and he was sitting right next to him. ”No, Mr. Oh.”

”Could you please repeat yourself? I didn’t hear.” Jimin knew Mr. Oh had heard, but he also knew that Mr. Oh was a terrible teacher and that he would do anything to terrorize his students (especially Jungkook, which no one understood because Jungkook was small and careful and wouldn’t do anything to interrupt any teacher’s class) (he was simply called out for something Taehyung and Jimin had done, which was incredibly unfair). Jungkook averted his eyes and instead looked down in his lap, where he had his hands tied. He didn’t answer the teacher, and Jimin could feel anger grow rapidly in his stomach.

”He doesn’t want to share anything,” he said (more softly than he had actually wanted) so that Jungkook wouldn’t have to talk again. He saw in the corner of his eye that Jungkook nodded softly, but didn’t break eye contact with the man who now stood with his hands on his hips, obviously annoyed at Jimin’s interference.

”But I didn’t ask you, did I, Jimin?” Jimin glared at his teacher, begging in his mind that for just a second, looks could kill. Looks can’t kill, though, and they didn’t start to either, so Jimin settled for just angrily staring at the man who so stubbornly tried to fuck with his friend.

When Mr. Oh didn’t get an answer, he sighed and just went back to talking to the class. Jimin rubbed his younger friends back, knowing he hated talking to like anyone else than his two friends. His mood was obviously wrecked by now and Jimin knew this wasn’t the thing to try to joke away. Jungkook had always had problems talking to new people and he didn’t tell anyone about his fear for several years, leaving them confused and worried as to why he would suddenly disappear for a few weeks and then come back, thinner and looking more exhausted than before. When he finally had opened up, they all did. They were awake for a whole night and talked about their fears and dreams and problems, and from that day on they were even closer than before.

After class they all hid in the library and talked. It seemed right, seeing as how Jungkook looked like something had broken inside of him. They talked in shushed voices because it wasn’t really anyone else’s business what they were talking about and it was a quiet library, so it was really easy to hear anything that was being said. Jungkook didn’t say much at first, but after they had tried cheering him up for a while he opened his mouth to speak, and the raspy voice that came out surprised his friends who were prepared for a weak, small voice that matched the boy’s mood.

”I’m so sick of feeling this way, y’know? I’m so fucking sick of being so god damn scared all the time. I feel so weak.” The last words came out as more of a whisper than him actually talking to his friends, whose hearts broke in a million small pieces when they saw their friend being so broken down. Jungkook looked straight in front of him, but it didn’t look like he actually saw it. He just stared at the books, not taking in what his eyes were resting on.

Jimin glanced at Taehyung, locking their eyes for a second. He looked as worried as Jimin did. ”You’re not weak, Jungkook. Far from it. You feeling the way you do and still getting out of bed in the morning and face your fears every day, that’s one of the bravest and strongest thing I’ve ever heard of.”

Jimin nodded, humming in agreement. ”Are you still against the idea of going to see a therapist? If you want to get rid of this fear, that’s a solid way to go I think.”

His friend didn’t answer for a while, like he was thinking about it. Jimin hoped he would actually go see a therapist, but Jungkook would probably just shake his head and insist he could deal with it himself without some stranger poking in his business.

Jimin was right. Taehyung muttered something under his breath but no one asked him to repeat himself. They just sat in silence, Jimin and Taehyung because they knew they couldn’t say anything right now that was appropriate or right, Jungkook because he was afraid his voice would fail him if he used it again.

They didn’t talk about it any more than that and the rest of the day went on as usual, although Jungkook seemed a little more quiet, but they didn’t mention that, they all understood and just let him do it in his own pace.

”This is the last class,” Jimin proclaimed as they entered their classroom, looking as cheerful as ever, ”and then we’re free to go.”

Taehyung rubbed his neck and sat down at his desk. ”I wouldn’t say free. I gotta stay and study.” Jimin looked in shock at his younger friend, was his friend going to study? Since when?

"Study? Study what?”

”Chemistry.” Taehyung looked apologetically at his friend, who looked defeated. Jimin didn’t argue, just smiled and scratched his head. Fair enough, he thought as he turned to face the board again. Taehyung didn’t get extreme anxiety from just looking at the book like Jimin did, so of course he was going to study. He didn’t want to fail the class. ”You should stay too, you know.” The words made Jimin spin in his seat, once again looking back at his friend, who offered him a friendly smile. ”I could help. And the teacher could. It’s not that hard, Jimin. You just gotta force it into your head.”

Jimin considered his options. Going home to sleep before dinner, or stay with Taehyung and study something which just the thought of made him anxious and ready to break down crying? He was sure of his answer, but as he looked the younger boy in the eyes, who were practically begging him, he changed his mind, knowing it wasn’t right to say no. He smiled brightly at his friend, who relaxed immediately. ”Of course I’ll stay. Teach me all about that electron-stuff, I’m more than ready.”

Taehyung puffed a laughter, shaking his head and looked down at his book to continue doing his work. Jimin did the same, and since this class was English, which was a subject he didn’t actually suck at, time seemed to pass by flying instead of with a slow crawl. But it did indeed pass, much to Jimin’s delight, and the bell marked the end of the class. The teacher told them to finish the assignment at home (Jimin knew the teacher knew that the chance of his students actually doing work at home was minimal) and soon all the students once again filled the halls, everyone making their way toward the exit. Everyone, of course, save for Jimin and Taehyung. Jungkook didn’t stay behind with them, he just wanted to go home and relax. It was weekend now, Jimin understood why he didn’t want to stay at school for even one more second if it wasn’t necessary.

And maybe, to Jungkook, it wasn’t. To Jimin however, staying behind with Taehyung was an opportunity to talk and try to get back to how they were before. Jimin wasn’t sure to when before, but he knew it was before. They hadn’t always been like this, bickering at Jimin when he had seemingly done something wrong, and there had been a time when Jimin never wanted to roll his eyes and grunt out of frustration at his friend. Maybe it all started when Jimin became self destructive, maybe it’s because of Taehyung’s uncertainty of himself and his identity, and maybe, and this was what Jimin feared the most, they had grown apart and were getting even more unlike each other by the second.

Jimin didn’t want to think about it, so the second he sat down beside his friend who opened his book, he batted away his thoughts and smiled widely at him. Taehyung smiled back, and the sight made Jimin quickly forget about his previous doubts and worries.

Taehyung and Jimin, growing apart? Never in a million years. This was something they could work out, this was just a small bump in their long, ever lasting road. At least, this was how Jimin thought as he took out his books. And the feeling would linger throughout their studying. Not once did Taehyung sigh at Jimin’s inability to understand the basic structure of an atom or roll his eyes at Jimin’s attempt to write his own explanations as to why matter behaved like it did. He just calmly explained again, for the third or fourth time. It made Jimin feel less of an idiot. He still did feel like one, but it wasn’t like Taehyung was going to change that, ever.

But Jimin knew deep down, this wasn’t the first time since the change that they had been alright. Multiple times had Jimin felt like that was it, the bad rhythm and feelings of stupidity was over. As if every words of malice and hurtfulness was going to come undone the second they sat down and had a laugh, like they didn’t really matter in the first place and that the previous behavior simply was just a short phase of doubt in between the two, a brief kind of ”falling out”.

After Taehyung’s many tries to get the information through Jimin’s seemingly pretty thick head, he actually started to understand. He didn’t understand the really complicated stuff, Jimin wasn’t that clever, but he started to understand the basics, which Taehyung told him was great and that basics are always the most important stuff to wrap your head around.

”If you get the basics you can’t possibly fail completely on the tests.” He would say, which made Jimin feel even more excited than earlier. Because if Jimin didn’t fail the test, that would decrease his anxiety by so much and even though he still had a lot left, that’s still an achievement. And he imagined his mother’s face as he would tell her he didn’t fail the test. She would be over the moon with pride for her son.

”Thanks, Taehyung.” He locked eyes with his friend, who nodded shortly and smiled.

”Yeah, ’course. I’m glad I could help. I hate seeing you so lost in chem, and now you don’t have to ask me so much which gives me a fuckton of more time to work, too.” He squeezed Jimin’s shoulders, who beamed with joy.

Taehyung suggested they should get going, now realizing it was nearly halv past five. They had studied for more than an hour, which was more than Jimin had studied in a year, and Jimin clearly understood the basics of the material. They were both satisfied with the result and packed up their stuff, slowly walking toward the door to the outside world. They talked about their plans for the weekend or school, but mostly they walked in silence on their way home. They didn’t part ways because, well, they lived pretty close to each other and it used to be their thing to walk home together. They didn’t do it as much now, though, because Taehyung always either rushed home or went to some practice. Jimin almost soared as he realized this was their first time walking home with each other in more than a few months.

”I’ll see you on Monday,” Jimin called after his friend as they parted ways.

Taehyung nodded and waved goodbye, smile playing on his face. ”Yeah, call me. Maybe we can do something Saturday or something?”

Jimin felt so joyful he could die. He agreed to this, and then they turned their backs and walked in different directions. As Jimin got even closer to his home, the slow realization of the day dawned on him. Taehyung had suggested doing something, helped him study without once showing signs of frustration or annoyance and the day as a whole was extremely uneventful by their standards. It felt so… Strange? Shaking his head to get rid of these thoughts, he opened the front door and kicked his shoes off his feet.”Where were you?” His mom stood in the doorway, hands on her hips. She looked extremely displeased, as if Jimin had just brought home the rotting corpse of a pig, making the whole house smell of decaying meat, when instead he just got home a little later than expected.”I was at school. Studied with Tae.” He propped up his backpack on his shoulder. ”Didn’t think you’d mind. Can I leave? I have stuff to do.” He gestured at her position and that she was blocking up the only way out of the small room so he couldn’t walk away.”I did mind, Jimin. I know school ends at four on Fridays yet you weren’t home when you usually get home like, ten minutes before school’s even over.” He just shrugged, avoiding her eyes. ”I have gotten so many complaints from your teachers. Apparently you’re still late, and now you sleep during class too? And don’t forget about the sassing the teachers. This is unacceptable, honey.”Jimin scoffed at the use of the nickname when he knew she did her best not to yell. ”When did I sass the teachers? I’m the most unsassy person to ever exist, mom. You know I am, how can you even believe otherwise?”
She threw her head back and groaned in frustration. This scene was all too familiar to the boy, who last year experienced it nearly every single day. ”I can’t stand this. Do you not realize the humiliation you feel when people tell you you’re child is misbehaving? I’m ashamed, Jimin.”

It was like someone punched him in his stomach, all air suddenly leaving him, making his head spin and mouth go dry. ”Ashamed of what? Me being your son?”

She looked away and Jimin, who usually was good at reading expressions and analyzing situations, couldn’t understand the look in her eyes, or the feeling of the room. He felt dumbfounded, like everything right was wrong and everything wrong was right. It was the most confusing and gut wrenching feeling ever. He couldn’t recognize his own mother’s eyes. When his mother didn’t answer for a while, Jimin wasn’t sure how much time had passed, he just squeezed through the doorway. If she would’ve called after him, telling him to wait and let her explain, he would’ve ignored her. But she didn’t, she let him leave without so much as following his movements or looking over her shoulder. She acted like he was a breeze, just passing through.

He never got called down for dinner, and she never said goodnight to him. His father briefly stuck his head through the door and passed him a plate of food. He then told his son he shouldn’t take her words too seriously, that she was upset and regretted them.

Jimin didn’t believe him. He didn’t even seem to believe himself.

He sat down with his computer, opening up an empty word document. He had wanted to write something new for quite a time now, and this seemed like just the right moment to do so, seeing as how there would be no interruptions or distractions. He would have the whole weekend for himself, cooped up in his small room with just himself and his words. He wrote for what felt like just a few minutes, but in actuality his fingers worked diligently for several hours, until he ultimately fell asleep by his desk, head resting on the keyboard.

He woke up at noon, not fully rested but then again he didn’t believe he could feel completely free of his tiredness ever again. He had several missed calls and texts from Taehyung, who suggested they would go into town and sit at their favorite coffee shop for a few hours to talk and stuff. Jimin happily accepted, and without telling his parents the details, he was out the door and ready to face his best friend once again.

His friend was already seated when he arrived, sitting in the far end of the café in a big armchair. Jimin made his order, ordinary black coffee and a chocolate muffin, and wasted no time to make himself comfortable in the chair opposite of his friend. They quickly got talking about anything that crossed their minds, ranging from different conspiracy theories (Jimin wasn’t sold but Taehyung loved them) and Taehyung’s long list of ever-changing hobbies (he rarely did one thing for more than a few months) and they didn’t notice as the subjects slowly went deeper and deeper, turned darker and darker.

”I don’t know, man. I’m confused.” Taehyung rubbed his temples, brown eyes casting downwards, covered by his blond bangs.

Jimin huffed, the corners of his mouth curling up into a grin. ”Kim Taehyung, confused? Shit, is it a blue moon? Are pigs flying now?”

”Ha-ha. I’m serious, I have no shitting idea what I am supposed to feel and do.”

Jimin leaned back into his oversized chair, sipping on the fourth cup of coffee in two hours. He thought for a moment before finally opening his mouth to help clear his friend’s worried head. ”Have you ever looked at a guy and imagined what it would be like if they pressed you against a wall and kissed your neck?”

”What makes you think I would be the one being pressed against the wall?” His friend, who seemed to not enjoy the help he was getting, scoffed and crossed his arms. Jimin didn’t take this as seriously as his friend had hoped he would, he knew what it looked like when he was actually pissed off, and this wasn’t it.

Jimin didn’t answer, but merely stared at his friend with an eyebrow slightly raised as if to mock his stupid question. 

”I- eh, yes? No? I don’t know.” His friend ignored his look and quickly just answered the previous question, although he felt as if he didn’t want to. He took a sip from his tea, who should’ve started to go cold by now and once again locked eyes with his friend.

Jimin forced his smile down and looked at his friend with a serious expression plastered onto his face. ”Then, have you ever looked at a girl and thought ”damn that’s some nice titties"?”

Taehyung almost spit out his drink, his loud voice making everyone in the café look up for a second, before they quickly continued with what they were doing. ”No!”

”Then have you ever looked at a girl and thought ”damn her eyes are like supernovas except not incredibly dangerous, and I like her face”?”

”No?”

Jimin raised an eyebrow at his friend, who was starting to get where this was going. ”Have you thought that way about a dude?”

”I, I’m not sure.” Jimin knew he was telling the truth, and his stomach sank as he felt sorry for his younger friend, for he knew exactly where he came from and how he felt.

Instead of voicing his true feelings and tell his friend that everything was going to be okay, because Jimin wasn’t even sure himself, he pointed to a man in the other end of the café who was starting to take off his coat. ”Do you think that handsome man over there is actually handsome?”

Taehyung looked over at where he was pointing, then looked back at Jimin with a confused expression in his eyes. ”Yes? I don’t-”

”You know, I would go up to him and talk to him and tell him about you but I’m shy as fuck so I won’t” He took another sip from his coffee, emptying the cup. ”That, and I know you would literally kill me.”

”Thanks.” If this would’ve been an ordinary day, Taehyung would have rolled his eyes at Jimin’s lame tactics and jokes or sneered some comment about his friend’s inability to handle other people’s struggles in a professional manner. However, this was not an ordinary day, and the two friends laughed at not just Jimin, but at Taehyung too. Some kind of balance had been restored.

”Mmm yeah I’m a great friend.” Jimin gave himself a pat on his shoulder, and earned a (sarcastic) eye roll from his friend sitting opposite of him.

”Yup, the greatest.”

”The bestest.”

”Stop.”

They didn’t keep track of time, but merely stayed focused on the conversations that came and went. There was rarely a pause or some kind of silence between the two, seeing how they both had so much to talk about. Jimin ignored the subject of his sleeping habits, afraid Taehyung would go back to his ordinary self. Taehyung ignored it too, knowing it was something sensitive to Jimin because he hadn’t once talked to anyone about it. He and Jungkook figured it out after months of silent watching and observing the older friend’s habits. It happened that he texted them in the middle of the night, which they at the time thought was just a one time thing, but they saw how he grew more and more tired, and then they understood.
Taehyung, like Jimin, did not understand why he stayed up, and since he couldn’t talk to his friend about it, didn’t think he ever would. He hoped Jimin would bring it up himself so they could talk but the silence during the two years it had gone on told him it wasn’t likely. Jimin was great at handling other people’s sadness, but he actively neglected his own, Taehyung thought to himself as his friend got up to order another coffee. None of them knew how much coffee he had had that day, but they all knew it wasn’t because he loved the taste of it.

It was when darkness fell that the pair realized they should probably go home. When Taehyung checked the time and saw that they had spent nearly six hours in that café, he panicked a bit because he was supposed to be home by five. Jimin, too, knew that he was going to face some trouble again once he got home, but didn’t let himself mull over it too much now that Taehyung obviously needed the attention.

”Look, the bus home goes in five minutes, and the ride takes about twenty. You’ll be home at 6.15.” Jimin gave his friend a small pat on the back, doing his best to console him. Even though it wasn’t really that late, 6.15 was still more than an hour late and he knew his friend had pretty strict parents.

Taehyung nodded and muttered something under his breath, obviously not meant for Jimin’s ears so he didn’t bother to ask.

They sat in the back of the bus in silence, and then they parted in silence. Jimin was worried that his friend blamed him for the whole ordeal, because now that they had been such good friends the last few days, something bad was bound to happen. It always did, he thought as he carefully opened the front door and took off his shoes. He braced himself for a thunder cloud, a big fight between him and his mother that would result in her disowning and kicking him out. But nothing came. The unexpected silence was, well, unexpected. Maybe it’s the calm before the storm, the boy thought as he began to climb the stairs up to his room. Either way, Jimin figured it wasn’t worth sticking around to test his theory.

Saturday evening passed in the same, pressing silence, and Jimin was left to wonder if he was even in the right house, or if his parents were even there. But he knew they were, he could hear their hushed voices and even though he couldn’t hear the words being said, he knew the meaning behind them, and he understood he wouldn’t be getting anything else than quietness at least for now. Jimin wasn’t sure how he felt about that, seeing how he was used to being surrounded by silence but he also never experienced the forcefulness of it, because he always chose it.
Sunday went by in the same manner. Jimin didn’t eat. Going downstairs and facing his parents would feel like a defeat, like he gave up. He refused to give in to his mother, because even though he loved her, he wasn’t a doormat that could be pushed around. He used to be, and somewhere in him, he still was. But being avoided by your parents hurt in a way that told him he wasn’t ever going to let them win. It happened that his father would pass by his son’s door and stay there, almost knocking, but he never did. He, like his son, didn’t want to give in. So they just didn’t talk. They barely made noise, and Jimin wasn’t even sure if his parents talked to each other because they didn’t want to break the silence in any way.

They didn’t wake him up.

That was probably the thing that hurt the most, they didn’t even bother to shortly break their unspoken contest to make sure he didn’t oversleep, and now Jimin was panicking as he packed his stuff and ran out of the house. He was more than three hours late. He had missed a whole class.
Shitshitshitshitshit fuck me in the peehole I’m so fucking god damn screwed god fucking damn it, the boy swore as he ran all the way to school. He was thankful the halls were empty, because that meant he could swear as loudly he wanted without anyone giving him weird looks. Running up five flights of stairs, Jimin decided, was the worst form of torture he had ever experienced. It didn’t even seem like it was worth it, because he was already late. Running and panicking wasn’t going to solve that, but in that moment, Jimin couldn’t even think about him wearing his shoes wrong or that he probably looked like a mess, because he had reached his classroom. He swung the door open, and the whole class turned to him. He felt blood rushing up to his face, and Mr. Jong looked at him with obvious disappointment behind his eyes. Jimin knew what waited, but it didn’t make him feel even a little bit better.

Taehyung wasn’t mad with his friend, and if he was he didn’t show it. He just rubbed his back and continued working in his book. There was about twenty minutes left of the class, and the second the bell rang, Mr. Jong asked Jimin to stay behind so they could talk. Jimin quietly obeyed and said goodbye to his friends, who shot him sympathetic looks in return.

”The only thing I can do here is give you detention, Jimin. You’re giving me no other choice.” The teacher’s gravelly voice (Jimin figured he had smoked too much in his long, stressful years of being alive) was low, as if he thought anyone could hear. ”I tell you to come in time, and you actually do that for a while, then this happens? What’s going on inside your head, I just don’t understand.” He poked at Jimin’s ashgray head as if that would magically open it and reveal all the unspoken secrets.

Jimin shrugged, not answering. He was ashamed, really. And then he was mad, because it was his parents who hadn’t woken him up and now they were going to give him shit because he had gotten detention.

”Since you’ve missed so much time, you can catch up in detention.” He tapped his fingers on the desk, not looking at his student like he was thinking. ”Maybe for two weeks? Three? I’ll have to think about that, but for now let’s say two weeks. I’ll talk with the your other teachers so we can decide on that. Every day from four to five thirty there’s detention on the third floor. I’ll show you when it’s time.” Still not looking at his student, he nodded. ”Meet me there after school and I’ll show you where it is.”
Now he looked down, probably to see if Jimin had heard and understood everything, which he had. And it made his head spin. Two weeks? Every day? ”Uh, ’kay. Third floor, after school. Sure.”

Mr. Jong got up from his chair and gestured to his student that he should do the same. ”I’ll see you there, Park Jimin.”

Jimin still didn’t understand as he left the classroom what had happened. When his friends asked him about what was going on, he could just stutter out a few short words. Detention. He had gotten detention, with all those bad people who did bad stuff that Jimin couldn’t even think about doing. Now he had to spend time with those bad people every day, and he wasn’t even sure if he was going to survive.



Chapter End Notes
i have the whole story planned out but its still like wtf what should i write and like this is gonna be a long ass story and i like reading long ass stories but ive never written one myself so maybe this is gonna be my breakthrough as a gr8 long ass story writer or else im just gonna fail dramaticallystick around 2 see i guess lolololoh and it would be gr8 if u gave feedback because like dis ma first fic and i wanna do good so pls do tell me if i actually suck donkey ass (ive actually started working on the third chapter already so thatll probably be up in like maybe two days??? my life just consists of writing rn and i like dont sleep at all so know u know)


the boy with the multiple chairs
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Somehow, Jimin still couldn’t wrap his head around it, he found himself on the third floor after his last class. Mr. Kim had shot him empathetic looks all day, he probably knew about Jimin’s after school fate. It seemed like everyone did, Jimin noted to himself as he saw Mr. Jong standing right by the stairs he made his way down. All day people had shot him glances and smiled sorrowfully, as if he was a dying man, slowly closing in to his doom. Then again, wasn’t that at least partially true? He shuddered at the thought. It was true. Every step he took was one step closer to his end.
 Mr. Jong just smiled at the boy and lead the way deeper into the corridor. He talked, but Jimin didn’t listen. He was too busy wondering if he was going to take his own life by jumping out of the nearby window or wait until he’s in detention and then get killed by all the thugs that probably waited for him there, big knives and baseball bats in their hands. He (unfortunately) didn’t have time to act on his decision (he was getting ready to throw a chair at the window a few feet away and follow it) before his teacher stopped, making Jimin walk right into him. ”This is it! The teacher who’s going to watch you today is Mrs. Lee, so be nice.” He opened the door to the ominous classroom, shoving Jimin into it. ”Oh, and she can’t hear very well so you’ll have to yell if you wanna be heard.” Jimin barely had time to answer before the door shut close, leaving the student alone with Mrs. Lee and some other kids who sat in there. They all stared at him, although it didn’t even seem like Mrs. Lee had noticed he was there until he tapped her on the shoulder. The other kids in the room weren’t as… Evil looking as Jimin had thought they would be, (meaning they weren’t wearing long, black trenchcoats or leather jackets with small pockets where outlines of knives could be seen) but he didn’t want to test his fate by looking at them for too long so he just stared down at the desk he had sat down at. He took up his books and let his eyes wander across the pages, not a single word sticking with them. He had to reread a sentence at least five times before he started to actually focus. He just shrugged to himself, deciding it would be best to wait for time to pass and instead sat in silence, hoping that a meteor would crash so he wouldn’t have to endure another minute in the torment that was detention. He was intensely staring at the clock, begging it to go faster, when he heard the door opening and violently closing. He turned his head and saw that another boy had entered but instead of sitting down at a desk and quietly wait for time to run out into the sand, he dragged a few chairs together, one to sit on, another to rest his feet on. He was just a few seats away from Jimin and if Jimin hadn’t been Jimin at that time, he would’ve probably said something. But Jimin was, indeed, Jimin and Jimin is scared shitless of anything that looks like it could hurt and with just one look at that boys fists, he knew that was something not to be messed with. And so he instead muttered something under his breath, probably to be able to tell himself that he had been brave and he had stood up to the boy, he had just not heard it. Time crawled by painfully slow, and Jimin wasn’t even sure if he was awake or if he in actuality was asleep, head rested on the hard, nearly wrecked desk. He hadn’t thought about at first, but nearly every furniture in the half lit, stuffy room was either broken or had some kind of damage to it. Maybe this is just a kind of junk room, Jimin thought to himself as he tapped his fingers on the already damaged desk. Maybe they just threw any kind of furniture that a kid had accidentally wrecked in here and let the detention kids use it, because they were bad and they didn’t really care if their chair was rickety or desk had to be balanced with three books to stand upright. They were bad. They deserved it. Jimin didn’t, though. Jimin was a good kid, had always been. The worst thing he had ever done in his long school life was kick a ball in a kids head, and that wasn’t even on purpose. The kid had just popped up, Jimin swore even to this day, and it was his fault for being in the way. Jimin didn’t deserve to be in a cramped room with several other kids who would probably kill Jimin if they had the chance. No, Jimin wasn’t in the right environment and he stared at the clock as the seconds went by. And the seconds did so, it wasn’t as if this was another dimension and time didn’t exist here, but it did seem like it went slower. Boredom was probably the reason, he thought. Or maybe, Jimin couldn’t help but think this was the main reason time seemed to hate him, it was because he was afraid that the following second would bring in another kid through that god damn door, and that he would see Jimin, realize he wasn’t like them and jump at him with a gun or machete or whatever people used to kill other people in detention, Jimin didn’t know. The boy with the multiple chairs didn’t cause much more trouble than that, which calmed Jimin down tremendously. Mrs. Lee wasn’t that good of a detention guard either, so the things the boy actually did weren’t called out and that meant the boy didn’t get angry and start to throw chairs around or anything. He simply did the thing (sometimes he left the room for ten minutes without an explanation or fiddled with his phone which was forbidden) and then everything went back to normal. Jimin wasn’t sure what he was going to do next, he could be pretty unpredictable, Jimin had decided when the boy nearly broke a desk without any warning, so he was always ready to run out of the classroom in a panic or call the cops. That was never necessary, and Jimin’s heart flipped when Mrs. Lee told them to pack up their stuff and leave and he wasted no time to get himself out of there, and once he was he checked so that all his body parts still were intact and stuck to his body. He was okay. He didn’t die. His first detention had, while it scared the shit out of him, not killed him. He was alive. He could do this. It’s just detention, Jimin thought as he exited the school, more than an hour after he should’ve. Yeah, it was just two weeks (as far as he knew) and no one has died from two weeks of detention. (probably)   His friends demanded him to tell everything later when they talked on Skype. He assured them there wasn’t much to tell, which they didn’t believe, and so he shortly told them about the boy with the several chairs. They all agreed on that Jimin should stay away from him and keep to himself during the detentions. Jungkook even offered to hit a teacher so Jimin wouldn’t have to be alone. They thought it was funny because all of them knew Jungkook would absolutely never do it. When Taehyung offered, Jimin had to calmly explain that two wouldn’t be better than one because he didn’t actually know if his friend would go through with it or not. ”No but just imagine! Us two against all the bullies and smokers!” Taehyung seemed to actually believe it was a good idea, which just made Jimin want to hug him since that’s such a precious way to think about it, but he of course had to shoot this idea down because if Jimin didn’t get killed, Taehyung certainly would. ”We would get killed.” Jimin put down his coffee and looked tiredly at his younger friend, who just shot him a smile and flexed his arms, as if there was actually anything there to flex. Taehyung thought the situation was hilarious, Jimin stuck in detention with a boy with obvious anger problems. ”At least we die together then.” ”Yea, leaving me behind, assholes.” Jungkook sighed, crossing his arms before he himself broke into a smile. Jungkook, unlike his friend, did not think the situation was anything to laugh at because even though Jimin rarely talked about his problems, they all knew he was extremely anxious and sensitive and so the thought of Jimin spending two weeks in detention with the most dangerous people at school worried Jungkook. ”Sorry Kookie” The two of them said at the same time, and they all burst out laughing and thoughts about next days detention seemed distant. None of them brought up the subject for the rest of the night. After they had all said goodnight, Jimin opened his word document and stared at his words. He was glad he could turn to this if he wanted to vent his struggles or just had anything on his mind. He could just escape to another world, become another person and live another life. Writing had been his way of coping in the worst of times a year ago and he would always be thankful for the support he had gotten when he actually released one of his works. Never had he felt as appreciated by so many people and if he could he would go back in time and touch up his writing because looking back on it, he wasn’t nearly as good as he thought he was when he wrote it. Jimin didn’t notice how the dark sky slowly became brighter and he also didn’t notice the sun rising, lightening up the boy’s room, a shade of soft orange and fiery red playing on his walls, mixing together in a beautiful dance. When he actually did notice this, however, he didn’t really think much of it. It wasn’t the first time he had stayed up all night, believe it or not. Sometimes it happened by accident, sometimes he forced himself to keep his eyes open. Jimin wasn’t sure which of these the night applied to. He tried to convince himself that it was an accident, just him writing away and losing track of time. Another part of him laughed at this, though, because had he ever really lost track of time? Jimin knew he had looked at the time and he also knew the thoughts that played in his head as he watched time ticking away. Should he stay up all night? Should he do it?  He did.  He decided he would start going to school at eight. That meant he had lots of time writing and that meant he could actually eat breakfast or shower or whatever (Jimin laughed at the thought, knowing he would actually just spend his morning writing) and he had done neither of these things in the morning since the whole ”fuck sleep” thing had started. So, in about two years, more or less? He heard movement downstairs, making him remember that, right, he had parents. Jimin had almost forgotten about it, getting lost in the world of writing made him forget about nearly everything else. He loved the feeling of forgetting about your own life while writing away about someone else’s. He loved the sounds his keyboard made as he typed and he loved the feeling of the keys under his fingers. He loved everything about writing. That of course, except for the crippling self doubt that came along with it. When Jimin actually started walking to school he noted to himself that his parents still didn’t talk to him. He had passed them by completely without them even so much as looking at him. He didn’t know how long this was going to go on but he could guess it wasn’t going to end soon. Maybe if he caused trouble at school they would finally break and yell at him but then again that wasn’t really how he wanted them to continue talking with each other so he just dropped the thought completely. Jimin just had to stay focused on school and his friendships so they wouldn’t break down and he didn’t actually want to be in detention so if he was good and did his work maybe they would let him out early. He could only hope for the best, and so he did.    Jungkook looked at his oldest friend with slightly more wide eyes than was considered normal, poking him in his side so as to get his attention, which went quickly. ”Well god damn Park Jimin, are you actually paying attention in class?”  Jimin nodded confidently, straightening his back. ”What can I say, Jeon Jungkook? I’m a genius.” ”You’re actually one of the most thickheaded people I’ve ever met but sure you keep telling yourself that.” Taehyung laughed as he leaned back in his seat, one leg thrown over the other. He, as well as his friend, thought it was surprising to see Jimin paying attention. It had happened maybe three times the last two years, and it was only because the substitute, according to Jimin, had looked good.  Jimin huffed at his friend’s comment. ”Well fuck you then, Kim Taehyung.” His younger friend just grinned and bowed his head in what he called respect, but Jimin knew he was a snarky little shit so he didn’t take it seriously. ”You’re all the worst shitfriends ever.” ”And yet, you still hang out with us. Could it be that you actually love us, or are you just lonely?” The youngest friend, who always hid his snarkiness behind downcast eyes and soft spoken words in front of strangers, was actually the cheekiest little dick they knew. Jimin hated him. He loved him, but oh god he hated him. ”Ah shut up” Jimin sank low into his chair and in that moment he tried his best to convince himself that he hated the assholes of friends he had, but seeing them all looking so happy and all bad tension between them gone, he found that it was impossible. He loved his assholey friends. He found himself being forced to face detention again. The last class was coming to an end, clock slowly ticking towards the end of most student’s days but for Jimin, four o’clock didn’t mean cozying up under a blanket and watch CSI or Friends, it meant being locked up in a room with scary strangers for one and a half hours. And he was really not looking forward to it. But then the bell rang and he after just a few minutes stood outside of the feared door. He stood there for quite a while, telling himself that he was okay and everything was going to be okay and that even though life sucks and he was ready to die, everything was okay. He took a deep breath and carefully creaked the door open. There were less people this time. Maybe they had done their time and now were free, or maybe Jimin just came earlier than them, but he found himself being able to breathe a little easier. If they weren’t there, maybe the boy with the multiple chairs wouldn’t be either. Maybe he skipped or maybe, just maybe, he was actually finished with detention. The thought of never having to see that boy ever again lifted Jimin’s heart tremendously, a huge weight suddenly off his chest. He barely had time to even finish that thought before the door opened and slammed shut, making Jimin understand immediately who it was. He did the same thing as last time, grabbing two chairs and using them for leg rest and one to sit on. He didn’t care that the detention guard this time wasn’t Mrs. Lee, but Mr. Kim. Jimin wasn’t even sure if he had noticed because the second the teacher’s voice could be heard the boy (if it was intentional or not, Jimin didn’t know) straightened his back, sitting more upright in his seat. ”Yoongi, for the last time, you can’t use three chairs to sit. Just, take one.” More than ten minutes were spent on trying to get the boy, apparently named Yoongi, to leave two chairs and just sit like a normal human being. Jimin appreciated the teacher’s tries but it was obviously a hopeless case. Yoongi wouldn’t stop sitting like that. Mr. Kim looked around the room, taking in the surroundings until he evidently locked eyes with Jimin. Jimin’s head raced at a thousand miles per hour when he saw the man nodding toward him as he spoke to the boy. The boy, Jimin still hadn’t gotten used to giving the face a name, looked back at him with narrow eyes like he was inspecting and judging what he saw. Jimin felt like he were under a microscope and highly disliked it, wriggling in his chair as if that would turn the attention away from him. Yoongi just sighed, got up from his seat and then slumped down in the chair next to Jimin, who forgot how to breathe. He wasn’t sure if Mr. Kim actually just hated him and wanted him to get killed, because what other reason than that could he have to place Yoongi, Yoongi, next to him? ”I figured we could make some changes here. You’re all in this room for a reason, right? You’re not here because we hate you and want to make your lives miserable, you’re here because in some way, you’ve misbehaved and this is how we punish you. And punish you, we will.” The tone of his voice suggested the seating change was not up for discussion and the thought of actually jumping out of a window seemed too tempting. But were they going to sit like this for two weeks, or just for the time Mr. Kim was supposed to be detention guard? Would he tell the other teachers about the arrangement?
He could feel Yoongi’s eyes turning to him, once again inspecting him. None of them said anything. Jimin barely had the guts to breath, talking seemed like a suicide mission. Yoongi just didn’t want to say anything. He found it hilarious seeing the younger boy wriggle of embarrassment in his chair just by Yoongi looking at him. If he had another choice, he would have just turned away his eyes and done something else, but he still had an hour to look forward to in this chair, doing nothing, so the least he could do was make a stranger uncomfortable. That’s something, right?
Jimin focused his eyes on the books that were laid out in front of him, as if the boy beside him hadn’t stared at him for ten minutes. What was Yoongi even thinking? Why did he look at Jimin like that, for such a long time? Was he even looking anymore? Without actually thinking he slowly turned his head to check, immediately locking eyes with the boy. With Yoongi. With Yoongi. His breath hitched in his throat and he rushed to turn away his head. He had seen the boy now, if only for a second. Now he knew what to avoid when he left his house. Then again, almost everyone had the same shade of black hair. He decided it would still be pretty hard to ignore him. Why, Jimin asked himself as he felt his breath returning to normal and heart beat slowing down, couldn’t he have green hair, or like, pink? That would’ve made things so much easier. Jimin finally felt the boy’s eyes turning away from him and while he was thankful, he was also left wondering if the next few weeks were going to play out in the same way and if he should just kill himself now.   ”I’m going to literally kill myself!” Jimin screamed into his pillow as soon as his friends picked up on Skype. They, who weren’t aware of what had happened, obviously grew worried.  Jungkook sat with furrowed brows, slowly chewing on some instant noodles. ”Jimin what the fuck? What happened?” ”Yoongi happened! Mr. Kim happened! Everything fucking happened, I’m going to set myself on fire please God or something, whatever that is in charge of this great mess that I call my life, please end my suffering,” Jimin didn’t actually explain what had happened, in his head everyone knew and explaining felt redundant. Jungkook and Taehyung both scratched their heads, not really sure of what to do. Yoongi? They didn’t know any Yoongi. ”Who the fuck is Yoongi? Jimin you gotta talk to us, what happened in there?” They had to survive a few more screams that they couldn’t understand either because they were inaudible or because they didn’t know the context. Then they got their explanation and they all agreed that Mr. Kim was a dick. Jungkook, especially, was not pleased. ”So he just placed this Yoongi beside you? Isn’t Yoongi like, dangerous or something?” Jimin shrugged, energy slowly draining out of him. ”I don’t know dude, I think so? He certainly doesn’t seem like a sunshine of a person.” He buried his face in his pillow, arms lying limply by his sides. He didn’t want to go to school the next day and he really did not want to go to detention. ”All because you couldn’t like, set an alarm.” Taehyung, always being the one to point out what Jimin had done wrong, of course couldn’t let this go. They were good, nearly back to normal, but this annoying trait (that only stuck with Jimin, seeing how he never said anything about Jungkook wrongdoings) didn’t seem to want to wear out. Jimin sighed into his pillow, raising his face slightly so his words wouldn’t come out as a muffle. ”Can we not, now?” Taehyung just shrugged and continued to write something on a paper that was out of view for Jimin, so he didn’t know what he was really doing. He didn’t want to know either. He was in a bad mood and just wanted to write it off, so he told his friends goodbye (with the excuse that he was going downstairs to have dinner) (dinner at this point seemed laughable) and quickly got to work. But, much to Jimin’s discontent, words didn’t flow. He found himself sitting with his hands ready to type on the keyboard, but he had no idea how to express himself, or even what to express. It was like if he had a plug in his brain and if he just released it, words would once again be free and write themselves, but the plug was stuck and as much as he tried to pull it, he couldn’t get it loose. He frowned, staring at the words on the screen, beginning to doubt himself. Was he as good as he thought he was if he couldn’t even type a half assed sentence about sunsets or birds chirping without it feeling forced or unbelievable? Maybe he was just a terrible writer with great confidence. Everything he had written just looked like out smeared goo on the screen and he just wanted to wipe it away. Jimin fell asleep not long after. He slept through the whole night and he was lucky his parents accidentally slammed the door when they left that morning, waking him up. He thanked the Gods (even though they earlier seemed to have no mercy on him) (maybe they felt guilty) and dragged himself out of bed to once again face school and boring classes and probably Taehyung’s comments.  ”I mean, you can’t actually blame me for thinking that it is at least partially your fault, Chimchim.” Taehyung, who sat leaning against the wall opposite of Jimin, ran his hand through his hair and looked at his older friend with the most tired eyes he had ever seen.Jimin couldn’t believe his friend was still going on about this, as if discussing would magically make the detention disappear. He threw his hands out as he felt at that moment that was the only thing that could really convey his frustration. ”No, but still, I thought my parents would at least wake me up.””You sure? Because sometimes you just do stuff without thinking and then blame it on someone else.” His friend’s words came as a pang in Jimin’s stomach, almost making him lose his breath. Was that really how Taehyung saw him? Was it true?He looked at Jungkook for help, but he just ignored his eyes, looking down at the floor they were sitting on. Jimin felt as if a cold shower had just poured over him and he probably would’ve started crying if it wasn’t for the last strip of pride he had that he wanted to keep intact. He didn’t answer his friend, just looked away and stared out the window. He regretted having sat down in the corridor, people walking past could hear the conversation loud and clear and embarrassment dawned on Jimin, whose mind now worked hard to see any signs of judgement in the passerby's faces or sympathy in their eyes. Everywhere he looked he saw people laughing with their friends, looking at him. Pointing, probably. Whispering to their friends about what a pathetic excuse of a human being Jimin was. Such a waste of air, they probably said. How does he live with himself?Although he felt as if his friend had left a gaping wound in his stomach, he forced his mouth to smile. Jimin knew Taehyung wanted his best and he also deep down knew that he was right. Jimin did blame his fuck ups on others, this wasn’t new. He would often do or say something wrong or inappropriate and then would use some half assed excuse as to why, often pointing fingers at someone else. He hated it. He hated it with a burning passion because it made him insecure and self conscious and his friends saw and knew this but they never attempted to talk to Jimin about it. He didn’t know if that was also his fault or if the ball was on his friend’s court, their turn to move the pieces and hurry up the process of making everything right.Jimin just wanted to get the detention over with. He wanted to get in there, spend more than an hour worrying about if he was going to get murdered by a pen in the neck and then get out. He really wasn’t in a mood to stall the process and so the second the last bell rang, he almost ran down the stairs to the third floor. He meant to open the door with a loud bang but instead he just barely creaked it open and squeezed in through the small opening. Maybe he was in a bad mood, but he wasn’t actually suicidal.Yoongi was already seated in the desk next to Jimin’s. It’s only for a little over an hour, Jimin repeated in his head as he sat down. Survive that, go home and sleep. Or drink coffee and continue on with your destructive behavior. Whatever floats your boat.Barely minutes passed until Jimin heard what he thought was Yoongi saying something. Well, muttering something under his breath, but it still made Jimin’s heart jump out of his chest with surprise and shock and he looked up at the boy sitting beside him with wide eyes. ”Did you say something?” He heard his own voice trembling and he desperately wanted to hide behind his books in fear of the secret blade Yoongi probably hid in his back pocket. He couldn’t even imagine what Yoongi had said. Maybe he threatened him because in some way it was Jimin’s fault that they had been stuck together, or maybe he had told Jimin to go fuck off for being so unbelievable uncomfortable and stiff just in the presence of him. He could’ve just asked Jimin for some gum. Or told him to kill himself. No one knew.Yoongi, in return, looked at Jimin with half lidded eyes and head slightly tilted backwards, hands hidden in the pockets of his worn out jacket. He shrugged. ”Nope.”



Chapter End Notes
hei bois this is it, i hope u like it bc i kinda dont but then again when do i ever ahhahahahahhelpoh and am i making the chapters too long or short?? u gotta tell me this kinda stuff right if i do bad u gotta tell me i do bad ok i put my trust in uok bye love u pls dont give me up now bc chapter 4 will be amazeballs i have it all planned out its gonna be robots and lazers and butt plugs and magic its gonna be all uve ever wanted


desk partner
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Was Jimin going mad? He could’ve sworn he heard the boy beside him saying something. Now everything just felt awkward, having kind of started a conversation and then dropping it. Should he say something more? Would that just make Yoongi mad? Would he hunt Jimin down after school and stab him with a pocket knife? Why was Jimin even thinking about this? This was Yoongi, and Jimin had promised himself and his friends to stay away so why was he even thinking about talking with him? Why had he even began a conversation in the first place? Jimin thought if it was possible for him to change seats but quickly came to the conclusion that Mr. Kim wouldn’t take lightly on that, and if he accidentally would have insulted Yoongi he would probably be found dead in a ditch somewhere so he didn’t risk it.
”Can you please sit still? You’re bothering me.” Yoongi’s low voice stopped Jimin right in his thinking tracks, now making him panic even more. Had he been moving? Was he still moving? Would Yoongi actually kill him if he couldn’t stop himself from tapping his fingers on the desk?”Oh,” Jimin managed to coax out a laughter, carefully looking up at the boy sitting beside him, who still observed him with tired eyes. ”I’m sorry.”A soft sigh escaped Yoongi’s lips and Jimin had to stop himself from running to hide. It went silent between them before the older spoke once again. ”Am I really that scary?””What?” Now Jimin was just confused. Did Yoongi actually want to talk to him? It all felt surreal, and all too scary. He wasn’t sure if Yoongi wanted to know the real answer or if this was a trick question. Say the wrong thing and get sliced into thin pieces. ”I- eh…””Look I’m not gonna shoot you so stop wriggling in your seat and calm the fuck down, alright?” Yoongi’s intense eyes that looked back at Jimin made the younger boy panic even though the older had told him not to.Had he actually insulted Yoongi? Would he have to watch his back every time he left his house now, just in case Yoongi would come back with an oversized sword and want revenge? ”I didn’t-” ”Ah fuck off, you did. Stop wriggling around, it’s annoying as shit. I’m trying real hard to just let my time pass without punching someone in the face so if I were you I’d stop that now.” Jimin couldn’t believe his ears. Was Yoongi an actual living person? He talked like someone straight out of a book and it scared the living shit out of him. Was Yoongi actually on the brink of punching Jimin in the face? Was he that easily pissed off? Jimin just forced a nervous smile at his desk buddy, who glanced at him, looking extremely unimpressed. But the realization of Yoongi’s inability to hurt him slowly dawned on the younger boy, seeing how it was detention and Mr. Kim was in the room, probably within ear shot. Jimin was safe, and even though he might be a careful boy otherwise, seeing Yoongi taking up more and more space, looking more and more pissed made him feel as if he should speak up. ”Well, you can’t really punch me if you don’t wanna spend even more time in here, so I’m just gonna take my chances and move however much I like.” Yoongi scoffed, but he knew the boy was right. If he wanted to not get expelled, punching someone’s face in was a bad way to go. Why couldn’t the boy just listen to Yoongi and stop being annoying, why did he have to be one of those smartasses who just had to bitch about something? Bossing around would’ve been so much easier if he could just shut up and listen. ”Look, fuck face, I get that you wanna be smart with me because I’m so evidently good looking and I have this bad boy persona that turns you on but I’m 100% not in the mood to fuck with you right now.” Jimin lost his voice. He was now certain the boy beside him wasn’t an actual human being, but a character taken straight out of a book. Bad boy persona? Evidently good looking? Who was he? ”I don’t-” The piercing look Yoongi shot him stopped him from continuing the sentence. He was actually the most confusing and scary person Jimin had ever met and the thought of having to spend more than an hour, every day in two weeks with him made him feel dizzy. When Mr. Kim finally told them it was okay to leave, Yoongi shot out of there like a lightning. Jimin, however, took a little more time to collect himself. Detention had already seemed scary, but now it seemed threatening. Should he just leave the country? Jimin thought of a billion ways to avoid Yoongi on his way home, actively ignoring the thought of facing his parents again. Yoongi may have been scary, but his parents were heart breaking and Jimin preferred being scared over being sad. Jimin didn’t tell his friends about the incident with Yoongi. When Taehyung shot him comments, he took them with a smile and a promise to do better next time. Jimin didn’t want trouble. He wanted to be happy and he wanted his friends to be happy and the best way to ensure that was to let Taehyung do his thing and not complain. He told his ordinary bad jokes and laughed as Jungkook threatened to slap him into oblivion because of it. When Taehyung told them about a senior he had talked with that seemed to be nice, Jimin wooed and suggested he should buy condoms to keep in his bag just in case. At this, Taehyung snorted a laughter, seeing how he had only talked to the senior a few times. Jimin’s writing went fine, he kept his sleeping schedule and stayed awake through the night and in school he kind of understood what he was supposed to do after studying with Taehyung. Jimin, in general, felt pretty good. Of course, his parents still didn’t talk to him and detention was hanging over his head like a gray cloud of worry but it all seemed so very small compared to the good stuff that seemed to be going on. He felt happy as his eye lids grew heavier by the second, knowing he was doing the right thing. He felt even happier when he just a few hours later fell asleep, because even though he avoided it, sleeping really was amazing after a long day. He never remembered his dreams though. It made him feel a little bit sad, but he wasn't going to complain, he figured he kind of owed the dream masters (or whatever almighty being took care of his dreams) that. He passed by his mother on his way to the bathroom. She walked passed him, not even glancing at her son. Time had passed since he became a stranger in his own house but it still stung in his chest every time he realized he had forgotten how his mother’s voice sounded like, or the feel of her hug or the taste of her food. He hadn’t eaten at the kitchen table since it all stopped. Hell, he had barely eaten at all. His mother didn’t care. His father sometimes looked at Jimin when he thought his son couldn’t see, but he could see and it broke his heart. Walking to school went quickly if you occupied yourself with thoughts, and that was exactly what Jimin was doing. He thought about how his friends didn’t know this was going on. They knew the Park family had had a little ”falling out” but Jimin had never told them about the actual neglect that was going on. It wouldn’t matter, he told himself once again, they wouldn’t be able to do anything about it. They could tell Jimin that it was too bad, maybe swear at little with him, but that wouldn’t actually do anything about the problem that Jimin wanted to solve. He locked eyes with his youngest friend and burst into a genuine smile when he walked into the classroom that morning, and it made him immediately feel it was going to be a good day. He sat down beside Taehyung who was in the middle of writing something in a notebook and turned around in his seat to face Jungkook. ”How you feeling today?” Jungkook had, the night before, explained to his two friends that he was feeling worse and like he was going down hill yet again. Despite this, he looked happy and smiled in response to the older friend’s question. ”I’m fine. Finer. I guess.” Jimin just nodded and hummed in agreement. ”If there’s something you wanna talk about, we’re here.” He pointed his thumb back to Taehyung, who still seemed to not listen. ”Doesn’t matter if it’s at 3pm or 3am.” ”Thanks.” Jungkook leaned back into his chair, biting on his thumbnail. ”You too, I guess. Although I’m not really awake at 3am.” Jimin snorted a soft laughter and turned around in his chair when he saw the teacher entered, just looking back for a second to finish the conversation. ”Yeah, me neither.”   It was at lunch time, when Jimin was in the middle of telling his friends yet again about one of his dreams, that an older boy walked up to them. Taehyung shot out of his seat, flushing red with a wide smile almost plastered to his face the second he recognized him, while Jimin and Jungkook still sat like two big question marks, wondering who it was. Taehyung didn’t introduce the strangers to each other, so they were left that way through the whole encounter. ”No, of course I’ll go to dance practice! You won’t be able to keep me away.” Taehyung laughed. The boy also laughed. They both laughed. The two friends who were kept to the side didn’t. They just glanced at each other, eyebrows raised. The older boy nodded and, finally, noticed the two friends he didn’t know. He smiled at them as if he’d known them forever. ”I’m Hoseok.” The two friends eyed him up and down then slowly turned their eyes to Taehyung, still confused. Taehyung cleared his throat and then gestured to his two friends as if he was presenting someone with an underwhelming prize. ”Well, that child over there is Jungkook, and the guy looking as if he just woke up from a coma is Jimin. They’re my friends.” Jimin scoffed while Jungkook just avoided Hoseok’s eyes. It didn’t seem as if he even noticed. ”Nice to meet you guys!” Jimin felt as if he should squint, Hoseok was basically a sun with how much he was beaming. He turned to Taehyung once again. ”So, Taetae, I’m gonna go. I’ll see you after school then?” Taehyung nodded eagerly, the faint blush once again appearing as Hoseok pet his head. Jimin glanced at Jungkook who seemed to try and hold back his laughter. The second the senior was out of ear shot he let it go, his laugh bubbly and light. ”Oh jesus, Taetae? He calls you Taetae?” Jimin joined his friend laughing because yes, that was a stupid name. When Taehyung sank down in his seat again and hid his face in his hands, Jungkook pet his head as the senior had done. ”You like this then?” Taehyung smacked his friend’s hand away, raising his own to flip him off. Jimin leaned back in his chair, watching how Taehyung’s breathing calmed down. ”You’re so fucking whipped, Tae.” Finally he looked up, his cheeks flushed red. ”Look, I can’t help it. I can’t help he’s nicer than any of you’ve ever been.” The two friends scoffed simultaneously, both faces breaking into wide grins. ”Yeah, and we love you too. Now go and get a piece of that ass or something.” Jungkook nodded, raising his finger to point at his friend with a stern look on his face. ”But don’t you dare give me any juicy details.” To that, the oldest friend also nodded, lightly slamming his fist on the table. ”And use protection!” Taehyung once again buried his face in his hands, saying something that just came out as a muffle. When they asked him to repeat himself, he looked up at them with a big frown on his still vaguely flushed face and eyes who screamed of murder. ”Ah, fuck off.”   ”You go Jimin! We’re praying for you!” Jungkook raised his hand, pumping it towards the sky, starting to chant his friend’s name.  ”Yeah, fuck detention, soon it’s over and then you’ll be free! You can do this!” Taehyung gave his friend a few pats on the back. ”When you’re done and home, call us. If something happens or if Yoongi does anything, just run outta there okay don’t give a shit about Mr. Kim or whatever just haul your ass outta there.” Jimin frowned, looking back at his friend. ”Look Yoongi might be scary but he’s not gonna kill me in detention, I think, and I’m just gonna sit tight and wait for it to be over.” They were all standing in front of the door, his two friends had followed him down to give him a small pep talk before the oh so long detention started. Jimin smiled vaguely before putting his hand on the doorknob, turning it to squeeze in through the opening. Yoongi sat on his ordinary seat next to Jimin, observing him closely as he made his way down the classroom, looking as tired as ever. Jimin wanted to turn around and run out of the badly lit room, all the way home and hide under his covers, however he just sat down and put up his books on the desk. He heard Yoongi inhaling and then he started talking. ”Why do you always take up your books when you barely even look at them?” Jimin nearly screamed, barely holding it back. The sound he made was more like a high pitched squirm. He quickly tried to collect himself and avoided to think about how he had just squirmed in front of Yoongi and made a try to look at the boy sitting next to him. He looked away almost immediately. ”Well, you see, I’m here to study, so I should do that y’know?” What bullshit, Jimin thought as he saw Yoongi looking at him, frowning. ”But you’re not. You spend the whole detention staring at the clock. You think you’re gonna get shit done when all you do is wait for time to pass?” He chewed slowly (probably on some gum) and turned his eyes away from his desk partner. ”At least I don’t stare at people for an hour and a half because I’m bored.” He said it as if it was a question, eyebrow raised, looking at the boy beside him even though he didn’t look at him back, but rather stared at the board in the front of the classroom. Yoongi suddenly turned his head, making Jimin flinch in surprise. He looked at the younger, crossing his arms. ”Because you’re so handsome, obviously.” Jimin felt tongue tied, every single word forgotten. Handsome? Jimin mentally shook his head, smacking his tongue. But his body could barely move, and certainly not form sounds except for maybe squirming. ”I- eh.” He couldn’t get far, Yoongi cut him off pretty quickly. ”Jesus, I’m kidding. You’re just easy to make uncomfortable. I don’t actually think you’re handsome, so calm down.” He brought his hands down to his pockets, not looking away from his younger desk partner. His younger desk partner, in return, scoffed and crossed his arms. ”You actually had me there. Not fair.” Yoongi laughed, but it didn’t sound genuine to Jimin. ”Well that’s just sad. Don’t take things strangers say seriously, kid.” Jimin shrugged, feeling himself easing up a little which he tried to stop, but with no success. ”Well, if it’s a compliment I’m sure as hell gonna take it seriously I’m in grave need of those.” His older desk partner simply scoffed and looked away, face and eyes almost impossible for Jimin to read. Had he upset him? Jimin wasn’t scared of getting killed anymore but he was still pretty afraid he would go mysteriously missing so he wasn’t going to try and upset Yoongi.   Jimin stared at the clock, watching it ticking closer and closer to half past five. Just thirty minutes left, he thought as excitement bubbled in his stomach, he was counting down the seconds, thinking it would somehow make time go faster. It was at seventeen seconds past two minutes past five that Yoongi once again spoke up. ”The problem you’re stuck on. I know the answer.” Jimin jumped in surprise at his low voice and quickly looked up at the elder’s face to see if he was serious. He was. He gathered his thoughts and held the eye contact between them, clearing his throat so he wouldn’t sound like a twelve year old boy. ”Ehm, okay. I don’t.” He once again talked as if he was asking a question. ”How do you know it?” Yoongi sighed and scooted closer to Jimin so he could see the book better. Jimin didn’t mention it. ”Because I’m not dumb and I know math.” He pointed his finger at the text, telling Jimin to read. He didn’t. Yoongi, once again, sighed (although it sounded more like a grunt) and read the question, following the words with his finger as he talked. When Jimin didn’t immediately tell him the answer to the question, he started explaining how to think and what happened when you did what and why. Jimin barely understood. ”So. You get it now? When you do as I’ve told you, what do you get?” The younger of the two just looked up at the older, hands fiddling in his knees and a frown on his face. ”Well, eh, five? Seven?” Yoongi’s eyes told him he was wrong and he immediately hung his head, looking down at the floor. ”I don’t know, okay? I don’t get it at all.” Jimin heard a low sigh from somewhere above him and then he felt a poke in his shoulder. ”Okay, we’ll go through it again. Slower this time. It’s gonna be fine.” And they did. Yoongi went through the easier problems that Jimin knew how to solve and applied the same logic to the tougher ones, slowly making Jimin understand more and more, although they were both sure he wouldn’t survive the toughest problems. When Jimin had successfully answered a question, Yoongi smiled. It was weird seeing Yoongi smile, the younger thought to himself as the older skimmed through the book, looking for some more problems for Jimin to solve. The scary Yoongi had disappeared without them even noticing and now they sat close to each other, doing math. Jimin wasn’t sure if he liked the change, though it was nice to not be afraid anymore. ”Here, I found one.” Jimin watched as Yoongi turned up the page, laying the book once again on the desk. ”You should solve this one pretty easily.” However, Jimin didn’t get his chance to even look at the question when Mrs. Lee told them to pack up their stuff and leave. Yoongi shot Jimin a look before getting out of his seat. Jimin didn’t get up as quickly. ”C’mon, you’re gonna stay here and do math? Mrs. Lee’s gonna lock you in if you do.” Jimin shrugged and slowly left his seat and collected his books to quickly shuffle them into his bag. Yoongi didn’t leave but closely watched Jimin in action. ”Don’t tell anyone ’bout this, aight? No one knows I do math or something like that, so keep this in between us.” He nodded lazily and thanked his senior for the help. ”Yea, no problem.” Then he disappeared, leaving a confused and dizzy Jimin behind. Who even was Yoongi? When Jimin’s friends asked him how detention went, he told them it was as boring and scary as always, that Yoongi had sat quiet through the whole thing. He knew telling his friends would be a suicide mission because he knew all the questions that would follow. ’Did he touch you?’ or ’Remember to use protection!’ and Jimin was simply not up for that right now. He was extremely confused, he spent his night thinking about it. Did Yoongi want something? Was that why he was so nice to Jimin? Or did he feel lonely and knew Jimin probably wouldn’t put up a fight with him in fear of getting beat up? Was he simply just a nice person? Jimin didn’t know. He was sure pressuring an answer to come wasn’t the right way and that he was probably too worried about Yoongi’s intentions and detention the next day would surely go the same as it always had, silent and awkward. Or would they really be able to go back to not talking after this?   ”Yo, Jimin, wait up!” The familiar voice made Jimin stop in his tracks and whirl around, looking for the owner. And there he was, quickly making his way through the crowded halls. Jimin shouldn’t stop, really, he was nearly late for class after oversleeping but he figured that right now he could risk it. He waited patiently until the older boy was finally standing in front of him, looking down slightly. They began walking so they wouldn’t block up the corridor. ”So I heard you got detention.”
Jimin turned his head to look up at the senior with both eyebrows raised. ”How do you know about that?”

”Well, Youngbae’s also in detention and he saw you there so he told me. Is it true you’re sitting with Min Yoongi?” The mention of Yoongi made Jimin’s tongue tie so he just nodded in response. Jiyong smacked his tongue and slowly shook his head. ”Y’know, Min Yoongi is just trouble. I know I may not have the right to say so, since we haven’t talked for so long, but you really should stay away. Bad company is the last thing you need now, right?”
 Jimin didn’t ask what he meant and continued nodding as an answer. Jiyong kept on talking, Jimin listened carefully to every word he uttered. ”He moved here a couple of years ago, sometime in middle school. Befriended some nice guys, not sure how he turned out like this though. Don’t know much about it.” Jimin nodded to his words as he imagined Yoongi in middle school, but seeing the clock in the far end of the corridor made him realize he should probably get moving.
”It was really nice talking to you but I need to go to class.” Jimin propped up his back pack on his shoulder, mentally cursing at himself for caring too much about school.

Jiyong nodded and smiled faintly. ”Well, you have my number right? So if you ever wanna catch up or just like go watch a movie, hit me up.”

Jimin stopped walking, and stared at his senior, immediately forgetting every word he’s ever learned and also how to use them. Number? Catch up? Jimin didn’t know how much time consisting of staring had passed when he finally found his voice. ”Well- eh, no? I don’t think so.” Nice, Jimin thought as he mentally hit himself in the head, not knowing how to speak is such an attractive trait, now you’ve finally got him!
Jiyong spent no time thinking but fished up his phone and asked Jimin for his number, which he, after a few minutes to think, told him. ”I’ll hit you up, then.” He said, smile still present. Then they stood for a few seconds looking at each other not knowing what to say or do before Jimin escaped the scene, probably looking extremely lost as he navigated the school, looking for his classroom.  When he finally entered the right room (he had probably opened at least six wrong doors) he slumped down in his seat, not even bothering to answer the teacher’s questions. He would have a lot of explaining to do once class was over, seeing how his friends were already passing notes, asking what had happened. He just looked at them and shrugged because really, he had no idea.   ”So what, Jiyong, a dude you haven’t spoken with for like decades, just comes up to you and gives you advice on other guys? I mean, he was right about Yoongi, but catching up, watch a movie? Does he think you’re still best friends?” Taehyung talked quietly, not wanting anyone else to hear his friend’s problems since there were people all around. Talking about these kinds of things in the cafeteria, he realized, was probably not a good idea. Jimin shrugged and pressed a little more rice into his mouth so he wouldn’t have to talk in a while. Jungkook instead took his place. ”Yea but I don’t really see the problem. He wasn’t coming onto Jimin and he wasn’t rude. Jiyong probably just wanted to give him a lil piece of advice and then realized holy shit he’s still really nice and I wanna be friends.” Both Jimin and Taehyung grunted at this, but for different reasons. Jimin because he was tired of hearing his friends talk about his problems, Taehyung because Jungkook didn’t see the big picture. ”Jungkook, look. Jiyong might have good intentions, I don’t know, but don’t you think it’s a bit weird that he comes now, after like ten years, and suddenly wanna catch up?” ”No, Tae, that’s just you having trust issues.” Jimin sat up straight and looked at his two friends, voice low and tired. ”He’s probably just nice. And there’s nothing I can do about it now, he’s got my number and I don’t have his. We’ll just have to wait and see what happens.” Taehyung was in the middle of saying something, but was interrupted by a low buzz from Jimin’s phone. Jimin reached to grab it but Jungkook was quicker and stole it before anyone could stop him. He read slowly before passing the phone to Taehyung, who frowned at what he read. Jimin almost jumped in his chair, demanding to know what they were reading. After what felt like an eternity Taehyung gave him the phone and he quickly grabbed it to read the message. He had to reread it a few times before it sank into him what he had gotten. [Unknown]: Got number from friend, heard you deal some stuff. Jimin looked up at his friends for help, and they just stared at him back in silence. ”What should I do?” Taehyung shrugged and for the first time ever he looked like he didn’t have anything to say. Jungkook just fiddled with his hands in his lap. None of them said anything. ”Guys? Help me.” ”Well, we don’t know, do we? Maybe it’s a real person looking for drugs or whatever or it’s just Jiyong messing around.” Jimin looked at his friend with an eyebrow raised, telling him to go on. Taehyung cleared his throat and continued. ”I mean, isn’t it a bit weird that you’re getting that text just a few hours after you gave him his number?”  Jimin nodded, slowly realizing that it was probably just Jiyong messing around. ”Yea, you’re right. It is weird. Should I just play along? Pretend to be a dealer and not just ruin the joke?” Both of his friends nodded at this, worried faces once again gone and replaced with excited ones. Jimin looked down at his phone and began typing, imagining Jiyong’s face and reaction. [Jimin]: Yeah, I do. What do you want and what’s your name, kid? His friends, who all approved of the message, wooed at Jimin’s use of the word kid, because Jiyong was a year older and none of them were sure if he was going to call the younger out for being disrespectful. They didn’t have to wait long until two new texts came along, but this time Jimin was the first to read them. He stared at them in shock, unsure of how to react. His friends, who grew worried at Jimin’s lack of reaction, grabbed the phone out of his hands and read together. The table grew silent, they were barely even breathing. Jimin replayed the messages in his head. How, Jimin wondered, was that even possible? What had happened? How had it happened? His friends gave his phone back, both of them staring at their oldest friend as if he knew what to do. He didn’t. Jimin just reread the two small sentences like it would change that. [Unknown]: Just some alcohol, I’ll get back to you with details later so save my number.  [Unknown]: Oh and the name’s Yoongi.



Chapter End Notes
now things are starting to happen and im starting to get lazier and lazier so the breaks between chapters will probably get longer sorry about that im just rly tired and sadits good things are starting to happen tho bc maybe then ill have more motivation to write idk also my ex started writing with me again so im pretty ??? and i have no idea what to do anymore and my anxiety is getting w o r s e pray for me childrenur probably older than me tbh im a child but yea this tha new chapta i hope u liked it was basically just yoongi tbh not writing about yoongi is pretty boring so i cant imagine what reading w/o him is like so yea here u go  (also maybe this chapter sucked but i just need to upload by now not uploading makes me anxious and sad)dont forget about me when i dont upload ok love u all ill see u in the next chapter


area of a circle
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




”That’s actually a really stupid way to contact a dealer.” Namjoon didn’t look up from his book but his voice made it clear that he wasn’t exactly pleased with the way Yoongi had handled things. Yoongi just shrugged and flipped another page to continue reading. Jin, who had been quiet this whole time, nodded and sat up straight in his chair to look at his friend.

”I agree, what if that hadn’t been the dealer and you’d tell a stranger you’re looking for one? That wouldn’t be very good.” Jin’s eyes met Yoongi’s and forced a smile at his friend as if to calm him.

He was already calm. In fact, he was calmer than ever before seeing how he had actually gotten a dealer now, and didn’t have to steal from his parents. He threw his head back and let out a small, frustrated grunt. ”Yeah sure, but that isn’t the case. The dude was what I was told he’d be.” Neither of his friends seemed to buy his words, so he took a deep breath and directed his eyes at them again. ”I get that you’re worried but it’s cool. He’ll save my number and I’ll contact him when I know how much we need.”

Namjoon finally looked up from his book (Yoongi was sure he hadn’t even been reading, but he wasn’t going to mention it) and made sure to put in a book mark before closing it with a sigh. ”How do you even know it’s a guy? You don’t know anything about this person except their number.” Yoongi was quick to point out that they also know he deals stuff, which Namjoon just waved away with his hand and another reminder that he could be lying.

”He could be a 60 year old man, waiting for you to pick up this alcohol and then jump on you when you’re not prepared.” Jin’s face broke into a grin and the stiff atmosphere seemed to already fade.

”Maybe he’ll lure me into his van with candy.”

”Or with alcohol.” Namjoon shoved the books into his bag, shooting his older friends looks telling them to do the same. They did. Soon they were out of the library and on their way to class, not really caring whether they’re in time or not.

When they arrived and the teacher didn’t pay any more attention to them, they continued talking. Namjoon was the first to speak up. ”Has he said anything more?”

Yoongi shook his head no and answered a question in his book. Jin asked if that was a good thing or not. Yoongi shrugged. He wasn’t sure if the dealer’s silence even meant something at all. Overanalyzing a stranger’s behavior seemed like a waste of time and so he didn’t think much of it, he had better stuff to do. He then looked up from his book and met the eyes of his older friend and raised an eyebrow. ”How much do we need?”

Jin, in return, also raised an eyebrow. Namjoon, who sat at the desk on the other side of Jin, leaned over so he could meet his older friend’s eyes. He too didn’t seem to know how much they would need. ”It should last for at least a while, right? I don’t know, dude, you’re the one with the dealer. Just buy a lot.”

Yoongi shrugged and sneaked out his phone from his back pocket. He shouldn’t use it, he was in class and it could very well be confiscated but they were in the back of the classroom, the teacher was occupied with another student, he didn’t really care. He started typing and within seconds he had fired away a text. Then he turned his focus onto his friends again and listened to whatever conversation they were having, not really bothering to do the school work that needed to be done.

Yoongi had never liked big crowds. Not any crowds for that matter. This meant that walking through the cramped corridor was extremely nerve-wracking, and he always tried his best to focus on something else. Like the clock far away, or the sound of his footsteps or his friend’s talking. Whatever he could focus on that stole his focus from the narrow halls and loud people was a blessing. As he now walked alone (his friends preferred to stay inside the classroom and didn’t want to follow him to the teacher’s office) he did his best to find something to occupy his thoughts with. As if his prayers had been heard, he managed to overhear a conversation from someone walking close to him.

”You need to stop feeling so sorry about yourself.” The words were spat out with no sympathy left for the receiver. Yoongi couldn’t trace who it was that was talking, but probably someone nearby. The listener stayed quiet, or maybe he whispered something, Yoongi wasn’t sure. ”No, Jimin, you’re feeling sorry for yourself. I get that you have it tough but we all do and you’re honestly acting as if you’re the only one struggling right now.”

The conversation had grabbed all his attention by now, he was thankful for the people having it for helping him out with such an enjoyable overhearing. Yoongi had however hoped the other end of the talk would actually, well, talk. He had stayed quiet the whole time, which Yoongi couldn’t really understand. If he had been the one to have to stand those words he’d get angry. Then again, maybe the other guy deserved it.

”I’m sorry.”

Yoongi nearly stopped. He knew that voice, it was the scared dude from detention, the one with the gray hair and squinty eyes. He now put even more effort into hearing the words being uttered while at the same time try to localize where they were.

”I know, you say that all the time. Don’t apologize for things you’re not sorry for.” Now curiosity was bubbling in Yoongi’s stomach. What had this guy done? Was the scaredy cat actually not that afraid at all?

”But I am sorry. I know you have much on your plate right now and I’m sorry I bothered you. I really am, Tae. I’m sorry.” The pleading in Jimin’s (Yoongi felt weird now knowing the boy’s name) voice made his heart sink. He recognized it. He had sounded like that once.

The friend (Tae, Yoongi assumed) sighed loud and clear, probably rolled his eyes too. ”Yea. It’s cool. Don’t do it again though.” To this, Jimin laughed. He had a weird laugh. It was very… bubbly. Yoongi hadn’t ever heard something like it before.
Then, in the corner of his eye he caught something gray, and immediately his eyes turned that way. Jimin was walking almost beside Yoongi, just a few people separating them. He was smiling, looking up at his friend with his crescent-like eyes and so much love, while his friend looked down at him with a frown plastered onto his face, almost disapproving. Yoongi wondered what had happened for him to be so angry with a guy as anxious and worried as Jimin, and if his desk partner was actually at fault or if he simply got the blame.

Yoongi shrugged at his thoughts and rounded a corner, separating himself from the two who's conversation had acted as entertainment and entered the teacher’s office. His teacher looked up and met his eyes, furrowing his brows at his student. Yoongi sighed.

”So, we have talked to your parents, and we have all agreed on your punishment.” Yoongi had gotten a temporary judgement, one month in detention. He was told it wasn’t the final call and that it could be shortened or increased- probably so he would behave to shorten it. He didn’t. ”Since you haven’t straightened up your act we have decided to make it two extra months.” Yoongi scoffed, avoiding his teacher’s eyes. He sighed as he continued. ”We’re being nice here, Yoongi. We could suspend you, even expel you. But we’re not going to, because of your achievements in school. Consider yourself lucky.”

”Two months in detention, oh yeah. Lucky.” 

The teacher just waved his hand as he explained it was for Yoongi’s best and detention was going to set him on the right path. Yoongi, in return, asked if he could leave. He was sent away with disappointment playing behind his eyes and newly placed stones weighing down his shoulders. He didn’t consider anything that had happened the last few weeks luck, so this shouldn’t really come as a surprise to him. Of course he was going to get extra months of detention- that was his luck.
He tried to hide his thoughts and feelings as he walked down the corridor, noticing how people unconsciously drew away from him. Or they just actively avoided him, Yoongi didn’t know. He slammed the door open to his classroom and slumped into his seat next to his friends in the back, who looked up from their phones in surprise.

”Well that was quick. What happened?” Namjoon put down his phone in his bag and leaned into his chair, getting ready to listen to his older friend who only scoffed and threw his head back. Yoongi angrily explained what their teacher had told him without looking away from the ceiling, his hands fiddling in his pockets.
Jin ran his hand through his hair, making it a pink mess. ”Two months? Isn’t that a bit much for only getting into a fight?”

Yoongi finally looked down, locking eyes with his friend who noticed not just the anger that darkened them but also the desperation and sadness dancing behind them. He shrugged. ”He told me something about not straightening my act and since I’ve ”done so much already” they can’t just go easy on me or something. He said I should be happy.”

Namjoon clicked with his pen as he thought. He knew that maybe Yoongi deserved it, because he had been pretty troublesome and getting into a fight was serious but he was sure that two extra months was an overkill, especially since the guy he had fought only got told off and then let go. ”Well, it could be worse. You could’ve gotten expelled.”

Jin nodded as he tore his eyes from Namjoon to Yoongi again. ”Yeah, and why didn’t you get expelled? You have done a whole lot but you’ve never gotten expelled.”

Yoongi waved his hand in a circular motion as if it wasn’t a big deal. ”Yeah but apparently I’m such an achievement that the school doesn’t want to expel me.” His friends laughed at this, making him frown. ”You saying I’m not an achievement?”

His older friend paused from laughing only to stare at him with a serious look painted onto his face, patting him on the shoulder. ”You’re lucky you have Namjoon to help you.” This only caused the two friends to laugh even more, eventually dragging Yoongi into it too.

”You’re seriously the dickiest friends ever.”

Namjoon beamed at his older friend, his face breaking into a wide grin. ”Yeah, well, that’s why you love us. Because you’re a dick too.” Yoongi didn’t have time to answer before the door opened and the teacher stepped inside, looking as if the world was going to an end. Yoongi figured it was because it was the end of the week, or the teacher was simply just suicidal- he had never seen her smile. He only shot his friends one last look before she cleared her throat and told the class to turn to page 34.

It was sometime during the way too long class that Jin had told one of his bad jokes (something about cats and water rockets) and instead of ignoring him and tell him to shut up, Namjoon simply laughed and repeated how that was a good one. Jin had, of course, loved the sudden change in his friend’s behavior and told another joke, getting another laugh out of him. Yoongi hadn’t mentioned it, but the 180° flip was obvious and he was left wondering what it was about.

Jin asked Namjoon for help (this wasn’t very strange, Namjoon was after all the best student in class) and Namjoon had leaned closer, reading and laughing. He had even put his hand on Jin’s shoulder at one point, and Jin had looked back at him and smiled. Yoongi later noticed how Jin would glance at their youngest friend when he was focused on the teacher talking and how he would whip his head away the second Namjoon turned to say something. Yoongi had no idea what was going on and certainly didn’t know if he should do something, and if so, what? Should he ask? 

He decided he would let the matter rest for the day. Asking now would make it uncomfortable for every party involved, and if his friends weren’t aware of the other’s behavior then he didn’t want to be the one to crack it to them. He watched in silence as his friends looked and laughed and glanced, trying his best to not point it out or make it obvious that he was aware.

Yoongi found himself once again being early to detention. Jimin hadn’t shown up yet which made him feel more at ease. He didn’t want the younger to be there, it didn’t feel right. Jimin seemed, to Yoongi, like the kind of guy who shied away from causing any kind of trouble. Yet, here he was, in detention. Why? What had made that scared mess of a person get detention?

They locked eyes as Jimin walked in-between desks to get to his seat beside Yoongi. He didn’t seem as afraid anymore. He didn’t frown as Yoongi followed his movements and he didn’t break eye contact as soon as possible but held it firmly. It seemed as if he tried to smile at his desk partner but regretted it at the last second, which Yoongi was thankful for. He didn’t want to have to smile back.

Jimin picked up his books as usual and as usual, he didn’t even look at them. Maybe he wanted Yoongi to say something like last time, maybe he just didn’t want to think about school. He stared at the clock as if he was pleading it to go faster which it of course didn’t. It moved in its usual, slow speed, ticking away one second at a time. While Jimin wasn’t afraid of getting strangled anymore he still thought of detention as an enormous waste of time and so he wanted it to be over and done with as soon as possible, especially now that it was Friday.

”You need help with that?” Yoongi’s voice was raspy, as if he hadn’t used it for a week. He had used it though, and Jimin wondered if he had sounded like that earlier when they talked or if that was something new. Yoongi nodded at Jimin’s schoolwork, still holding the eye contact. Jimin managed a smile.

”I guess.” He said it as if it was a question which Yoongi had noticed often happened. It was like Jimin was uncertain all the time, and Yoongi thought how maybe it was because of his friends that he was so insecure, but decided not to think about it. It wasn’t his business to care.

Yoongi shrugged and once again scooted closer to his desk partner. ”It’s actually pretty simple.” He then proceeded with explaining, talking slowly so Jimin could follow everything. It took a while for it to get into his head and stay there but when it did, he couldn’t be happier.

”Jesus, thank you. I never thought I’d be able to understand that.” Yoongi just nodded at this and smiled weakly before getting back to his ordinary seat. He didn’t say anything more after that. Jimin  wasn’t sure if that was good or not. Maybe he actually wanted to talk to his senior, maybe he was just bored. He shrugged to himself before taking a deep breath, mentally preparing himself for the next hour. ”Why are you here?”

Yoongi glanced at him and raised an eyebrow, probably asking himself why they were talking again. ”Why are you asking?” The younger desk partner seemed to almost crawl into himself at the response, and while it wasn’t like Yoongi actually cared about the boy, he also didn’t want to have to deal with his scared mess again so he’d rather have a talking (slightly annoying) desk partner than a frightened one. He sighed before continuing. ”I got into a fight. And you? What are you in for?”

Jimin broke out into a smile, almost lighting up the whole room. His words, however, were heavy and dripping of disappointment. ”I overslept. Well, oversleep. Makes me miss too much work.”

It made sense now. Of course Jimin wasn’t in for smoking or fighting or disturbing class. He was in for sleeping. Yoongi mentally rolled his eyes. How much did he sleep per night then? Twelve hours? ”You must get a whole lot of sleep then.”

Jimin laughed, leaning back into his chair. He looked relaxed but his hands were fiddling and his foot lightly tapped the floor, which informed Yoongi that it was simply just a front he put up (it made him yet again think of that Tae guy). ”Yeah, loads.”

”Then maybe you should do your work so you get out of here? I presume they’re going to let you go when you get back on track, so why aren’t you?”

Jimin answered with a shrug. ”Maybe you should help then, because I don’t understand 90% of the things that I learn.”

Yoongi looked at him with his arms crossed and his face relaxed, almost impossible to read. He shook his head. ”Nah, not my fault you’re lazy.” None of them wanted to break the eye contact, after holding it for so long it seemed like almost a challenge. Jimin didn't take the answer very well, his eyes trailed down to the floor and the smile that had previously almost been painted onto his face was fading quickly. Yoongi sighed (mentally, he didn't want the boy beside him to cry) and nodded towards the younger’s books, of course making sure his attention didn’t trail away from Jimin. ”Answer the next question and I’ll consider it.”

The following twenty minutes were spent in dead silence as Jimin’s mind raced to find the desired answer. Of course he wanted Yoongi’s help, he was the only one who could actually help him understand. He scratched his head as he thought, almost as if his scalp would show him the solution if he only clawed at it hard enough. Yoongi watched closely as he saw the younger boy write something down and immediately erase it, smiling to himself when he noticed Jimin was getting closer and closer to writing the answer- he was proud of himself having taught the seemingly pretty thick boy math. However this meant that if Jimin wrote down the right answer, the rest of detention would be spent doing math and that wasn’t something Yoongi looked forward to.

”I think I’m done.” Jimin looked up at his elder with hope glowing in his eyes, his eyebrows raised in anticipation. Something sank in Yoongi’s chest the second he saw the younger had written down the wrong answer, realizing that the boy had failed near the end. Probably a mistake, he thought as he leaned over the book to see more clearly. He noticed the small doodles in the corner of the page and held back a laugh. Was that why it had taken such a long time? Yoongi cleared his throat and sat up straight, looking at his desk partner seriously as he considered what he should say.

He quickly decided (noting to himself how he would probably regret this later) and nodded. ”Seems about right.” Warmth spread in his stomach as Jimin almost jumped out of his chair in a cheerful mix of surprise and happiness, making the badly lit room light up like the sun. If Yoongi was someone else Jimin would’ve probably hugged him- but Yoongi was Yoongi so he simply bowed his head in respect and gratefulness, repeating his thanks until Yoongi had to tell him to stop. ”Now I’m gonna consider whether or not I want to teach you, ’kay? Nothing’s decided yet, kid. Don’t sprain anything.”

Jimin forced himself to calm down, looking up at the boy who’s number now was saved in Jimin’s phone. He had received his text message from earlier but instead of opening it and read, he turned off his phone and tried to forget about it. Sitting like this and talking to him made that almost impossible. He wondered if this was the right time to bring it up, how Yoongi would react and if everything would be ruined, but his thinking tracks were brought to a halt by Mr. Kim who told them to calm down.

Yoongi glared at the teacher, as if telling him to jump out of a window. The stare sent shivers down Jimin’s spine and he prayed to every god he could think of that he would never have to be on the receiving end of it- he was sure he’d drop dead after a second. ”Eh, Yoongi?” The sound of his own name made Yoongi swirl his head around to once again focus on his desk partner. ”Well, I have some more questions and I need to get this done before Monday so could you help for now at least?”

They looked at each other for a second, silence spreading once again between them as the older thought. ”Sure. But I’m not promising anything more than this.” Jimin’s smile that followed made Yoongi even more conflicted about what to do and if this should continue. He didn’t even know how long it would take, it was a possibility that his time would run out before Jimin understood everything and had caught up with the rest of his class. Promises made with strangers never end well.

Jimin was in the middle of solving another problem when Yoongi fished out his phone out of his pocket to see if the dealer had answered, and to his disappointment it was still dead silent. The man hadn’t even read the message. He sighed and shoved his phone back into his pocket, hoping that he would have an answer the next time he unlocked it. He looked over to his desk partner who was busy writing down the (wrong) answer. Yoongi only sighed and scooted closer. ”No, look, that’s not how you do it. First just calculate the area of the circle.” Silence spread and Jimin once again got to work. Yoongi held back a sigh when he saw that Jimin wasn’t calculating the area but rather the circumference.  ”Wait a second.” Jimin stopped writing and looked up at his elder, waiting for him to continue. ”Do you not know how to calculate the area of a circle?”

Jimin’s eyes trailed away, brows furrowed and corners of his mouth slowly sinking. Yoongi sighed. ”Dude, you learn this shit in like seventh grade how can you not know?” Jimin shrugged and the realization of it all dawned on Yoongi- he would have to reteach this boy about probably everything, and he was certain he had better thing to do with his time. As he explained area (he didn’t believe he actually had to) Jimin nodded along, his eyes bouncing between Yoongi and his textbook. He started writing once again and to Yoongi’s contentment he solved the rest of the questions without trouble, only once in a while asking for Yoongi’s help or advice.

”You said you’re here for fighting.” Yoongi looked up from his phone to meet his desk partner’s dark eyes and nodded. ”What was the fight about?”

He leaned forward to place his elbows on the desk and rested his chin in his palm, shrugging. ”Donno. Some bullshit I guess. Why’re you asking?”

Jimin shrugged and replicated the senior’s movements, also propping his elbows on his own desk without breaking the eye contact. It was something about the pair and eye contact, none of them wanted to break away. Jimin figured it was a kind of competition to Yoongi and he just rolled with it. ”Can’t a man be curious?”

Yoongi scoffed. ”You’re too small to be called a man.” Jimin raised an eyebrow and let his eyes trail over the senior’s body which made him visibly uncomfortable, as he asked the younger boy what he was doing. Jimin just looked up once again to lock their eyes.

”You can’t be much taller than me. Like a few inches probably. You’re as small as I am.”

A small, almost inaudible laugh left the senior as he turned his head. Jimin was of course right, Yoongi had noticed how he was only a little taller than his desk partner but he had hoped he wouldn’t notice. Apparently he did. ”I’m older than you though.”
”Doesn’t matter if you’re as tall as I am.”
”It matters.” Yoongi smiled to himself, almost shielding it with the hand he was resting his head on.

Jimin laughed, it was low and soaked in sarcasm. ”Oh, so you want me to call you hyung or something?” Yoongi had to stop himself from turning to the younger at the words. No one except his actual brothers had ever called him hyung.
”As if. We’re not friends.”

”So someday maybe I’ll get to call you hyung?”
Yoongi only let himself glance at the younger, who sat with his body turned to him and hands resting in his lap. He raised an eyebrow before once again focusing on the black board in the front of the classroom. ”Dream on, kid.”

A heavy silence spread between them before Jimin spoke up, his voice low so no one else in the room but Yoongi could hear. ”Yoongi hyung.” The two words caused the senior’s head to swirl around, finally staring at the one who had spoken them. Their eyes locked once again and the corner’s of Jimin’s mouth were pulled upwards into a grin- a sight unknown to Yoongi. Everything was pretty unknown to Yoongi though, seeing how Jimin was still very much a stranger. ”Call me Jimin.”

”Jesus, what is this? A bad drama? Just introduce yourself normally.” Yoongi’s mocking words who were meant to calm down the boy only had the opposite effect, whose smile widened.
He bowed his head slightly, eyes still fixed on his desk partner, his right hand lifting an invisible hat. ”The name’s Jimin. Park Jimin.”Yoongi threw his head back and groaned loudly. ”Oh my god.”



Chapter End Notes
hi hello im here hope u r 2also i am jimin w the math i always forget about the area and shit like that my friends (who r good @ math) h8 me in math class and i always ask them 4 help eheheh sorry guisoh and thx for all the support ive gotten its v nice it helps a lot if ur in a slump to see people enjoying what ur doing so like thxalso i know i say this all  the time and im sorrrryyyyyy but pls if uve got any tips or if i do anything bad u just gotta tell me ok plsthere was something more i wanted 2 say too i think im always like "yea im gonna say tHIS" then i forget yikes i guess ill tell u if i remember goodbye love u pls dont forget about me until next chapter(oH I REMEMBER NOW i was going 2 say that this probably wont be as long as i thought it would be and when i say long one might think i mean like 30 chapters but boiiiiiii i havent got the patience for that so maybe like 10 chapters more?? i doubt therell be more than 20 chapters lololol)(OH and im sick rn so feel sorry 4 me and all but that means ill have more time to write hm)(i cry every time i cough so that means i cry like all the time)(im not ok)(i promise)


it's probably a horse
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Detention that Friday felt short, Jimin didn’t even notice how the minutes ticked away since he was too busy talking with his desk partner. Yoongi also seemed to forget about the constant passing of time, although he didn’t want to admit it was because of Jimin but told himself that it’s rather because he was simply having a good day. Both of the boys however looked up in shock when Mr. Kim told them to leave- but Yoongi wasted no time to leave the room without waiting for Jimin who was packing up his stuff. Jimin scoffed as he threw his backpack over his shoulder and hurried to catch up with his senior.

”Hyung, wait up!” Jimin couldn’t help but wonder if Yoongi already started to regret talking to him, seeing the fast pace he was walking in, like he was fleeing.

He turned around and crossed his arms, his face twisted into a visible frown. ”Don’t call me that.”

Jimin shrugged and walked past Yoongi without looking back. He didn’t actually want to walk with his senior but simply wanted to tease him a bit. And he didn’t really want to call him hyung either but seeing Yoongi get so frustrated, well, it was simply too much fun to drop. ”Sure enough, hyung.” Jimin could hear a loud scoff but didn’t respond, simply ran down the last set of stairs and escaped the school, finally free for the weekend. He planned to sleep and write, and he couldn’t wait to get home. His parents were going away for the weekend (he had heard them whisper about it when he was going to the bathroom), which meant he had the whole house for himself. Jimin was going to blast his music on the highest volume, because no one could stop him.

Opening the front door and being met with silence wasn’t new to Jimin anymore, but this silence he was hit with was different. It was calm, relaxed. The silence he had been getting used to this last week was forceful and stiff, it was a sort of quiet that he wanted to escape from rather than bask in. He kicked off his shoes and let his jacket and backpack fall to the floor, not really caring about being tidy. He made his way to the kitchen and opened the fridge to see if there was anything quick he could eat. He found left overs that he had smelled his parents eating (but he never joined them of course) and rubbed his hands as he continued raiding.

Jimin heated up his food and then sat down in the couch, turning on the tv, pulling a fuzzy blanket over his legs so he would stop freezing. He noted to himself that he should start dressing better when went outside- just because his house was pretty close to school didn’t make March less unpredictably cold. He pushed some food into his mouth, paying attention to what was happening on the screen. It was some drama he hadn’t heard of before but he decided to continue watching, getting more and more into the story as time went on. In the end he had even forgotten about his food because he was yelling at the characters on the screen to talk and not just be so bothersome and angsty.

The episode was over and suddenly Jimin realized what he had been doing, getting way too into a show and even yell at the screen. He rubbed his neck, glad no one could actually see him, and changed channels, stumbling upon some reality show he had seen before and enjoyed so he let it go on. His phone buzzed but he barely noticed, being too focused on the action on the screen. It then buzzed again, grabbing his attention for interrupting during an important moment. He looked at it. Two new messages, all from Jungkook suggesting they should do something. Jimin shot away a short answer that he agreed and then continued watching the show.
When the phone buzzed again he assumed it was Taehyung also answering to Jungkook’s message, but looking at it proved him wrong. It was Yoongi. Jimin swallowed hard and made up his mind to stop ignoring the older boy and opened both messages he had gotten.  [Mistake]: We just need a few bottles, nothing much.  [Mistake]: When do you think you can get it? And how much will it cost?Jimin wanted to throw his phone at the wall but figured it probably wasn’t worth destroying it over Yoongi and simply shut it off and slammed it on the table, slowing down at the last second so he wouldn’t actually break it. He didn’t know what he should answer. Should he tell Yoongi that he had gotten the wrong number? That wouldn’t explain why Jimin had played along in the beginning. Should he say that he didn’t want to deal anymore? Would that seem too suspicious?
He picked up his phone once again and instead of answering Yoongi, he sent away a question on what to do to his group chat with Jungkook and Taehyung. They both answered fairly quickly.
[taenoturhyung]: tell him the truth, u cant let him continue like dis  [Kookie]: No, don’t tell him the truth, he will probably stab you  [taenoturhyung]: then at least hell get stabbed 4 being honest  [Chimie]: ur not helping like at all  [Kookie]: For real, you can’t tell him the truth he /will/ kill you  [taenoturhyung]: yo chill yoongi might even be de coolest d00d 2 ever exist  [Kookie]: If you were here I’d slap youJimin sighed to himself, almost dropping his phone as he received another text from Yoongi.[Chimie]: guys hes written again what the fCuK do i do  [Kookie]: Jesus  [taenoturhyung]: tell him to fuck off lol  [taenoturhyung]: then again that means i probably wont c u again so prob dont do dat  [Chimie]: i havent even opened it yet he could like tell me hes changed his mind and hes a good christian boi he dont want no alcohol it cool  [Kookie]: Open it then wtf
Jimin closed the group chat and opened Yoongi’s message. He stared at the text, not sure what he should say or do. He didn’t want to do anything, really. He wanted to shut off his phone, throw it into the river and get a new one, with a completely new number- however he was stuck and he had to in some way respond to Yoongi.

[Mistake]: I can see you’ve read. What’s up?

If this was a cartoon, Jimin thought, large drops of sweat would probably start to fly from his head. This wasn’t a cartoon though, it wasn’t something that could be solved with a big frying pan or a helicopter, he had to actually handle this and in some way not fuck up everything. He started typing, then immediately erased it and tried again. He did this a few times before settling on not saying anything. Yoongi would probably stop trying if Jimin just ignored him.This meant that he didn’t have to out himself as an idiot who pretends to be a dealer as a joke, and it also meant that he didn’t have to do actually pretend for real. He went back to his friends’ group chat.

[Chimie]: so ive decided to just ignore him?? dat good???

[Kookie]: If he in some way finds out you’re the dealer and you’ve ignored him he’s definitely gonna kill you

[taenoturhyung]: kooks y do u have such a stick up ur ass

[Kookie]: I’d rather have a stick up my ass than Hoseok

[taenoturhyung]: wtf does hoseok have 2 do w dis also dat wasnt even a good joke 1/10

[Kookie]: Jesus

Jimin shoved his phone in between two pillows, trying to forget about it. Telling him the truth may sound like the best option, sure, but he was the only one who could make Jimin understand math so if Yoongi started hating him then he would probably fail. Just the thought of it made Jimin want to pull the blanket over his head and curl up into a ball, in hiding from his thoughts and past failures and generally just the world. He felt his phone buzzing once again against his temple. He grunted and pulled it out.

[Mistake]: You’re taking a lot of time on this. At least explain why you’re not answering, I understand if you’re busy.

Jimin threw a pillow at the nearest wall, letting out a low scream. This couldn’t be happening. It all felt extremely surreal to the boy, who was convinced it wasn’t a normal situation and that these kinds of things only happen in bad dramas. Then again, Yoongi was like a character out of a book so this really shouldn’t surprise him. 
He thought over his options once again. Be honest with Yoongi and maybe lose his one and only chance to not fail math or ignore him and be anxious about it for the rest of his life, feeling guilty for leaving the boy who actually helped hanging. Jimin decided to scream one more time into his pillow before unlocking his phone once again and start typing.
[Jimin]: Look, I think there’s actually been a mistake

It didn’t take long before Jimin’s phone (who he had hidden behind five, fluffy pillows to not have to see it) faintly buzzed, giving him a heart attack. He looked at the preview of the message, gulping at what was to come.

[Mistake]: What do you mean mistake?

 Gulp. 

[Jimin]: I’m not a dealer

[Mistake]: What? You told me you were?

[Jimin]: Well I thought you were a friend messing around and like i wanted to play along

[Mistake]: What the fuck

[Jimin]: I’m really sorry i didnt tell you earlier

Yoongi didn’t answer for a while, almost like he was calming himself down. Jimin of course didn’t want his senior to start hating him, but for now it didn’t seem like he would even find out that he actually knew his dealer. Well, non-dealer.

[Mistake]: I’m going to kill my friend

[Jimin]: As long as u dont kill me

[Mistake]: I guess? That was still a dick move though

[Jimin]: I can’t help it, this has never happened before i didnt know what to do??

[Mistake]: Oh my god
Jimin didn’t answer to this, simply threw his phone to the other end of the couch and turned his focus to the tv yet again, hoping it could serve as a distraction from the things that had happened that day.   Yoongi sat in Namjoon’s living room, completely surrounded by silence. None of his friends talked and their breathing was as quiet at Yoongi’s. They had all read the messages and even though Namjoon didn’t want to admit it, the look in his eyes told the friends that he was in a way pleased with the turn out. It meant that he had been right. Yoongi hated when Namjoon was right, it always fucked him in the ass, and fuck him in the ass it had done. The message, though short, had made Yoongi’s breathing and heartbeat stop.
[Not a dealer]: I’m not a dealer

The name that Jin had chosen for the mystery man (just in case someone would search through his phone and wouldn’t think the name was suspicious at all) actually came as quite the irony and Yoongi would’ve laughed if this didn’t mean that his friend had fucked him over.

Yoongi knew it wasn’t right for him to be mad at the guy acting like a dealer but yet he felt like he wanted to write a long, angry message containing a lot of curse words. He, of course, didn’t do this since his friends convinced him not to (especially Jin, Namjoon probably didn’t mind actually) but some part of him wanted answers. How did Youngbae get this dude’s number? Had he just made something up on the spot?

Namjoon apparently was able to read his mind for he spoke up about the same thing that Yoongi was mulling over. ”So like does Youngbae know this dude or?” Yoongi only responded with a heavy shrug and low grunt, leaning back into the soft pillows of the couch. ”Maybe you should ask?”

Yoongi threw his head back and stretched his legs out onto the coffee table. Once upon a time Namjoon actually cared about Yoongi placing his feet on the table but he had gotten used to it, only letting out a sigh when it happened. ”No, what the fuck? I’m just gonna delete his number and forget about it.” He pointed with his finger upwards, getting an idea. ”No, never mind, I’m gonna kick Youngbae’s ass, then delete his number and then forget about it.”

Jin coughed. ”You think you can actually beat Youngbae in a fight? Are you mad?” Namjoon laughed, Yoongi just rolled his eyes. ”I think you should ask the guy, since Youngbae would probably crush you if you mentioned it.”

”Youngbae isn’t a thug, guys. He may be a bit tough and all but he’s actually a pretty nice dude.” Namjoon scoffed at this and pushed Yoongi’s legs of the table in protest, telling him to grow a pair and ask the not-dealer. Yoongi, in return, banged his feet on the table (also in protest) and kindly told his friends to fuck off.

Neither of the friends mentioned it more than that that day and Yoongi was extremely grateful. He had fucked up and he knew it, so the mercy that his friends offered was highly appreciated. They only continued to joke around, gracefully avoiding the subject, and then the friends said goodbye for Namjoon’s parents came home and while Jin was quite liked by the Kim family, Yoongi was not and so he escaped before he could notice their disapproving looks and painted on smiles. He wasn’t in the mood for that- he was sure he would probably never be.

Yoongi had his earbuds in as he walked down the half empty streets, finally letting himself think about the day and what had happened- everything from the two months extra of detention, helping Jimin with schoolwork to finding out about the dealer (well, non-dealer) and realizing that Youngbae had fucked him over. It came as a surprise to the boy because Youngbae had always been rather open and nice to him, so what was this sudden change? Yoongi was sure he hadn’t done anything to upset his friend and while they had their fights and they didn’t always get along it was all part of the friendship and when it came down to it they liked each other. He shook his head as he turned a corner, almost walking right into someone.

”Shit, sorry.” Yoongi backed a few steps and looked up at the man standing in front of him, observing who's chest it was that he was almost pressed against. He had orange hair, parted in the middle. Now, on anyone else this would probably look pretty hideous and like a carrot puked on their head, but on this one male it looked like it was meant to be. Like he was born that way.

The man’s long face broke into a smile as he pulled his own earbuds out. ”No it’s okay, my fault.” Yoongi rubbed his neck, avoiding the stranger’s eyes. He mumbled something inaudible but the carrot head didn’t seem to mind, his smile only got softer. ”I should’ve been more careful, ’s cool.”
The strangers finally met eyes after the black haired boy looked up. ”Yea, I guess we both could’ve been more careful.” They nodded at this before putting their earbuds back in and walk away, loud music blasting into their ears making them immediately forget about the short encounter.   ”Jimin waddup” Taehyung’s voice blasted through Jimin’s speakers, probably busting the elder’s ear drums. He hurried to turn the volume down before Taehyung continued. ”So you wanna update us on the situation? You just kinda disappeared.” Although Jimin wouldn’t call the quality of the video good he could clearly recognize his younger friend’s frown and he sighed as he got ready to explain what had happened.
”So I told him,” he cleared his throat, (he felt a cold sneaking up on him and he cursed himself for not dressing correctly) ignoring his friends’ muffled oohs and aahs, ”and he took it kind of well. He told me he would kill his friend and not me so that’s great.”

Jungkook smiled into the camera, putting another pop corn into his mouth. ”I’m glad you told him, Chim. And look, it went pretty well right, you’re not gonna die.”

Taehyung smacked his tongue in disagreement. ”Yeah but Yoongi doesn’t know it was you, right? So the danger ain’t over yet boys.” He pointed a finger at the camera, Jimin just rolled his eyes at the corniness. ”You ain’t gon die sure but you still don know if you gon live either.”

”You’ve started to speak like you write, Tae, and we should probably hold an intervention because that’s a problem.” Jungkook took a sip from his Ironman mug, (yes, an Ironman mug) gesturing with his free arm wildly to further prove his point- although all it did was make him almost spill his drink.

”It all started when he began talking with Hoseok so Imma blame horse-boy for all this.” Jimin’s remark forced Jungkook to hide his face in a nearby pillow so he wouldn’t wake up his parents by laughing. They had been skyping for more than three hours and it was almost 1am, waking up their parents now was the last thing on their never ending to-do lists.

Taehyung scoffed. ”Horse-boy? Why do you call him that?”

”He looks like a horse.” Jimin shrugged, his lips curling into a wide grin. Taehyung, in return, raised an eyebrow, asking his friend to continue. ”Tae, buddy, if it looks like a horse, walks like a horse and neighs like a horse, it’s probably a horse.”

Jungkook snorted another laughter at this, much to Taehyung’s discontent. ”You’ve seen him once you can’t possibly know if he walks like a horse.” Jimin only pouted at this, bringing his hands up to hide his face, mocking Taehyung’s insulted expression. ”Jesus, you suck.”

”And you swallow!”

Taehyung left the call. Jungkook followed after 20 minutes. Jimin worked on his writing, noting to himself how being awake felt heavier and heavier by the days that passed. He was afraid he would crash and burn soon- his body sure felt like it. It felt like he was on the way to giving up, like every breath burned in his lungs and every movement made his joints creak in distress. Humans need sleep. Jimin needs sleep. He doesn’t want it.

Jimin woke up at 3pm on Saturday, having missed several texts from his friends, asking him to eat dinner with them, they knew he was home alone and probably didn’t want him to hide inside for the weekend. He obediently followed to a ramen restaurant where they spent several hours eating way too much, way too quickly. He wasn't even that particularly fond of ramen, but his friends loved it so he went along with it, a wide smile ever present on his face. He told several, extremely awful jokes that none of the friends wanted to admit that they loved- although Jimin was well aware of their fondness for horrible jokes, so he continued cracking them. Even on the way home with the cold biting through their thin coats and wind making them shiver, he could make their stiff, freezing faces warm up with his equally stiff jokes. When they parted ways they realized the seriousness of the cold since they didn't have each other to get warm, and Jimin ran the rest of the way home.
He stayed awake that night, not bothering to keep his silence. He blasted his music through the speakers, dancing to a few of his beloved old choreographies that he once knew by heart but now barely made through without mistakes. As the sun rose he fell, dancing making his body more tired than usual. He knew he shouldn’t wear it out like that but moving his body, being one with the music, it all felt too good to give up again. Jimin missed dancing, he missed being exhausted after a work out, thirsting after something to drink. He missed being good at something. He cursed at his past self for giving up his one and only passion as he stepped wrong, falling onto the floor. If he hadn't stopped dancing a year ago he would be even better, he wouldn't fail. When Jimin continued dancing he noticed how his left foot hurt a little, and he cursed yet again as he sat down in a chair to closely observe his aching foot. It wasn't swollen and there was no bruising, thankfully, and so he decided to wait a while before continuing. He spent an hour watching a movie and then continued yet again, his foot back to normal.  The door didn’t slam shut until late in the afternoon, signaling that his parents were home. It was then that he turned his music off and jumped in the shower. His aching body had forced him to stop dancing by morning and he was eager to wash off the dried sweat. He felt pride bubbling in his chest as the warm water started to pour over him- he had danced, and he was still good at it. He had also learned some new choreographies so he could improve even more and he thanked his country for blessing him with kpop and its dances. His parents made dinner, not inviting him downstairs as usual. He was grateful for this (for once, he was always bitter when he could smell the delicious food without being able to taste it), he didn’t want to regain the calories he had lost when dancing.
Sunday evening was spent on Skype with his friends, who were discussing about some school work their class had been assigned that neither of the friends had done or had any plans to do in the near future. Jimin didn’t participate much in the conversations but kept his voice to himself most of the time, not bothering to say anything if it didn’t feel necessary. He liked that too, only listening. Talking was fun, but he also liked hearing his friends rant so he could just stay quiet. The call lasted for nearly two hours, consisting of mostly nonsense and bad jokes, and ended when Taehyung was forced to go to bed by his mother. He did so reluctantly, telling his friends good night for one last time. Jungkook didn’t linger but also left the call to sleep. Jimin was the only one of the friends who’s plans didn’t consist of sleeping that night.
Jimin waited patiently until his parents fell asleep to carefully turn up the volume on his computer (not enough for his parents to wake up) and move his body like he learned the previous night. It didn’t take long before he felt himself getting out of breath and it only made him more determined to keep going, to push his body even more. Jimin wanted to get better, to catch up with what he had missed the year he hadn’t danced and he figured that if he didn’t push himself to the breaking point then he probably wouldn’t do that.After dancing for what felt like only five minutes Jimin threw a quick glance at his computer to find out that he had two hours left before his parents would wake up, two hours he would have to spend wisely. He knew he should shower before that, but there were still some moves he couldn’t seem to get down and he didn’t want to stop now. He didn’t want to stop moving but his body felt like a heavy sack of stones after two nights of exercising instead of sleeping, and he knew he messed up the dances and skipped certain parts because he didn’t have the energy to do them- however that didn’t stop him from continuing to press himself more than he should. It took at least an extra thirty minutes before Jimin turned off the music and slowly made his way to the bathroom, his feet dragging behind him as he walked, arms hanging limply by his sides. A shudder shot through his body as the hot water hit him and he quickly lowered the temperature- he was already warm enough.The shower felt like an eternity, he felt himself dozing off a few times before pulling himself into awareness again before he could actually fall asleep and it was as he got dressed that he heard his parents talking downstairs- and this time he could actually understand them as they didn’t talk quietly like they used to. Jimin didn’t care to listen, hearing his parents’ voices only reminded him of that they didn’t talk anymore. When he actually tried to make out their words they were meaningless, nothing of importance and so he let it go, continuing to make sure his classmates wouldn’t actually notice he hadn’t slept for two days. Taehyung would probably sense that something was up, he always did. Jimin wasn’t very excited to see how his friend’s mood would shift throughout the day, hopefully for the better but it wasn’t guaranteed.
A shiver travelled down Jimin’s spine the second he walked through the door, the cold air hitting him hard in the face, however this time he was prepared with his thick jacket and warm beanie. He was careful not to slip on the small patches of ice scattered around as he ran all the way to school, making the previous shower seemingly pointless as he felt sweat forming on his back, making his t-shirt cling to his body. 

Taehyung was fiddling with his phone when Jimin entered the classroom, not even looking up as his friend sat down in front of him, hanging his jacket over the back of the chair. Jungkook wasn’t there yet, which was odd. He was often the first one to arrive in the morning and his absence was shining- Jimin couldn’t help but remember the times his friend would disappear for weeks without explanation. He spun around in his seat and poked at Taehyung, who didn’t even look up.

”Where’s Kookie?” Taehyung shrugged as a response, his eyes like glued onto the screen. Jimin grunted, poking once again to grab his friend’s attention. ”What’re you doing there?” Taehyung mumbled out Hoseok’s name and Jimin wooed, grabbing his friend’s phone out of his hands to read their conversation. 

He laughed as he scrolled, holding the phone out of reach for his now desperate friend. ”Seriously give it back!” Jimin only started to read some of the text out loud, dramatizing it with his arms.

”Oooh Hoseok hyung pleaaase help me with the dance! I just can’t seem to get it down!” Taehyung hid his face in his hands, his face flushed. Jimin continued reading their awkward conversations before putting the phone down, puffing a laughter as Taehyung looked up to give him the deadliest stare he’d ever seen.

”You’re such a dick.” Taehyung barely had time to grab his phone before the teacher entered and started collecting them. Jimin shrugged and gave his phone to the older woman who offered him a vague smile before moving on to Taehyung, who reluctantly put it into the bag.

Jungkook still hadn’t shown up and it seemed like Taehyung now started to also care about it. ”So like, where is Kookie?” Jimin hummed, his face drawn into a frown. ”Shit, you don’t think it’s gonna be one of those weeks?”

”Jesus I hope not.”

Their conversation was brought to a halt when the teacher cleared her throat and started talking, so Jimin shot his friend a quick glance before turning around in his seat and tried to concentrate on the monotone words coming out of the older woman’s mouth. Jimin couldn’t help but bring his head down to the desk and close his eyes, eventually letting the dull words help him drift off to dream land.




Chapter End Notes
aaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAA YOU NEVER WALK ALONE IS OUT AND IM READY TO DIE!!!!!!!well hello either way its-a me, this was actually supposed to be a pretty short chapter?? what happened????? yea i realized i dun goofed and had to rewrite and write some more and rewrite aGAIN and now im not really sure if i like it?? but here it is bois i wanted to release it be4 the release of YNWA but yknow im just 2 lazyill probably go back 2 this chapter (and probably aLL my chapters) and rewrite bc im not rly happy w it so like yeaoH and this chapter made me realize that its sO FUN to write like conversations like that so i thought abt maybe starting a new series (on the side of this one) where its like texting bc its p fun and i just wanted to check if any1s even gonna read it ahahahand 2 clarify the different usernames like the groupchat is on kakaotalk kinda stuff while the conversation w/ yoongi is regular ol texting if any1 was confused so now u know(also this was a pretty filler-y chapter im sorry bout that but i promise nExT cHAptErS r gonna blow ur minds)(i guess i havent like decided yet what to do)(jesus maybe this fic will be like 30 chapters in the end despite what i said god damn it i have 2 stop)(comments r appreciated u know i love u guys thx love u)


your type
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Jungkook didn’t show up for the rest of the class, and not for the following three either. Jimin and Taehyung couldn’t help but wonder why, since Jungkook (except for the weeks he disappeared) was pretty punctual and cared a lot about school. Jimin sent his friend a text during lunch, asking where he was and if he was okay. He figured he probably wouldn’t get a reply so he put down his phone and turned his attention once again to the friend who sat in front of him.

”So has Horse-boy written anything else?” Jimin wiggled his eyebrows as Taehyung put another spoonful of rice in his mouth, avoiding the question. ”You know you can talk to me about them boys, Taetae.”

Taehyung swallowed his food and raised his hands in a threat to slap his friend, although he held it back. ”No, I cannot. And don’t call me that, jesus.” Jimin only hummed as a response, smiling as he slowly chewed on his food. ”Just because you don’t have a love life doesn’t mean I gotta tell you stuff.”

Jimin shook his head and opened his mouth to speak without downing the food in it. ”No but as a friend I think I at least deserve to know if you’re soon to be boyfriend is behaving, right?”

”Jimin, you know I love you but don’t speak with food in your mouth, it’s gross. Also I’ll tell you if Hoseok ever starts behaving like a dick, mkay?” Jimin shrugged and put down his spoon, declaring that he was full and wanted to leave. ”Why are you so eager? Why you wanna go now?”

”Do you wanna wait for Horse-Hoseok then? Is that why you’re not eager?” Taehyung was about to answer when he suddenly stopped, his eyes now focused on something behind his older friend, a wide smile spreading over his face. Speaking of the devil.

”Taetae! There you are, I was looking for you!” Jimin was sure he would never get used to his friend’s nickname, and also that he would never stop teasing him for it. Taehyung motioned for the senior to sit down beside Jimin, which he did without hesitation. Jimin noticed out the corner of his eye that Hoseok was turned to him, his elbows propped up on the table and head resting in his hands. ”You’re Jimin right?” Jimin nodded. ”You don’t look as much of a coma patient like last time.”

Jimin squinted, furrowing his eyebrows. ”Thanks, I guess.” Hoseok only smiled at him and then moved his eyes to Taehyung.

”So how’s your day?” Hoseok’s voice changed when he spoke to the boy sitting opposite him. It was suddenly softer, more careful. Almost like a whisper, as if he only wanted the words being heard by them. Jimin held back a laughter as Taehyung leaned forward and told the senior about the morning. Their faces seemed to inch closer by the second and in the end Jimin felt a responsibility as a friend to break them up.

”Yeah, and Jungkook’s gone. Real weird. The kid’s vanished, has not been seen for the whole day.” His voice made the pair immediately sit straight in their seats, faint blush visible on the younger one’s cheeks. Oh how Jimin enjoyed the sight. 

Taehyung threw his friend an quick glance of annoyance. ”He better show up before your detention, am I right?” Hoseok raised an eyebrow, eyes bouncing between Jimin and Taehyung. The latter only jerked his head towards his friend to answer the senior’s unuttered question. ”He’s in detention for sleeping and now he’s stuck with this thug dude.”

Hoseok had now completely turned his head to Jimin. ”Thug dude?” Jimin nodded, putting a spoonful of rice into his mouth to not have to talk, ignoring the fact that he wasn’t even hungry anymore. ”Who’s this thug dude?”

”Yoongi. Some boy who gets in fights and drinks alcohol and steals chairs.” Taehyung ignored the hateful stares his friend shot him and instead directed all of his focus on the senior. ”He’s gonna kill Jimin here, in-” he looked at the clock before continuing to finish his sentence ”Almost exactly four hours!”

Hoseok laughed. It was a pretty loud laugh, but Jimin didn’t mind since he was used to obnoxious laughs already, being friends with Taehyung. Maybe those two would fit perfectly, he thought, or they will just clash and cause destruction. ”Well good luck to you Jimin, detention isn’t easy.” When Jimin raised a questioning eyebrow at the older he continued. ”I went to detention a while and I’ve learned my lesson. Don’t befriend bad people.”

Taehyung nodded along to every word his crush uttered, almost like in a trance. ”Do you know Yoongi, hyung?”

Hoseok shook his head, making his orange hair bounce lightly. ”No, can’t say I do. Is he in my grade or?” Taehyung nodded, his lips forming a soft smile. Jimin wanted to puke. ”Yea, my grade’s full of bad people I guess.” He paused for only a second before continuing, a faint smile playing on his lips. ”Stay away from them, Taetae.”

Taehyung’s breath hitched in his throat and he stared at his senior for half a second before opening his mouth and almost shouting his answer. ”I will! Thanks for caring, hyung!” Hoseok shrugged, waving the flustered words away with his hand, claiming that he only wanted his younger friend to stay safe. Taehyung looked like he was going to fall out of his chair.

”Wouldn’t want Taehyung here to join a drug cartel.” Jimin’s playful words caused Hoseok to let out a small laugh, while Taehyung just looked like he wanted to die. ”Or start dating some random thug.”

Something flickered behind Hoseok’s eyes but Jimin didn’t have time to think about what it was. ”No, not at all. Stay away from dating thugs, Taetae.” He stopped, like he was considering if he should go on. Jimin had pretty much kicked the door open for them to flirt, and he dearly hoped his friend’s crush would take the golden opportunity he had given them. ”I wouldn’t support that at all.” Hoseok’s smile was no longer present, but his lips were pressed into a thin line and his eyes had darkened just slightly.

Taehyung’s eyes widened and he looked like he had forgotten every word he had ever learned, Jimin only watched in silence as the two boys clumsily tried to flirt. Or, at least, Taehyung. Yeah, Taehyung clumsily tried to flirt. ”I guess I won’t be dating thugs any time soon, then.” Jimin leaned back in his chair, excited to see how the interaction would play out and if Taehyung would actually catch on.

”Good.” Hoseok’s voice was low and almost threatening. Taehyung raised a questioning eyebrow, but he didn’t get any more than that. A heavy silence hung over them like a cloud but none of them seemed to have the intention to break it. Jimin thought how he could probably cut through the tension with a knife and he wasn’t sure how to feel about it. He was of course glad his friend had found a guy but he didn’t know him and he didn’t want Taehyung to get hurt or disappointed, however he also wanted him to make something of his life and get out of his room. Truly a dilemma.

Taehyung nodded slowly, his eyes stuck on the senior. ”Yeah.” He dragged out the word only slightly, his lips barely parting. Jimin watched in the corner of his eye how Hoseok’s fists were clenching and unclenching, hidden under the table, pressing his nails into the palms of his hands. Taehyung slowly repeated the word, almost like whisper this time. Hoseok’s fists were almost white by then.

Without a warning the senior shot out of his seat, excused himself and hurried to leave the scene. Taehyung’s eyes lingered on the small of his back until he was no longer visible and then he sighed softly, turning to look at his friend at last. Jimin grinned.

”Well wasn’t that fun?”

Taehyung held back a smile, hiding his face in his hands. ”Jesus I hate myself, I hate hyung too, I wanna kill myself.” Jimin puffed a laughter and got out of his seat, picking up his tray.

”No you don’t. C’mon though, let’s go now that you’ve met Horse-boy.” Taehyung did as he said, and they crossed between tables to get out. Once they had successfully exited the large room, Jimin stopped to look at his friend. ”So about Horse-boy,” Taehyung sighed, interrupting Jimin in the middle of his sentence, but he only continued. ”About Horse-boy, are you serious about it? Like you in it for the long run? You really like the guy?”

Taehyung nodded and stated walking to their classroom, with Jimin doing the same. ”Yea, I do. I wanna be with him y’know? Although I don’t even know if he’s into guys, he could be pretty straight for all I know.” The gray haired boy scoffed to himself, but just furrowed his eyebrows as if he didn’t know either. ”I guess he’s straight, it would be typically my luck if he tells me he’s got a girlfriend tomorrow or something.”

They turned a corner, struggling to make their way through the crowded halls. ”No, Tae, it would be typically your luck if he tells you he’s got a piss kink tomorrow.” Taehyung elbowed him in his side, telling his friend to be more quiet since everyone could hear them. Jimin only raised his voice at that- teasing his friend was one of the funniest things he knew. ”Your crush won’t have a piss kink. Although I guess you’re attracted to that kinda stuff so it wouldn’t surprise me if you accidentally fell for someone who actually has one.” Jimin saw how some turned their heads, looking at them, before continuing to quietly talk to their friends. Taehyung probably noticed that too, since he shushed his friend and then dragged him into their classroom.

Taehyung hit his older friend on the arm, a little harder than needed, and let out a loud grunt of frustration. He was still a bit dumbfounded after everything that had happened with Hoseok, with the tension and all. Of course he had noticed it, he wasn’t as blind as Jimin thought he was- he was just unsure of what actually had happened and why. He was also a bit pissed off with his friend that had ruined everything. ”You’re the worst friend ever.”

”Yeah and you love me anyways.” Jimin gave his friend a pat on the shoulder as they sat down in their seats, seeing the reaction from the younger boy. 

Taehyung moved his shoulder so that Jimin’s hand fell off and nodded towards a window to their left. ”No I don’t, go jump out of a fucking window.” 

”If I actually went to jump right now that would be your last words to me, and that wouldn’t feel really nice, would it?” Jimin wiped imaginary tears away from his eyes, sorrowful at his friend’s stingy words. 

His friend rolled his eyes, bowing his head in respect. ”I’m sorry, you’re right. Go jump out of a fucking window, please.” He dragged out the last words, his language now formal unlike before. Jimin let out a weak, almost inaudible laugh.

”You suck.”

Taehyung’s lips were pulled into a grin and he rubbed his hands as if getting ready to deliver the final blow, which he did without hesitation. ”And you swallow.” Jimin groaned, throwing up his hands by his chest, his head falling back limply.

”Shit, I’m defeated by my own words, how will I continue to live after this?” Taehyung reminded him once again that he could jump out of a window, Jimin only hit him as a response, not even bothering to give him more attention that that. 

Class crawled by, surprising Jimin by being even more boring than it had been before, which didn’t even seem possible. It felt like an eternity before the teacher left, their phones finally back into their hands. Jimin unlocked the device, not really expecting to see anything, so the name on the screen surprised him. Jungkook had answered and he quickly opened the message, immediate relief washing over him at the quick response, since it usually took the younger boy about a week before showing any sign of life.

[Kookie]: Sick.

Jimin showed what Jungkook had written to the friend sitting next to him and Taehyung only raised his eyebrows at the short cut response. ”He never writes with a period at the end.” Jimin had noticed that too and only nodded at his words. While Jungkook was the friend with the most correct grammar (Taehyung being last on that list) he never wrote with periods, claiming they were too dramatic. He only used them when angry, or in some way in a bad mood. ”Shit, you think he’s actually skipping? He only does this kinda stuff when something’s wrong.”

Jimin shrugged and rested his head on the desk, feeling tired and worn out. He was worried about Jungkook and his tiredness made his head ache and eyes hurt when he blinked, so he couldn’t really think straight about the situation. He promised himself not to give in to his heavy thoughts, that everything would feel better in a few hours- tiredness is just a phase and all he had to do was drink some coffee or work out, sometimes just simply letting time pass did the trick. He hoped it would pass quickly.

[Chimie]: sick like sick or sick like /sick/?

He didn’t immediately put down his phone, just in case his friend would actually answer quickly. But five minutes passed without their friend even reading the message, so he sighed as he locked his phone. Jungkook never got sick and so Jimin was convinced this was going to last a few days. He didn’t know how his friend managed to stay home for so long without being dead sick, seeing how his mother was pretty stern. When Jimin was sad he was forced to school either way- not that he ever told his parents about it, but when he lied about being sick they still told him to go to school. His parents never cared much, and now they did so even less.

[Chimie]: just know that were here if u wanna talk. we love u buddy and if we can help we wanna. u know where u can find us
Taehyung nodded at the message, telling Jimin it was right. They rarely tell each other how much they mean to each other, although their love is hidden behind snarky comments and mean remarks. Sometimes, however, you can forget about that.   ”Good luck getting killed.” Taehyung waved Jimin off, almost like a mother, as he got ready to leave for detention. The older flipped his friend off and left the classroom, not waiting for him. Jimin almost didn’t hate detention by now, Yoongi wasn’t as scary and evil as he had thought at first, although he was still the last person he wanted to piss off.
Yoongi greeted him with a nod once Jimin had slipped through the small spring of the door. He replicated it, pushing back the smile that was lurking to break out as he sat down beside the elder. Yoongi watched closely as his desk partner opened his usual books on the desk, glancing at the older carefully.

Jimin flipped a pen between his fingers, his eyes dragging across the room, checking off every person there from the mental detention-list that he had. He didn’t know anyone there but he knew how they looked and so every detention he made sure to check if they were still there, which they were. His eyes eventually landed on the boy beside him, him being the last person to check off. ”How was your weekend?” 

Yoongi shrugged as he leaned back in his chair and ran a hand through his black hair to get it out of his eyes, shortly telling the boy beside him it had been two pretty uneventful days. ”Yeah, same here. My parents were away so I had the whole house for myself so that’s great.” Jimin put down the pen, figuring it was probably pretty annoying and instead chose to tap on the desk without realizing that was equally as disturbing, if not more.

”Neat. Did you do anything special then?” Jimin shook his head and Yoongi only sighed. ”Nah, should’ve known you wouldn’t hold a party or something.” He glanced at the gray haired boy as his face broke out into a grin. ”Guess you’re too careful.”

Jimin scoffed. ”Me? Careful? You don’t know who you’re talking with here, I’m the wildest person there are.” Yoongi hummed questioningly, bringing up his arms to cross them over his chest. Jimin turned around in his chair so he faced the older completely. ”You have no idea what kind of things I’ve done. Things you wouldn’t even dare think about.”

”What did you do? Ride a bike without helmet?” The small laugh that followed made Jimin stop in his tracks. He had never heard Yoongi laugh before. Well he had, once, but it was pretty sarcastic and Jimin was afraid of the boy back then so he didn’t really think about it when it happened- but he now noted that his senior had a really nice laugh. He waved away the thought as the black haired boy continued talking. ”I’m pretty sure you’re one of the tamest people I’ve ever met, sorry.”

It was a close call before Jimin told the older about his experience in the school bathroom but he quickly stopped himself, realizing that it would be extremely weird if he started talking about that now, when they barely even knew each other. ”You don’t know me, Min Yoongi.”

”I don’t need to, Park Jimin.” They locked eyes and Jimin couldn’t help but think that it felt like a movie, what with the whole being dramatic thing. He liked it, and Yoongi didn’t seem to mind so he wasn’t planning on stopping. ”I know your type.” Jimin raised an eyebrow, asking the older to go on, which he did with amusement playing in his voice. ”Yeah, all innocent and naïve. Afraid of human contact and don’t know what sex is.”

Jimin’s laugh that followed was low and soaked in sarcasm. ”Well, Min Yoongi, I know your type.” Yoongi did the same as Jimin had done earlier, although with lacking enthusiasm. ”You walk around with small knives in your pockets, pretending you’re all that. Also afraid of human contact although you hide it with a kind of sex appeal that no one actually wants.” The smile that spread on the senior’s face was mocking, although his eyes sparked in a way Jimin had never seen before.

”We are our stereotypes, then.”

Jimin broke the intense eye contact and instead chose to look somewhere above the boy’s right shoulder. The words he uttered came out almost like a whisper, like he didn’t want anyone to actually hear them. ”I’m my stereotype.”

”That’s just sad.” Yoongi only looked at him for a while, waiting for an answer that he never got. He raised an eyebrow at the younger boy that seemed to get even more lost in his own thoughts by the seconds that went by. ”Don’t you think so?” 

The gray haired boy shrugged, unsure of what to say. ”I don’t know, isn’t it nice to just be one dimensional? You are what you are, end of discussion, y’know?” The low laugh that followed told him that the older probably didn’t agree.

”Sure enough, but you gotta have depth you know? No one is just happy or just evil, everyone has gray zones. It’s never black or white.” Jimin saw how the older was still looking at him, and hesitantly reconnected their eyes. ”Only badly written books have one dimensional characters, and that’s why they’re bad.”

The inspirational words caused Jimin snap out of his dazed state and roll his eyes, hiding a yawn that sneaked up on him before answering. ”Didn’t pin you for the reading type.”

”You also probably didn’t pin me for the math type, but here we are.” Yoongi’s smile was faint, barely noticeable, but Jimin noticed and let his own lips curl as well. ”You were really scared of me in the beginning.”

The gray haired boy scoffed and crossed his arms, squinting his eyes as if to look straight into the older’s head and read his mind. ”You don’t know that.” 

”Dude, you were practically shaking in fear. You looked like I was gonna kill you.” Yoongi shook his head in disbelief, like he couldn’t actually believe the boy beside him thought he didn’t know this kind of stuff, like he was blind or something. ”No, you were terrified.”

”Well, I’m not now, am I?”

He paused, his eyes flickering between Jimin and the desk in front of him. ”No, no you’re not.”  Jimin was taken aback by the sudden change in the older’s behavior, however he did his best not think about it. He laughed, pushing the boy sitting beside him lightly.

”Ain’t that great? Hard to be friends with someone who’s afraid of you.” Yoongi’s eyes landed on the gray haired boy, widened more than is considered normal. ”Now you’re the one being scared, are you possibly frightened of other human beings?”

Yoongi scoffed, his mouth pulled down into a small frown. Jimin thought that he looked like a sad cat. Yoongi was the biggest and saddest cat ever, and he kept himself from giggling at the mental image of a cat but with the senior’s frowning face. ”No, I just don’t wanna be friends with you.”

”Of course you do, I’m wonderful.” The older boy repeated how he really did not want to be friends, and Jimin snickered as a response. ”Stop pretending to be your bad boy stereotype, hyung. Because frankly, you’re too geeky for that. What kind of bad boy likes math?” 

Yoongi squinted and ran his hand through his hair, however this time he didn’t have to actually get it away from his eyes. His forehead was visible and Jimin noted to himself that his desk partner looked pretty good with his hair pushed back. He stopped that thought immediately. ”This is the real me, though. And don’t call me that.”

”Whatever, hyung.” Jimin smirked, and Yoongi couldn’t believe his eyes. Since when did Jimin smirk? That seemed like such an un-Jimin thing to do, yet here he was, his lips curling into a devious smirk. The black haired boy knew Jimin wasn’t his stereotype but this surprised him. A simple smirk shouldn’t do that to him. What?

Yoongi quickly changed the subject and motioned to the schoolbooks laid out in front of the gray haired boy. ”Are you gonna work or what?” Jimin nodded and did as he said without protest, which Yoongi appreciated. He wasn’t in the mood to talk anymore.

It went a while of silence, the only sound being someone in the small room humming or tapping on their desk, before the two boys started talking again. ”Is this right?” Yoongi glanced at his desk partner before placing his eyes on what he had written, sighing as he did so. He shook his head. ”What did I do wrong?” The older moved his chair closer to Jimin and started explaining, the words passing through his head without really sticking. ”Can you take that again? But, like, slower?”

Yoongi nodded and repeated his explanation until the gray haired boy understood, which didn’t take as much time as it used to. After they had solved several questions together, Jimin decided it was time to take a break. ”For how much more are you gonna be here?” The older only lifted up his hand to show two fingers, telling the younger he was in for two more months. ”Ouch, that sucks. I’m stuck here for one more week, then I’m free.”

Yoongi ignored the almost sinking feeling in his chest. He didn’t care if Jimin was there or not, he assured himself that it would actually be a relief if he wouldn’t show up anymore. The only thing he won on Jimin going to detention was Mr. Kim not bothering him as much, and that he wasn’t as bored anymore but he couldn’t really think of any more pros to it. He didn’t let himself think about it. ”Shit, congrats. Then we’re not gonna see each other anymore, so you have to get yourself a new teacher or something.”

Jimin’s eyes lit up and he stared at his senior widely. ”Does that mean you’re gonna teach me for this week?” Yoongi shrugged, because really, what’s the worst thing that could happen? (A lot of worst things could happen, although he batted that thought out of his head without dwelling on it too much.)

”It’s only for a week, right? Ain’t the end of the world.” Jimin nodded excitedly and Yoongi had to tell him to calm down. ”But on one condition.” His younger desk partner asked him to continue, without a doubt that he would agree. ”No one can know about this, okay?”

”Yeah, absolutely, no one will know! Thank you!” He dragged out the last syllable, raising and lowering his voice different octaves. Jimin made the whole room turn around to look at them and Yoongi shot them deadly glares, making them stop. He was already fully aware that the other detention-goers were starting to pick up on the change in his behavior so he made sure to talk quietly, but Jimin didn’t care. The older placed his eyes on his desk partner once again.

”And you gotta study at home too. At least one page.” When he saw Jimin’s smile fading he continued the sentence, a little faster than he had wanted. ”And then we can go through your answers the next day. Are you done next Monday?” The younger nodded absently. ”Then you do one page per day during the weekend, okay?”

The gray haired boy agreed to the older boy’s conditions, it didn’t feel as bad when Yoongi would still help him out as much, even if he worked at home. ”Yea, thanks. Maybe I won’t fail math this year.”

Yoongi shoved his hands into the pockets of his jacket, tilting his head slightly to the right. ”Can’t promise anything, we’ll have to see how it goes.” Jimin’s faded smile was slowly making it’s way back and now Yoongi noticed how his desk partner’s smile was unlike anything he’s seen before, what with the way his eyes wrinkled into thin crescents, or the way he managed to brighten up the whole room. Yoongi had never met someone with such a smile and he couldn’t deny that he found it pretty. That was, however, something he would never confess to anyone- bad boys don’t find smiles pretty.

”I think it’ll be great. Thanks, hyung.” 

Yoongi forced the corners of his mouth to stay down in a frown instead of curving upwards, which was a possibility that now lingered over him like a cloud. ”I don’t know how many times I’ve told you not to call me that, but you need to stop.”

Jimin rolled his eyes and leaned back into his chair, firmly holding the eye contact that had been going on for longer than it needed to. None of them seemed to mind, though. It was a challenge, just between them, who could hold it the longest. ”Just accept it, hyung.”

Yoongi would never accept it, he didn’t want to take that step. It felt so unnatural hearing Jimin calling him that- he would prefer it if the younger just did as anyone else did and respect his boundaries. ”Never.” 

”Jesus, hyung, you’re such a snore.” Jimin elbowed the older in the side playfully, however the only response he got was an eye roll and a frustrated grunt.

”Jesus, brat, you’re such a pain.” Jimin rolled his eyes at this and gave his desk partner a light shove before continuing to look down at his books, his pen once again flipping in between his fingers as he read. The senior let out a sigh of relief as silence once again hung over them and he could be left alone with only his thoughts. 

Yoongi figured that he would probably have to go beat up a wall to regain his pride after this. He was fully aware that this wasn’t his usual behavior with strangers, however he couldn’t quite grasp why Jimin had that kind of effect on him. He had met several people like him in his life, but none of them managed to bring him out of his hard shell. Jimin was the first one to talk with Yoongi without the response being a glare or a snarky comment. Of course, the younger had gotten plenty of those, but it never felt like it used to with other people. It felt like Jimin could see right through him and his words, and he didn’t like it.

Yoongi didn’t like the way Park Jimin slowly warmed him up.




Chapter End Notes
hello je suis here hope u liked dis chaptah im not rly sure but i mean hey what can u doive been in quite da slope here but its getting easier to write now and im not hating what i write as much now but i wrote this morning (at like 3am) and boi i read it today it rly sucked it was p embarrassing but i fixed it n now its good as new i think jesusi lov writin da vmin its v fun and writin vhope is da funniest shit ever altho i have 2 google how 2 flirt sometimes bc im a clueless mess lololas always u kno i love u all v much thx 4 da support all feedback is appreciated it makes me v happy comments n shit r what i liv 4 basically it feeds me feed me mom what i dont know so ill c u guys next chapter dont forget me until then byyEyyyEEee(tHE NOT TODAY MUSIC VIDEO WAS JUST RELEASED AND I WANT TO DIE IT WAS SO EPIC AAAAAAAAAAAAA)


kookie
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





It was in the end of detention that Jimin felt something vibrate in his pocket, which wasn’t that weird, but then it didn’t stop. The gray haired boy wasn’t sure how many times it had buzzed before he eventually caved in and carefully fished it out of his jacket, praying to every god he could think of that Mr. Kim wouldn’t notice him.
[Kookie]: I’m fucking
[Kookie]: I’m not okay

[Kookie]: I’m so fucking not okay and im so tired o fpretending that i am

[Kookie]: I’m so tired chim im so goddmn tired all th etime

[Kookie]: like im gonna be just me

[Kookie]: jus tme for the rest of fmy life and i ahte it

[Kookie]: me and my tohughts leik for atlesat 60 years and if ic an barely sdtand mysekf now how will i suvrive f ucking 60 more years

The blood in Jimin’s veins immediately froze as he read his younger friend’s words. He didn’t want his friends to be sad and so seeing Jungkook like this, hearing Jungkook talk about his being, well it broke his heart. He started typing, but stopped as his friend continued his emotional rant.

[Kookie]: why cant i just be okay

[Kookie]: im sitting in y room when i should be at shcool 

[Kookie]: im skipping chim

[Kookie]: im so god damn weak

[Kookie]: both u and tae are sad and shit too but im the only one staying home

[Kookie]: im so sick fo myself chim

[Kookie]: i cant stop thinkign about hwo everything would be fine wihtout me

[Kookie]: if i could jsut dissapear 

Jimin drew a quick breath before writing out his thoughts, seeing in the corner of his eye how Yoongi finally noticed his shakiness and glanced carefully at him. He didn’t let it stop him though.

[Chimie]: kookie stop you should not just disappear

[Chimie]: the way you handle your ups and downs may differ from me and tae yes but that doesnt mean that ur in some way a bad person

[Chimie]: everything wouldnt be fine without u

[Chimie]: it would certainly break my heart if u would suddenly just stop existing

[Chimie]: u mean the world to both me and tae

[Chimie]: we love u

[Chimie]: please don’t disappear

[Chimie]: i dont know how i would be able to live if u did

Jimin took slow breaths, steadying himself by placing his palms on the desk in front of him. He wasn’t okay. He knew his friend was feeling bad, and he had known a long while that Jungkook had his problems, but he didn’t know it was to this extent. He threw his head back and let out a small grunt- he wanted to run over and hug his friend but this detention was still going and was going to do so for twenty more minutes.

”Are you okay?”

Yoongi’s raspy voice broke the gray haired boy out of his sorrowful daze and he jumped in surprise at the unexpected sound, turning his entire body to the source of it. ”Yeah, I’m fine.” He threw a quick look at his phone before locking their eyes again. ”I think.”

Yoongi furrowed his eyebrows, crossing his arms. Apparently, he did not really believe his younger desk partner. Jimin didn’t blame him. ”Has something happened? You seem pretty shaken up.”

It took a while before the older got a response, for the gray haired boy was considering for a long time whether to tell him or not. What would Jimin even get out of telling him? Advice? A sneer? After discussing with himself for what seemed like an eternity he slowly let his head nod. ”I mean, my friend is not okay at all and all I wanna do is hug him but I can’t because detention. Also he’s not into skin ship that much so he wouldn’t even enjoy it probably.”

Yoongi sighed and scratched his head while thinking, which he did. Jimin could see in his eyes how his thoughts raced- he found it rather amusing. ”How is your friend not okay?” Jimin explained the situation, all while keeping the eye contact that got even more intense by the seconds that slowly crawled by. Yoongi nodded along to every word that came out of Jimin’s mouth. ”The best think you can do right now is make sure he doesn’t do anything bad. Has this happened before?”

”Yeah. Or well, no. I mean he’s been sad and shit like that a lot of times but it’s kinda rare that he actually talks about it.” Jimin stopped in his tracks and took in his older desk partner’s words. ”Bad? What kind of bad?”

The black haired boy let out a small sigh and started rocking in his chair. Jimin remembered how he in the beginning hoped that the chair would break when he did that, and now he was sitting here talking to the senior about Jungkook’s mental state. Life’s unpredictability, he thought, sure is unpredictable. ”You know what I mean.” Jimin shook his head. ”God, do I have to spell it out for you?” Jimin nodded. ”Well, I won’t. Just never stop talking with him. Go over to his house after this, don’t let him be alone. Loneliness fucks with ones head and his head has had enough fucking with, apparently.”

”Thanks. I’ll go over there and snuggle him up. He needs hugs and hot chocolate and blankets. And more hugs.” Yoongi hummed in agreement, and the sound just instantly calmed the younger down. Hearing his desk partner be so tranquil, so unbothered, well Jimin would be mad not to like that sound.

Jimin would probably say something stupid, which he always did when he let down his guard around Yoongi, but was hindered by the small buzz coming from the phone lying screen down on the desk in front of him. He was close to throwing himself over the device, but the look that Yoongi threw his ways stopped him. He had to slowly and sneakily unlock it and read the message from his friend, so Mr. Kim wouldn’t notice him and probably give him even more detention.

[Kookie]: chim

[Kookie]: can u come over ls

[Kookie]: dont bring taehyugn

[Kookie]: bring ur blanket

[Kookie]: please

[Kookie]: i need u

Jimin’s heart flipped and he hastily wrote out a message promising his friend to hurry over as soon as detention was over. When Jungkook read the message, not answering, he locked his phone and slid it into his jacket again. He looked over at the older boy sitting beside him, a smile wide on his face and relief lighting up his eyes. 

”Who’s this Taehyung dude?” Yoongi didn’t look as pleased as Jimin thought he would, but he didn’t mention it.

The gray haired boy shrugged. ”Oh, just a friend.”

”Friend?” Yoongi’s eyebrows shot up, and the whole thing seemed pretty odd to Jimin. Why did Yoongi react like it was so strange?

”Yes, one of my best friends. He’s really nice and he helps me with chemistry.”

Yoongi stopped rocking on his chair and instead chose to lean back into it, the corner of his mouth pointing down into a small frown. ”Is that so?”

”That is so. Why do you ask?” Jimin felt like he should almost defend his friendship with Taehyung, even though his desk partner hadn’t really said anything about it. He knew his friendship with the blond could be rocky sometimes and that there was many moments that he really wanted his friend to shut up, but in the end they loved each other, and Jimin wouldn’t trade what they had for the world.

”No reason.” The black haired boy’s voice was low, restrained. Jimin wanted to continue asking, he wanted to know the reason behind why his senior was suddenly down when he had just a few minutes ago seemed so relaxed- however he didn’t want to make it worse and asking could do just that. The raspy voice once again woke him up from his thoughts. ”Soon you’ll get to run over and snuggle up your friend.”

Jimin raised an eyebrow, eyeing the boy beside him up and down. ”Hyung?” Yoongi sighed at the word, however he didn’t mention it and that counted as progress in Jimin’s book. ”Are you jealous?”

Yoongi couldn’t help the laugh that followed, loud and clear. Jealous? Him? What an absurd thought, he couldn’t even remember the last time that he was jealous. ”Are you serious? No, I’m not jealous of this Jungkook friend of yours.”

The same way that Yoongi couldn’t help but laugh, Jimin couldn’t stop the smirk that creeped up on him. The sight of his desk partner smirking made Yoongi’s smile fade immediately. ”Are you sure?” The senior nodded, holding his breath. Jesus. Since when did Jimin smirk? And since when did Yoongi care?

Yoongi wanted to turn it around. He wanted Jimin to get a taste of his own smirky medicine and so the senior did what he did best- flirt. He crept closer to the younger, noticing the discomfort flicker in his eyes. The smirk that just a few seconds ago played on Jimin’s lips had disappeared, leaving only a small frown in its place. ”I mean, I’m not the cuddling type, but we can do something else.”

Blood flushed up to Jimin’s round cheeks and his breath hitched in his throat, all while his brain stopped functioning properly. With thoughts racing he sputtered out the first thing he could think of, admittedly not really the best thing to say. ”Maybe some other time.”

Time seemed to stop. Neither Yoongi nor Jimin knew what to do or say, they only stared at each other. Yoongi had of course not meant his words, he would at the moment rather jump off a tall building than do something with Jimin, but the younger’s reaction had thrown him off. He hadn’t expected the response to be like that. He understood that Jimin hadn’t actually meant that they should do something some other time, but just the thought that those words were the first that sprung into the gray haired boy’s mind, well, it made him uneasy.

None of them said anything for the last five minutes of detention, but rather kept the now fierce eye contact. They were interrupted by Mr. Kim’s sour words, telling them to get out. None of them moved an inch. ”We should go.” The words were whispered, like Yoongi didn’t actually want them to be heard, but Jimin heard them and immediately sprung to life, remembering Jungkook.

”Shit, fuck, yeah we should I need to get to Jungkook.” The use of swear words caused Yoongi to raise an eyebrow, but he didn’t say anything about it. ”Thanks. I guess.” He propped the backpack up on his shoulder and stood still as if he was waiting for Yoongi, which he would never admit he did although they both knew the truth.

The senior shrugged as he got out of his seat, throwing his bag over his shoulder and slowly walked passed the younger, who followed right behind. ”What are you gonna do when you get to your friend then?” Jimin only shrugged as a response. The halls were completely empty by now, only a few teachers could be seen. ”Well, I’ll probably hear about it tomorrow either ways.”

”Probably.” The pair walked the rest of the way in silence before finally parting different ways once outside.

Jimin ran all the way to his house, ignoring the burning feeling in his chest. He threw the front door open as soon as he reached his destination, only sprinting to his room to grab his blanket and then continued running to where his friend was waiting for him. Jungkook lived in an apartment in the middle of Busan, and so running all the way there seemed like a bothersome task but Jimin didn’t really have a choice. As soon as he saw the building in which his friend lived, he made one last effort to increase the pace.

It only took a few minutes before he finally stood in Jungkook’s apartment, kicking off his shoes. As soon as he saw his friend he hugged him tight, declaring that he would never let go. Jungkook was stiff in his arms but Jimin didn’t care about his friend’s opinion about hugs. As soon as the younger friend wriggled out of the tight grip they made their way to the couch, Jungkook walking with slow and heavy steps as if he had no energy to do otherwise.

”So, do you want to talk about it?” Jungkook shook his head and took the soft blanket out of his friend’s hands, spreading it over their legs. ”Okay, we can just watch a movie or something. Are you hungry?” Jungkook once again shook his head, more fiercely this time, making his brown hair flop. Jimin squinted, not really believing it. ”Are you sure? Kookie you have to eat.” The silence that followed made the older friend make up his mind and he got up from the comfortable couch and walked straight into the kitchen.

When he came back with two bowls of steaming hot noodles, Jungkook’s eyes widened with something that Jimin only could describe as a mixture between joy and fear. ”Here ya go, eating is great.” The younger friend seemed hesitant at first, but the hunger probably took over and soon he was shoveling the noodles into his mouth, not caring about not making a mess. Two hours were then spent in silence as they turned on the tv. Sometime under those hours Jungkook laid down so his head rested on Jimin’s thighs, and he couldn’t help but to place his hand in the younger boy’s hair and carefully stroke it. It didn’t take long before Jungkook fell asleep, soft snores escaping his lips. Jimin lowered the volume on the tv and then closed his own eyes, letting his friend’s breathing and the low sounds from the tv lull him to sleep.

When Jimin opened his eyes once again it was dark in the room, the only source of light being the tv, and Jungkook was still sleeping in his lap. He had no idea what time it was but he had no desire to get up and find out, since he didn’t want to wake up his friend. The gray haired boy only shrugged and let himself close his eyes and fall asleep again, not really caring about school next day.

”Shit Jimin, don’t you have to go to school?” Jungkook’s voice woke up the older boy, but opening his eyes and being met with a bright room certainly didn’t make him any more energetic. ”It’s nearly 9 o’clock, you should leave.”

Jimin groaned as he slowly got out of the couch, his joints creaking in protest. Sitting in a couch for that long probably isn’t very good for your body. ”I really don’t want to.”

Jungkook sighed and picked up the blanket that had escaped to the floor which he gave to his older friend. ”You gotta.”

”I’ll go if you do.”

The brown haired boy shook his head, gesturing wildly with his arms. ”Then you won’t go.”

”No, I guess I won’t.”
A grin broke through the bothered front that Jungkook put up, and he plopped down onto the couch once again. ”Then what do you wanna do?”   Jimin’s phone rang in the middle of a game of Twister, and Jimin hesitantly picked it up when he saw that it was Taehyung calling.
 ”Where the fuck are you?” 

Jimin looked over at his younger friend, who shook his head and crossed his arms, forming an x over his chest. ”I’m home.”

 ”Home? What the fuck do you mean home?” 

The gray haired boy sighed and scratched his head as he thought. ”I’m home.”

 ”Yeah I fucking got that the first time. Why?” 

”I’m sick.”

 ”No you’re fucking not.” 

Jungkook sat down on the couch, looking down at the floor so his bangs hid his eyes. Something sank in Jimin’s stomach. ”I’ll be there tomorrow, I promise.”

 ”I swear to god, Park Jimin, I’ll sue the fu-” 

Jimin didn’t let his friend finish, but cut off the call in the middle of his sentence. He felt guilty for it, of course, but he had to take care of Jungkook first and then he could let himself worry over Taehyung’s rage. He sat down beside his younger friend, placing a hand on his small shoulders. ”Are you okay?”

Jungkook nodded, redirecting his eyes up to meet his older friend’s dark ones. ”Yeah, thanks.” There was a question that had bubbled in Jimin’s chest ever since coming over to the small apartment, and Jimin didn’t want to have it unanswered any longer.

”Why didn’t you want me to bring Taehyung?” 

Jungkook shrugged. ”I don’t know. I wanted someone I could just sit quietly and watch a movie with. Taehyung can never shut up.” Jimin laughed at this, since it was extremely true. Whether Taehyung had something nice, or something not nice to say, he always said it. ”Thanks for coming over, by the way. It means a lot.”

Jimin gave his friend a pat on the shoulder, and the small touch made the younger calm down even more. ”Of course, I’m your friend and that’s what friends do.” Jungkook, much to his older friend’s surprise, wrapped his arms around Jimin’s waist and pulled him into a tight hug.

”I love you, Chimchim.”

The gray haired boy felt his stomach getting warmer by his friend’s words, and had he been alone he would've probably yelled out a prolonged ’aw’ but he held it back, for the sanity of the friend beside him. ”I love you too, Kookie.”

Jungkook nuzzled his face into Jimin’s neck and the older of the two pulled the blanket over them and slowly laid down onto the couch once again, so the younger was on top of him. ”Thanks for being my friend, Chimchim.”
The older friend put his hand in the brunette’s hair, running his fingers through it, knowing Jungkook loved when people did that. ”Thanks for not disappearing.” The heavy breathing coming from his friend told Jimin that he was on his way to dream land, and he had no intentions to ruin that. He wanted his friend to sleep in the same way that he forced himself not to. ”Sleep tight.” Jungkook mumbled something into the skin of Jimin’s collar bones, something that he couldn’t understand, although he didn’t ask the younger boy to repeat himself. Jungkook's breathing slowed down and got heavier by the second and Jimin sighed in relief at the warmth radiating from the boy on top of him. He wrapped some brown strands of hair between his fingers, happy that his friend was alive, happy that they were both alive to be able to experience the peacefulness of the moment. Jungkook's fingers were trailing patterns on his older friend's collar bones, and his breathing slightly tickled on Jimin's neck but nothing seemed out of place or wrong. Everything felt just right, like none of them had problems or doubts of any kind. Like the lives they were living weren't actually their own, they had somehow adopted some other life styles and some other brains with other minds. They weren't Jungkook and Jimin anymore. Jungkook and Jimin weren't happy. These two boys, lying in each other's arms, they were happy.Soon they were both drifting off, this time only to the sound of the other one breathing. It had a calming effect, Jimin thought, having your friend sleep beside (or in this case, on top of) you. Jimin wasn't as content as he wanted to be however, for the memories of his younger friend and their liveliness still haunted him. He wanted his younger friend to be okay again, he wanted to see his eyes sparkle the way they had done a few years ago, he wanted to hear his unbothered laugh and see his unbothered smile and the small wrinkles that formed with it. He missed the way Jungkook ran like he was being chased by wolves, all the while letting his bubbly laugh and small yelps escape his lips when he tripped over his own feet. He missed the cheerful, sunny Jungkook that he learned to know in middle school. If you asked Jimin what he longed for the most, the thing his heart most ached for, he would answer without a second thought and without the tiniest doubt that he missed Jungkook from before it happened, from before he fell and crashed only to hit the ground harder than ever before. If you asked Jimin for his biggest regret he wouldn't hesitate to tell you about how he hadn't been there to catch him.Because Jungkook deserved so much although he only got so little. Because Jungkook deserved the world, although all he got was Jimin.



Chapter End Notes
this is p rushed like its 2am where i live and im p fucking t i r e d but i wanted to write this and i finally got my writing juices flowing so like cant waste it u know u never know when ill get it back lolofinally i got to write som kooks into this 2 like hes gotten 2 little screen time n rn im happy w how it turned out however ill probably look back on this tomorrow n be like wtf stop so like yea here u go probsas always comments r v much appreciated n u know ily and now its nearly half pasted three and i should sleep god damn so ill c u soon love u dont 4get abt me now(also fun fact im skyping w a fren right now and shes fallen asleep n i can hear her breathe and its sO CUTE SHES SO SMOL ok bye)


surprise i guess
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





There were many things that Yoongi would never admit to anyone, things that would probably follow him into his grave, and him noticing Jimin’s absence that day and feeling a tinge of disappointment was one of them. The black haired boy did his best to blame the small but distinct feeling in his chest on anything else than the sudden disappearance of his desk partner, although it all was seemingly hopeless. Something in the back of his mind whispered to him, putting seeds into his thoughts, that maybe the gray haired brat wasn’t going to come back. Because maybe his detention was shortened, maybe the teacher’s saw his improvement and let him off.
The silence did nothing to calm the senior’s racing thoughts, Mr. Kim was detention guard and so everyone in the room held their breaths, no one was willing to accidentally make a sound and anger the already bitter teacher. Yoongi cursed at himself for not asking for the younger boy’s number when he had the chance, not that he would ever use it, of course. Oh, god damn it.
The black haired boy let himself mope, only for that hour. He promised himself to drop the worried, silly thoughts as soon as he was out of the stuffy room, but it felt like an eternity before he got to do just that. Time seemed to have simply forgotten to pass. It pissed him off. It all pissed him off. Jimin not being there pissed him off, Mr. Kim’s disapproving frown pissed him off, the clock on the other side of the room’s inability to move pissed him off. He felt like a walking and talking time bomb, as if it was only a matter of minutes, perhaps seconds, before he would explode into a punching and kicking fit. He was mad. He was angry and he wanted to take it out on whatever and whoever he could.

He spent the rest of the excruciating hour of detention on moping over Jimin’s absence and glaring at someone sitting a few seats away, just so he could vent some of his anger through stabbing them with his eyes. It didn’t work very well.

”I might very well murder someone, I swear to God.” The first thing Yoongi did when he was out from school was call Namjoon, only to in some way hinder himself from actually killing someone. Why was he so angry?

 ”Don’t you have any other way to rant than calling me? Am I really your only friend?” 

Yoongi turned a corner, grunting loudly. He didn’t care about the passerby's worried looks that were thrown his way. ”No, but Jin is too nice so you can’t yell with him.”

 ”Hm, true. He truly is nice.” 

The black haired boy scoffed as he typed the code numbers into the key pad, failing a few times before successfully being able to open the door to his apartment building. ”Jesus, I’m barfing over here.” He ran the few flights of stairs, taking the steps two at a time, until he was standing in front of the door 2B, searching in his pockets for the keys. ”And I’m still angry. Maybe I’ll actually punch my brothers this time. I can’t promise that I won’t.”

 ”You would never punch your brothers.” 

When he couldn’t find his keys he kicked the door, harder than he should’ve, and cursed loudly. ”Jesus fucking Christ.” He banged on the door, as if someone actually would be home. No one was. He stopped himself from yelling, because of course this was the day his parents worked late and his brothers would be at their grandmother. Of fucking course. ”Namjoon can I come over to your place?”

Namjoon laughed. ”Yeah, you wish.”

”I’m serious.”

 ”So am I. My parents are home, and well they hate you so that’s a pretty bad idea. Check with Jin, maybe he’ll be able to do something about it.” 

Yoongi was already making his way over to Jin’s apartment in the outer skirts of town, cursing under his breath yet again when he felt the first drops landed on top of his head. ”It’s raining Namjoon, and what the fuck do I do if Jin’s not home or something?”

The younger boy sighed, probably rubbing his temples too. ”We’ll fix it. You’re not gonna be sleeping outside tonight, okay? Call me if you need something else, I gotta go or else mom will probably whack me. I’ll see you later.”

Yoongi got no time to answer and the call was cut off after Namjoon finished speaking. He immediately turned to Jin, who picked up the phone after only a few rings. ”Jin I’m locked out and it’s raining, Namjoon’s parents are home so I can’t go there and I’m only wearing the uniform and a thin jacket so I’m probably gonna freeze to death please help.”

The other line followed with silence, the older friend was probably shocked at the sudden throw of information and had a hard time swallowing it. ”Why are you only wearing a thin jacket in March, are you stupid?”

”Woah thanks mom, but this isn’t really the time.”

The pink haired boy sighed, and something resembling guilt banged in the younger friend’s chest. ”God this isn’t really a good time.”

Life sure wanted to fuck Yoongi in the ass and he stopped right in his tracks once he understood that he wouldn’t find shelter at Jin’s place either. ”Why? What’s happening?”

”Don’t tell anyone. I’ve kinda got a date in like,” he paused, checking the time, ”twenty minutes. And you know I would’ve let you come over anyways, but my parents are also home.” Right, they hate him too. ”I’m sorry, Yoongs.”

Date? Yoongi would’ve asked if not for the other, more important thoughts, that swarmed his head. ”Then what the fuck do I do?”

 ”I don’t know.” 

Yoongi didn’t say anything before hanging up. If he thought he was angry before, then what he was feeling now was extreme rage bubbling his stomach and making his head feel too small. He really wanted to kick something, and so he let his foot slam into the nearest lamp post. It hurt, god damn, it hurt. He started walking home, trying not to put any weight on the foot he had hurt, cursing every time he did so anyways.
Being able to slide down to the floor outside his apartment was a relief and his foot didn’t ache as much now- although his anger had only grown during the half hour the cold rain whipped him in the face and drenched him completely. He picked up his phone, checking for any missed calls or unanswered messages, but it was as quiet as ever. His friends didn’t ever bother to check up on him. He wanted to vent and unleash his anger but he had no one to yell at, at least no one of real importance.

Then it hit him and he could imagine the lightbulb turning on over his head as he remembered his so-called dealer. Yoongi started typing a message to the stranger, the built up rage inside of him making him not care if he would regret the action later.


[Mistake]: Who are you?
Jimin gulped. He was still in Jungkook’s apartment since he didn’t want to leave the boy alone, he wanted to make sure the brown haired friend ate like he should and didn’t skip out on sleep (Jimin sure did feel like a hypocrite) so he could return to school in earlier than three weeks.

[Jimin]: What do you mean?

The gray haired boy didn’t have to wait for long before his phone buzzed, signaling an answer. Jungkook was asleep in his room and Jimin was alone on the couch. During the day he had been at his friend’s place he had not once seen his parents, and Jungkook didn’t seem the least bothered about it- at least not more than he already was. Jimin took a deep breath before unlocking his phone.

[Mistake]: I got this number from a friend, so either he made it up on the spot and you’re a stranger or you know him and in that case I’m going to straight up murder him.

Jimin had laughed if he wasn’t utterly scared shitless.

[Jimin]: Who’s your friend?

[Mistake]: The fucker’s called Youngbae. You know him?

Oh boy, oh boy. Jimin sure did. Should he tell the truth and possibly cause a homicide or should he keep his mouth shut and save the trouble maker’s life?

[Jimin]: Dong Youngbae?

[Mistake]: …

[Mistake]: He’s dead I’m gonna kill him

The gray haired boy pictured how Yoongi geared up with handguns and machetes, getting ready to chop some class mate to pieces, and no matter how fun the image was in his mind, he probably shouldn’t let it actually happen.

[Jimin]: Don’t kill Youngbae

[Jimin]: Have you got any idea why he gave you my number? Because I’m not really his friend, I’m more a friend of a friend

[Mistake]: Who’s your friend, then?

Jimin was way past giving fucks at that point and only let what happened happen. The only thing he wanted to avoid was tipping Yoongi off about his identity, however that was a clear possibility seeing how this could really only lead to one thing.

[Jimin]: His name’s Jiyong

[Mistake]: And who are you?

There it was. The dreaded words, and Jimin’s heart flipped as he read them and the reaction didn’t dull down as he reread it. He didn’t really have a choice here, the truth would emerge however he did since the senior would talk to Youngbae and find out about Jimin. But how had Youngbae gotten Jimin’s number?

[Jimin]: Well, uh

[Jimin]: I’m Jimin

[Jimin]: Hello

It felt like several years before Yoongi responded, and Jimin couldn’t really blame him. It would’ve probably blown his mind if he were in his senior’s shoes, but since the two barely knew each other the gray haired boy had no idea how the older would react and so he braced himself for what was to come.

[Mistake]: …

[Mistake]: Jimin as in the gray haired dude from detention?

[Mistake]: What the fuck

[Jimin]: surprise, i guess

[Mistake]: I’m going to murder Youngbae I swear to fucking god

[Jimin]: no ur not, ur 2 soft for that

[Mistake]: Fucking watch me, kid

[Mistake]: And I’m not soft where the fuck did you get that idea

[Jimin]: no real thug would help someone with math, hyung

[Mistake]: Don’t call me that

[Jimin]: whatever

He reacted better than Jimin had dared hope for. The senior wasn’t angry with him, he was directing those feelings entirely at Youngbae, and for that Jimin was grateful. He figured there wouldn’t be any more conversations for the day so he put down his phone and leaned back into the soft pillows of the couch. He was exhausted but didn’t dare close his eyes just in case something happened with Jungkook, he didn’t want his younger friend to wake up and have no one to turn to again.

Jimin had missed a whole day of school taking care of his broken friend. Maybe he should feel guilty for leaving Taehyung, and he knew this wouldn’t exactly help his entire detention situation, but it all seemed to meaningless. His friend had needed him, and still did, and there was no remorse in his body for helping out.

”Jimin?”

Said boy looked up from his fiddling hands and met the brown haired boy’s pleading eyes with a soft smile. ”Yea?”

Jungkook looked so small, standing there in the doorway with his shoulders slumped and arms hanging limply by his sides, causing Jimin’s heart to sink in his chest. ”What’s the time?” After checking his phone, Jimin answered with a shrug that it was almost 8pm. ”I shouldn't sleep now, then.”

”Will you follow me to school tomorrow?” It didn’t even seem as if the younger boy was thinking about it, he only shook his head in silence. Jimin gave the couch a pat, signaling for his friend to sit down beside him. ”Look, how about we go to school and if it feels really bad we go back home?” Jungkook once again shook his head and the gray haired boy only pulled him into a hug. ”You shouldn’t skip, Kookie. Let’s go to school tomorrow, please.”

After a minute’s consideration the younger boy nodded hesitantly, tugging at his bottom lip with his teeth. ”Okay.” Jimin pulled out of the hug to be able to look at his friend, a smile breaking out on his face. ”And I’ll wait for you when you have detention, I don’t wanna go home alone.”

The thought of detention and how his punishment would get increased downed Jimin’s mood but he did his best to hide it from the boy beside him. ”Of course. Whatever feels good for you.” Jungkook nodded and nuzzled into a warm hug again, his head resting on the shorter friend’s shoulders, which wasn’t really ideal but they made it work. ”Jungkook,” the brown haired boy hummed at the mention of his name, ”Please get better.”

”Only if you promise to do the same.” It was certainly a reaction that the older hadn’t expected, and the words were barely whispered into his neck. Jimin didn’t ask, he only nodded and put his hand on his friend’s back.

”Deal. I’ll get better if you do.” It wasn’t deal. Jimin knew his words were empty, he was well aware that he wouldn’t get better- he just dearly hoped his friend would. If lying meant that Jungkook would be okay, well then he would lie until his tongue fell off. 

Jimin’s phone buzzed, and without letting go of his friend he checked it. Yoongi again.

[Mistake]: Also, why weren’t you at detention today?

The gray haired boy typed with only one hand, which was hard enough without Jungkook’s desperate need for closeness.

[Jimin]: at frnds

[Jimin]: he need hugs

Jungkook whined at the device lying in Jimin’s hand, he obviously didn’t want his friend to use it.

[Mistake]: So he’s okay?

[Jimin]: for nwo

[Jimin]: he rly wants hugs i need 2 go
Jimin put his phone on silent and turned on the tv, lying down on the couch with Jungkook as the big spoon. He felt his younger friend's fingers playing with his hair and he almost purred at the sensation, but he stopped himself since it would be all too weird. When someone on the show they were watching made a joke he could feel Jungkook's puff of laughter tickling on his neck and it made his entire body arch. He, in all honesty, hated being the little spoon. Jimin didn't plan on telling his friend since it was a special moment and he didn't want to in any way wreck it by being picky. Besides, Jungkook was taller so it was more natural for him to be the big spoon.


Yoongi wanted to scream. He was locked out, his foot hurt if he tried to touch it (which he did anyways because he’s a sucker for pain) and his Not-Dealer had turned out to be his desk partner. The day was going to shit and he hated everything with a burning passion. The fact that Jimin didn’t even seem fazed by it was annoying, to say the least, and Yoongi hated that the ash haired boy was right now snuggling up to some friend when he was locked out and cold and bitter. It didn’t seem fair. Yoongi also wanted to cuddle and be cozy but he was stuck outside on the hard wooden floor without anything nearby to warm him up.He didn’t have a Jimin to hug or a Jungkook to comfort. He had a Jin and a Namjoon, but he was sure that he was never truly on top of their lists, he was more like the third wheel of the friendship. In some cases he had Youngbae, but hanging out with him always resulted in fighting some strangers or doing other bad things which weren’t really heart warming. Yoongi was alone.Now, there were many feelings that Yoongi had been forced to deal with during the 18 years he’s lived- a lot of disappointments, a great amount of shame and a fair share of gut wrenching anger. However, nothing could compare to the pain he felt the second his hand grazed by something hard in his uniform pocket and he realized it wasn’t a pen, it wasn’t his phone- it was the apartment keys. He forced himself not to punch holes in the thin walls surrounding him and swiftly unlocked the door, sneaking inside to not disturb his neighbors more than he’d already done. He kicked off his shoes and did no detours before crashing in his bed, exhausted and soaking and cold, longing for whatever warmth he could find.

When Yoongi woke up the next day and was met with low chatter coming from the kitchen, a sense of calmness crept up on him and settled in his stomach. He was home, he was surrounded by his (admittedly way too big) family and even though his mind tried so stubbornly in telling him otherwise, he was both wanted and loved. He exited his room, in quite the hurry since he had slept longer than he meant to, and greeted his younger brothers with a nod, which they returned. The black haired boy said goodbye to his parents and left the small apartment, his stomach churning in hunger from not eating in more than a day. The steps he took were light and quick, his scrawny legs carried him all through town much faster than we could've guessed, for he arrived at school without so much as noticing. It was as usual habit that he walked up all the flights of stairs, not because he actually wanted to so paint him surprised when he found himself talking with Jin about some homework- he couldn't even recall entering school grounds.

It was when the lesson started that Yoongi remembered detention, and the fact that it was still uncertain whether Jimin would show up or not. The senior was unsure how to feel about it, there was a growing discomfort in his chest that had been present ever since the truth about the Dealer had been unveiled and he had no idea what it meant or how to interpret it. The only thing he knew was that he hoped that familiar tuft of gray would appear as it always did, and that his smile would be as ever present as it always had been. The one with the squinty eyes and small wrinkles. That smile. That smile that managed to brighten up the entire room, blinding Yoongi in the process. Yeah. That one.



Chapter End Notes
hi hello thIS IS SUCH A FILLER THO IM SO SORRY I PROMISE THINGSLL GO MUCH MORE LIKE MORE IN FUTURE CHAPTERS IT JUST TURNED OUT LIKE THIS AND I DONT KNOW I JUST WANTED TO GET IT DONE JESSSUSUSUUSUSuhum never mind that so hello hope uve missed me ive only been gon 4 like 4 days jesus am i okive got a quick question yes ive been wanting to write a completely different fic 4 vhope and i have sO MANY IDEAS (w less angst n more fluff i need more fluff in me lif) and i wont stop writing on this one but i want 2 write som other 2 to get that variation bby yea so i just wanted to check if some1 is even interested in reading som other fic (i wont start writing on it nOw bc if i can barely get this good i wont be able to handle another fic on the side) so yeawell that was it i think jesus i always forget what i wanna say at the end jesus ok bye love u(also two days ago ((the 27th of february)) was my anniversary for being a complete nerd bc i started listening 2 kpop a  year ago i celebrated by eating lots of chocolate and watching not today on repeat i love life)(((alsO sorry 4 talking so much but if u could just be a beb and tell me if uve got a favorite chapter ive written and in that case which one?? bc that means i can go back and look at what i did in that chapter n learn n also c what ppl find good and not good yea gr8 love u all)))((((jESUS its chapter 9 and like tHERES SO MUCH LEFT how will this even go jesus)))))))))))))(((((((UPDATE im going 2 new york on friday and ill be gone for like a week?? something like that so i wont update during that time, sry bout that lol but ill make sure next chapter is gonna be full of gr8 things and not just stay still yea thats all i wanted thx bye love u)))))))))))))))))))))


overpriced chocolate
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Yoongi never told his friends about Jimin. He never thought it would be necessary to share about detention and what happened there, he wouldn’t get anything (except maybe some pats on the back) out of it. But this really tore on him, the whole dealer situation. He wanted his friends to help him or at least be frustrated and confused with him, but it wasn’t possible if he didn’t tell them everything about Jimin and who he was.
And Yoongi didn’t want to do that.In some way he viewed the boy like his. His desk partner, his ray of sunshine, his secret. Detention had in some odd way changed, it was no longer something he wanted to get out of and skip, it had become a part of his day that he almost looked forward to. It didn’t matter how much the senior wanted to deny or ignore it, he knew exactly why this change had happened. He had found a friend. A friend with gray messy hair and a large, squinty smile that made Yoongi’s stomach flip. And it was his, all his. He didn’t want to share Jimin with Namjoon or Jin, he didn’t want them to know about the ash haired boy’s bubbly laugh and sparkling eyes.These thoughts were scary to the senior, who had never even imagined he would feel like this- to anyone. He had been certain that his cold exterior would keep everyone at a safe distance, which made his change even more extraordinary. It was something about his desk partner that caused Yoongi to behave like this and god damn if it wasn’t the scariest thing he had ever encountered- and he had stood face to face with guys twice or thrice as big as him, getting ready to fight. No, this was different. This was sneakier, trickier. Yoongi could feel himself getting dragged into the boy, like iron to a magnet or moth to a flame and he wanted to break free, yet the thought of never again seeing that wide grin made his head spin.”Whatcha thinking about?” Jin’s soft voice snapped Yoongi right out of his thoughts and the boy looked up from the spot he had been staring at for the last twenty minutes. ”It’s gotta be something real important for you to shut down like that.”Namjoon shook his head and poked the pink haired friend in the shoulder with a pen. ”Or it’s just regular old Yoongi.” They laughed silently at the bitter boy sitting beside them, which in no way helped him get more up beat.”At least I can think, dumbass.”His two friends snickered, drawing their heads together as if shutting out Yoongi. ”Oooh, feisty.” They got no answer, the black haired boy instead tried to focus his energy on tapping his fingers on the table to not punch them in the face. His lack of reaction seemed to bore the two small devils sitting beside him, so the teasing stopped.”How long ’til lunch? I’m starving.” Namjoon rolled his eyes at the pink haired boy’s question, because of course he was hungry. It’s Jin. Yoongi reminded his friend that he should eat better breakfasts since it was still early in the morning and long until lunch. His friend only shrugged at this. ”I eat a good, healthy breakfast but now I’m hungry, y’know?””I don’t know.”Namjoon put an arm over the oldest friend's shoulders, which made caused Yoongi to flinch in surprise. ”Well, I know and lunch’s only a few hours away. You’ll live. Maybe we’ll even go down to the shop and buy something for ya.”Yoongi’s already raised eyebrow shot up through the roof. Had they gotten married in secret or had Namjoon just given up about hiding his feelings? ”Well, eh, no. Too expensive and not worth it.””Since when do you care?””Since now.” The black haired boy ignored the glares that was shot his way. ”Either way class is gonna start soon so.”Namjoon nearly jumped out of his seat, his mouth agape. ”And since when do you care about class? Yoongi what the fuck has happened to you?””Just because I don’t wanna go down and buy some stupid overpriced chocolate means I’ve suddenly changed and become some new, refined me?” Yoongi was fully aware that he was growing annoyed, and so were his friends. None of them cared enough to stop the soon-to-be argument.The youngest boy rubbed his temples, letting out several sighs and looking at his pink haired crush for help. The crush, in return, took a deep breath. ”Well, no, of course not. You’ve always been cheap.” The attempt at a joke fell flat but he continued without seeming to mind. ”But you do care more about school now than you’ve ever done before. You haven’t skipped like, at all.”Okay, Yoongi had to admit they were right. He hadn’t skipped any classes lately, however he wouldn’t really call that a change. It was more of a discreet shift. ”Jesus, so all this because maybe I’ve started to care about my education?”Namjoon scoffed. ”Now that’s just stupid.””You’re fucking stupid.”Jin pulled on his friend’s sleeve in a useless effort to calm him down. ”Yoongi, shit, chill. What’s with you?” Yoongi didn’t answer, only got up from his desk and exited the classroom, leaving behind two confused friends.The black haired boy ran down the several flights of stairs, having to catch his breath once out of the school. He had no idea what to do. He wanted to go home but his youngest brother and mother would be home (damn you, fever) and usually when he skipped he hid somewhere in school, however his friends would easily find him if he stayed there. He didn’t know where he could go. Yoongi was angry with his friends. He was annoyed at their hidden romance, making his stomach churn and their need to watch over Yoongi and his life. What does it matter if he doesn’t skip? Do they want to get rid of him, is that it? Are they just tired of his constant bitterness, even though they earlier didn’t care about it. Jesus, Yoongi needed a smoke.Despite the cold he fished out the pack of cigs he had hidden in an inner pocket of his jacket and swiftly placed one of the thin sticks in between his chapped lips, lighting it. Without pause he took a long drag, feeling the toxic smoke filling his lungs before breathing it out again. It all made his head slow down, easing him up so he was able to think more clearly. As he stood there, slowly letting himself get calmer by the second, he started to think about what to do and where to go. He knew there was only one person he actually wanted to spend time with, however doing so would put the younger boy in a kind of trouble he didn’t need at the moment.Ah shit, since when did Yoongi actually care?So he let his feet carry him. He knew exactly where that was, but he did absolutely nothing to stop them since, truthfully, it felt right even though it was probably really wrong. First he had to find out which classroom he was supposed to get to, but once that was over with, he climbed the stairs as if he was on a god sent mission.He swung the door open, letting his eyes sweep over the full classroom. And there he sat, his head now completely turned to face Yoongi’s grin. The gray haired boy looked drained, like a ghost of what he once was. The sight of Jimin’s empty stare made the senior even more determined.”Park Jimin, you’re coming with me.” The whole classroom drew a gasp of air, because this was Min Yoongi, demanding Park Jimin to leave with him. Jimin did nothing except raise an eyebrow, making the black haired boy sigh in exasperation before he entered the room, criss crossing between desks to get to him.”Min Yoongi, what are y-””Ah, teach. I’m gonna steal Park Jimin here.” Yoongi gave the younger boy a pat on the shoulder, shooting the teacher a forced smile, his tone marking the end of the conversation.”You will do no such thing!” Mr. Oh’s temper was short-lived, making the boy enjoy the rebellious act more than he actually should.The senior grabbed Jimin’s hand, pulling him out of his seat. ”Sorry, man. He’s booked for the day.” Without letting the teacher answer, they were both out of the classroom. Yoongi dragged the half-dead boy after him, not hearing a single protest.They stopped as soon as they stood outside of the school, their forced breaths coming out as white clouds. ”So, what do you say?” Jimin only shrugged, ignoring every attempt there older did to talk, which made him grow worried, his partner’s usual behavior blown away as if it had never been there in the first place. ”Are you alright?” The tuft of gray bounced as the boy nodded, however Yoongi found it extremely hard to believe.”I’m fine.”Yoongi hadn’t released the younger boy’s hand, and the realization of their closeness as they stood caused him to drop it immediately. ”No, you’re not. Has something happened?” Jimin ignored the question and simply stated that he was cold, which made the senior panic only slightly. ”Shit, yeah it’s kinda cold isn’t it? Do you know any place cheap?”The two walked in silence to the coffee shop Jimin had recommended, and once they arrived they ordered their drinks and sat down- also in silence.”So what has happened?” Jimin only looked down at his hands wrapped around the coffee mug, completely ignoring his senior’s question. ”Then again, why would you tell me that?” The younger boy shrugged.Yoongi’s stomach dropped seeing his desk partner like this, and all he really wanted to do was pull the not so small boy into a tight hug to squeeze out all the sadness. He at least wanted to be some kind of support, however since they weren’t exactly friends but rather just desk partners, that seemed pretty unlikely. ”Then can you at least tell me if something has happened?” The nod that followed caused Yoongi to almost throw himself and his warm hugs at the younger boy, but he refrained himself from it.
A thought that had rested in the back of his mind suddenly reappeared, shocking the senior how he hadn’t really given the subject more attention before. Taehyung. The lone fact that Taehyung, Jimin’s best friend, could be behind the sudden melancholy made Yoongi’s blood boil.

”Jimin.” The boy looked up, his eyes locking with Yoongi’s. ”This Taehyung, he a good guy?”

It was as if the world froze and time stood still, for the boy sitting in front of the senior seemed to forget how to breathe. ”Y- yeah, of course.” Yoongi squinted, not believing a single word. Jimin sighed. ”I mean, every friendship has its ups and downs.” By the tone of his voice, Yoongi couldn’t imagine that this friendship in particular had just ups and downs. From what he had overheard, Taehyung didn’t look like the greatest guy in the book.
”Did he say anything to you?” Jimin drew back, averting his eyes to everywhere except for the senior in front of him. ”Do anything? Has anything happened between you two?”It took a while. If you asked Yoongi, he would’ve said that it had probably passed at least two years before he managed to get out an answer out of the ash haired boy. Although hearing the explanation, hearing about what had happened that morning, did absolutely nothing to calm him down. It had in fact the complete opposite effect, the blood rushing to his head and his sudden restlessness made him not really think straight. The fact that someone as small and pure as Jimin was caught in such a friendship, well, it certainly clouded the senior’s vision.Before, Yoongi wanted to hug Jimin to get rid of the pain. Now, well he still wanted to hug the boy, but he also wanted to land a punch on Taehyung’s face. He wanted to yell at the still pretty unknown boy in the same way he had yelled at Jimin. Yoongi wanted to swear at him, crush his spirit, make him feel the exact same way Jimin felt. But he knew he couldn’t. The senior wasn’t stupid, he was fully aware that Jimin would pull away completely if something like that were to happen, so he held his tongue, bit the inside of his cheek, dug his fingernails into the palms of his hands, he did everything he could think of to not let out the anger he felt bubbling inside of him.
”Jimin.” No reaction. ”That fucking sucks.”
”He’s my friend. I get that he’s angry with me, and he’ll forgive me soon. He always does.”Everything felt so sour. Jimin wasn’t in the wrong here, and while Yoongi could in some way understand where Taehyung came from, his reaction was completely uncalled for. ”Look, you do you okay, but the way I see it that’s no friend, and you shouldn’t take his shit.”
Finally the boy looked up, running his hand through his hair to get it out of his eyes. He didn’t look pleased. ”What the fuck do you know? We’re not friends, you have literally no idea what’s going on in Taehyung’s or my life, you can’t possibly reach the conclusion that Taehyung isn’t a good friend just because of one thing!”
”Calm down, kid. All I’m saying i-”Jimin got up from his seat and started to collect the few things he had brought, which was pretty much just his uniform jacket he had removed because of the heat inside the shop. ”Yeah, and I don’t care. You drag me out of class to what, talk about my problems? What kind of psychological bullshit is that?” His voice, although loud and seemingly strong, carried a sense of vulnerability to it, and Yoongi was sure he could hear it break at some points.The senior knew he had to get the boy to go quiet, since there was no way they were going to make a scene and get kicked out just because someone couldn’t take hearing the truth. ”Jesus, Jimin, calm the fuck down!””I won’t calm the fuck down because you have absolutely no right to pry in my personal life just because you help me out with math. You know nothing about me, Yoongi, stop acting like it.” Jimin was about to leave when Yoongi acted on impulse, shooting out of his seat, grabbing the younger boy’s wrist and drag him outside to properly talk without having to worry about the owner of the small shop kicking them out.”Jimin, I’m sure you’re upset and I get that but if you think that I in some way care about your personal life, you’re absolutely wrong. I’m simply a great person.” Yoongi cared. Oh how he cared.”If you don’t care about my personal life then why the fuck would you act so much like it?” He had a point, and Yoongi wasn’t really sure how he would be able to twirl his way out of this one.”As I said, I’m simply a great person.” He noticed the doubt in Jimin’s eyes and quickly struggled to continue the sentence, the uncertainness choking him. ”I dragged you out of class since I was bored and my friends suck, right? And I know you love me so I didn’t think you’d mind.””I do mind! And jesus christ, where did you get that idea?”Yoongi, despite how much he wanted to ask for forgiveness and go back to gently tease the boy instead of actually hurting him, only shrugged and looked around as if he didn’t actually want to be there. ”I mean, everyone does.”The younger boy pulled his wrist out of Yoongi’s tight grip, distancing himself. He seemed to have calmed down, if only just a little. He was still really angry, though. Yoongi could tell by the way his already dark eyes had turned into black orbs. Yoongi missed those nice, sparkling eyes. He didn’t like angry Jimin. ”Taehyung is my friend. Don’t you dare imply anything else.”Yoongi scoffed and turned his back to the younger boy only to walk away without making the slightest noise. Maybe this was for the best, he thought as he climbed the steps up to the school entrance. This whatever-it-was he had with Jimin had to stop, and wasn’t this just the perfect opportunity? Sure, it would be awkward at detention, but he had no problem with that. He would forget about the boy with the crescent-like eyes and ashy hair and continue his life as usual. Skipping classes, smoking, staying out late, performing some rather inappropriate acts in the school restrooms. All that, without once letting his mind wander to the boy who once made him almost nice. No more of that. Back to the good ol’ cold Yoongi who sported poker face as if it was his job.”You’re back.”Yoongi shrugged and sat back down beside his pink haired friend, ignoring the brown eyes that desperately searched for his. ”No shit.””What did you do? You weren’t gone for very long.””Yeah, well, whatever.” The following tries to start a conversation got the same kind of unresponsive answers, making Jin give up the friendliness after a while. He knew his Yoongi was in a bad mood and also that trying to cheer up the bitter boy was pretty much useless, and so he just shut up.Namjoon walked in through the door, a look of surprise washing over his face as soon as the sight of Yoongi once again sitting by his desk hit him. ”Oh, Yoongi. You’re here.” Said boy rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest, his mouth pulled down into a frown. Like always. ”Still a little annoyed, I see. Well, you be however pissed off you wanna be. Jin, I got you the chocolate.” The coos that followed made the black haired boy gag. Was the whole day gonna be like this?

Yoongi was fed up with his friends. They were so incredibly obvious about their feelings yet the other never seemed to think about it. Namjoon had laughed and called their oldest friend, Yoongi couldn’t believe it, ”cute.” He wanted to throw up. During lunch they stole food from each other but the second they accidentally touched hands they drew apart faster than Yoongi could blink and then they wouldn’t look at each other for ten minutes.
Namjoon had payed attention to Jin for the rest of the day, begging him to tell another joke or to do that stupid dance and jesus Yoongi wanted to die. He was incredibly grateful the second their teacher told them to please shut up, and they went quiet for the rest of class.
”It wasn’t like we were disturbing the class or anything!” Namjoon of course complained about not being able to talk, rocking his chair in frustration. Yoongi dearly hoped the chair would fall.Jin shook his head, chewing on his nails. His hair was a mess after running his hand through it too many times in frustration. ”No, exactly. We were pretty much whispering!”
”You were not.” Yoongi coughed, making his friend’s attention suddenly land on him. He only looked straight forward, shrugging. ”You were pretty loud.” His friends scoffed and he scoffed right back. ”I’m sure like everyone in school could hear you.”
”Now you’re just exaggerating.””I am not. Not just the school but probably everyone i Korea could hear you. You were not almost whispering.”They stayed quiet after that. Yoongi was glad- he didn’t want to have to hear them compliment each other without being even a little bit sarcastic or hear their soft spoken words. He just wanted them to either talk about it or move on because he was extremely uncomfortable seeing his two best friends flirting with each other all day. He did want to ask them about it, maybe tell them to get their acts straight or get a room, but while he was pissed off he wasn't actually that mean. He knew they should have the space to figure it out themselves and bursting that bubble, well he didn't want to be caught in the crossfire. So he let it be. He didn't mention the cheesy compliments or frankly disgusting compliments, even though his entire being ached for him to do so.So it should’ve came as a relief when school was over and he stood with his hand resting on the doorknob, bracing himself for detention. It didn’t. He was more than anxious about seeing Jimin and having to act like before, like they had never talked in the first place. Like Jimin was just that weird kid with the gray hair and loud laugh. Like Yoongi was just the cold, non-feeling creature with a smoking problem. He didn’t like the thought of that. He didn’t like that Jimin avoided his eyes when he entered the room, and he also didn’t like the way Jimin scooted further away in his seat when he sat down. It all felt so strange, and the two desk partners hadn’t even talked for such a long while.They didn’t say a thing during all of detention. Jimin didn’t even look at him, he merely looked straight forward at the clock, watching the seconds tick by as if he longed for freedom and the rest of the day without Yoongi. To be fair, he probably did. Yoongi kind of understood, while at the same time it was a complete mystery for him. Jimin was protective over his friendship with the asshole called Taehyung, and hearing some critique was sure to stir some unwanted feelings, that he understood. But the gray haired boy’s overreaction made Yoongi want to think that his words had struck a nerve that Jimin didn’t want anyone to touch.Knowing Jimin would notice, Yoongi looked everywhere else except for at his desk partner. They were back to square one, except now Jimin was more angry than afraid. The senior wasn’t sure if that was for better or worse. In the beginning he had found the fear kind of funny, how his mere presence could scare someone like that, but as Jimin warmed up and the fear was replaced with whatever-it-was Yoongi realized that happy Jimin was a nicer Jimin. Angry Jimin, with the blank eyes and clenched fists, was just unpleasant.A feeling dangerously close to relief swarmed the senior’s chest the second he opened the door to the classroom and fled, leaving detention 30 minutes early. Mrs. Lee didn’t even notice. He lit a cig and let himself poison his lungs, because at this point it didn’t even matter. With shaking hands he unlocked his phone and typed out a text to the only person that right now could make him feel better. He got an answer almost immediately and even though everything felt pretty much like shit the fact that he always could turn to Youngbae to release all the built up pressure, even if it was just momentarily, lifted his heart slightly.[Youngbae]: Shit, dude, yeah I’ve got some left. You wanna meet up now or?[Yoongi]: As soon as possible.[Youngbae]: You’re also skipping? I’ll meet you in the parking lot I’m only a few minutes away[Yoongi]: And could you bring the other stuff too?[Youngbae]: Shit you must be feeling either pretty low or extremely high for wanting that[Yoongi]: I’m having the time of my life. Now hurry the fuck up.[Youngbae]: Jesus, calm down, I’m on my wayYoongi would’ve smiled to himself if it wasn’t for the sinking feeling in his chest. He didn’t want to have to rely on Youngbae to lift his spirit, but it was the only way out. The senior was horrible at dealing with his problems so he preferred to just scoot them under the rug until they either ceased to exist or he crashed- and that’s where Youngbae came in. Making him, for a moment, forget about those hidden troubles. He should be mad at the ”friend” for giving him a stranger’s number instead of a dealer’s, but by then he didn’t care. He wanted to forget again. Forget that he once had talked to Jimin, forget about how weak and silly his reaction to this was since they had only known about each other’s existence for like, a week. All he wanted to know was the taste of the cheap alcohol that made his head spin and the feeling of Youngbae’s lips against his, sloppy kisses with too much tongue and the muffled moans from both parts as they did things they shouldn’t actually do.And as he saw his friend, holding brown bags in both hands which contents he was fully aware of, Yoongi was certain that he wouldn’t return home that night, and maybe, just maybe, he could actually forget.



Chapter End Notes
im back from the land of the lord usa it was p gr8 i have bought lots of clothes i feel v cuteand dis is the new chapter and i know i said i would make the chapter after i return long and eventful well here it is at least its eventful rightalthough its like the same length as all my other chapters actually its p amazing right yea i keep check i know the length of my chapters down to the wORDS thats not rly amazing tholets pretend it iseveryone is p much a dick in this chapter omg im sry bangtan i love u all but im such a sucker for angst and drama honestly fist me drama whatalso i wanted to ask like do u think its moving 2 fast?? im p sure its moving 2 fast at least for yoongi jesus christ yoongi calm ur testiclesand thank u so much for all the support?? i love u guys so much its amazing i didnt think it would do this well but its incredible thank u so much omgeither way, i hope ur okay n eat n sleep like u should!! dont forget 2 take care of urself its extremely important ur health goes before anything else ok love u all v much


so pure so small
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Jimin didn’t want to, but he noticed Yoongi leaving detention early and he cursed the senior for being like this. The gray haired boy was frankly heart broken because here he was, thinking the two desk partners would actually get along and be friends, but apparently he was wrong. It wasn’t the older’s place to question Jimin’s friendships like that, so of course he got angry. He was right in getting that upset, everyone would’ve reacted the same way.
Something, however, felt so wrong. The look in Yoongi’s eyes as he left (yes, Jimin had sneaked a look, damn him) was so unlike him. It was something lying in his stare that Jimin didn’t even thought the senior had in him. The younger couldn’t explain it, nor could he really understand it. It was something completely new and it left him feeling, what exactly? Jimin was sure it wasn’t guilt, because why would he feel guilt for defending Taehyung? Yoongi wasn’t right in his accusations, it was simply jealousy. Yeah, it was jealousy.Jealousy because Jimin’s friendship with Taehyung was in fact amazing.Right?The boy shook his head to swat away the thoughts, and even though he pushed them away for the moment he knew that they would reappear later, at night. It always did. It always crept up on him when he tried to write or when he tried his best to brew another cup of coffee without waking up his sleeping parents. It always sneaked behind his back, tip toeing silently without him noticing, and then it made itself, and its poisonous fangs, known. He didn’t know how to stop it. Jimin was sure that one day these toxic thoughts would disappear and never be seen again, he was just doubtful that it would happen in the near future. Maybe in a few years, maybe in many years. But one day he would find himself free from the anxiety and the pain. Whether it was on the day of his death, maybe it was when he found a person he truly felt unconditional love for, but one day it all would disappear.In short, he felt like shit, really. He felt like shit because deep down, in a place he never let himself touch, he knew Yoongi was right. Of course he knew that. Shit, everyone that had gotten a glance at their friendship knew that something was up with Taehyung. Jimin simply didn’t want to admit it. Admitting it would mean that it’s real, that his age old friendship with the blond wasn’t as beautiful and flawless as he had once believed. His whole bubble would burst, bringing down all the expectations with it. His bubble had been so safe, so untouched for such a long time, the thought of suddenly bursting it, having to live without it, it scared him.Jimin was afraid of being alone. And that’s what he would turn out to be if his friendship with the younger ended. Jungkook would choose Taehyung over him, they had always been closer. Jimin would have to create a whole new routine and having to see his old friends keep on like he never mattered to them in the first place would hurt more than anything in the world. He didn’t want to fight with Taehyung, even though the younger had every right in the world to be angry with him. Jimin wanted to get it over with, so the second he got out of the small room, with his phone in his hands, he opened up his private chat with his friend.[Chimie]: are we ok?It took until Jimin was home, sitting by his computer with fingers itching to write something, that his phone buzzed.[taenoturhyung]: No.The gray haired boy let out an unexpected sob at the short response. His entire body wanted to break down. He wanted to let out all the tears he’d kept inside of him, but once he did that he wouldn’t stop. Jimin took several deep breaths until he felt himself calming down.[Chimie]: im really sorry tae[taenoturhyung]: Ok.And there it went, the dam broke, tears welling out of his tears without any signs of stopping. He didn’t know what to do. If Taehyung didn’t forgive him it all was over, his friendship with Jungkook would stop, everything good he had going for him would come to an end, an end he certainly wasn’t prepared to face.He refrained from throwing his phone at the wall and instead let himself drop to his bed, his exhaustion from crying and not sleeping making some rest seem like the best alternative. But he shouldn’t sleep. He didn’t deserve it. He was a terrible human being, going behind a friend’s back like that. The thought of sleeping appalled him. He felt disgusting. He should just die, shouldn’t he? That, he deserved. That, he could take. Falling asleep and never waking up. Yeah, that he wanted. Because wasn’t it really for the best for everyone?But in the end he fell asleep, hoping for death to grab a tight hold of him and never let go. It was to his disappointment that he woke up on Thursday with his heart still beating and lungs still breathing. Why wouldn’t those mysterious powerful forces listen to him for once? Just, for once, not fuck him up? Jimin didn’t even care that he had overslept. He didn’t care when he looked at his phone and saw it was almost lunch. He cared when he saw that no one had called him or wondered where he was.Arriving at school was equally heart breaking. Jungkook shot him several small smiles, showing a teeny tiny bit of support when Taehyung didn’t see, but as soon as the blond looked up it all disappeared. Jimin understood. And he accepted. Because he could understand why his friends were starting to grow sick of him. He, himself, had been growing sick of himself for more than four years now, each day seeming longer and longer and the realization that he would have to be with himself for probably 70 more years, it terrified him. It made him wonder if it even was worth it. Wasn’t everything just a huge, major let down? Wasn’t he just a huge, major let down?And now Yoongi hated him too. He had fucked up, he felt it in every cell of his body, in every single atom. They would never be friends, they would never talk again. Yoongi surely looked at him with disgust, he probably talked about him with his friends, told them about how useless Jimin was, how he was such a waste of space and air.No, he was too nice. Yoongi wouldn’t do that, right? He wouldn’t turn his back on him, would be? Then again, why wouldn’t he? Jimin had given him every reason to do so. Every sane human being would turn on Jimin now, would complain about his loud, obnoxious voice and annoying laugh, and his puffy, ugly face and too big of a body. He couldn’t believe that his friends had endured him for such a long time without complaining. He really didn’t deserve what he had gotten, and now he had fucked up with everyone.No one would ever love him. How could they? Jimin was such a bother, such a nuisance, it was a challenge to love him and he understood why nobody dared to take it on.Seeing Yoongi at detention felt like a stab in the gut. Seeing how the older didn’t even acknowledge his existence was like someone punched him in the throat. He deserved this. Jimin deserved this. He deserved the loneliness, the neglect. His parents did the right thing in not talking to him, it was the only right thing to do. Maybe he had sassed the teachers without knowing. Maybe he had behaved badly. Maybe it all was his fault.No, not maybe. It was his fault. He had to stop putting the blame on everyone else. Own up to his mistakes. He had fucked up. It was his fault. It was his fault. It was his fault. Stop being such a baby. It was his fault. He whispered it to himself, as if that would imprint it into his brain more than it had before. He wrote it on his notebook, he repeated it in his head. Everything for it to stick with him, for him to wake up. He needed to stop. Stop. Stop. He couldn’t continue acting like what he was doing was okay. Taehyung informed him of that. He should be thankful. He’s ungrateful. Stop. Grow up. It’s all his fault. Jungkook hadn’t meant it. No one had meant it. It was a lie to not hurt him. Stop stop stop. No. Continue. This is good. Bad thoughts are good. Bad thoughts, he deserved. It was all his fault. This was right. This was okay. Stop crying. Stop. No one cares. He’s really a baby. Grow up. Stop. Don’t wipe those tears. Wipe them. No. Don’t. He should be thankful. Stop. It’s all his fault. Maybe he didn’t deserve this. People make mistakes. Stop. He’s a mistake. He doesn’t have the right. He should be thankful. Stop. Stop. Stop.”Stop.” Jimin looked up in panic, immediately looking to the older boy sitting beside him. ”Shut up, Jimin.” His throat choked up and his chest tightened into a knot. He managed to get out a small what, although he wasn’t sure if Yoongi had actually heard it. ”It’s not your fault, so just, be quiet.” Jimin nodded, bowing his head down so the black haired boy beside him wouldn’t notice the tears that streamed down his flushed cheeks. Because, in the end, he was right, and the sight of his tears would only bother the senior even more. Shit.  Although it felt like decades, detention ended. Yoongi was out of there as soon as he got permission (he didn’t dare to mess with Mr. Kim), leaving Jimin behind to sulk. He should stop, he really should. It was so pathetic. He was so pathetic. No one would be like this, no one would be this depressed after something as small. Everyone else would realize their mistake and shrug and move on, why couldn’t he do the same? Was he really that much of a failure?His phone had been untouched all day, because it had been silent all day. A faint buzzing from his pocket broke that silence just after he had closed the school doors behind him.[Mistake??]: It’s not your fault.Jimin felt like breaking down again, because the senior was wrong. He was so wrong. Why couldn’t he see that? It was his fault. It had always been.[Jimin]: Why are you telling me this?[Mistake??]: Because you don’t deserve this.What? What didn’t Jimin deserve? Because he was pretty sure he did the right thing, blaming himself like this. He had after all hurt everyone he cared about. Or, said he cared about. He wouldn’t have hurt them like that if he actually loved them. He swallowed the thought that he was a liar, as he had done with everything else. He took it in, believed it, let it rest in his head until it in the end resulted in hurting him.[Jimin]: I deserve this[Mistake??]: No, you do fucking not. Feeling like shit over some dickhead is the last god damn thing you deserve.Jimin didn’t answer. He didn’t want to talk to Yoongi about his mental health, he didn’t want to bother the senior- he simply deserved better than broken down Jimin with problems he couldn’t deal with.[Mistake??]: You there?No answer. A few minutes passed before another message lit up his screen.[Mistake??]: Jimin I swear to god, don’t you dare do anything stupidNo answer. Jimin waited with opening the following text that made his phone buzz, he simply didn’t want to deal with the senior and his tries to cheer him up. The senior was wrong. Jimin deserved all this. The gray haired boy didn’t feel better by the tame tries to cheer him up, it filled him to the brim with cruel guilt because he didn’t deserve something that good, that nice, that Yoongi.[Mistake??]: If you don’t answer soon I promise I’ll look up your address and go over there to check on your ass.Shit. He shouldn’t have waited that long. How would Yoongi find out his address? Would he actually do it? Jimin shook his head at his own, stupid thoughts. Of course he wouldn’t. Yoongi had better things to do with his life than visiting some younger klutz with no sense of social awareness. What a waste of time that would be.   [Mistake]: You better be home.Jimin, in a panic, didn’t have the time to answer, or even start typing, before the door bell rang. He wanted the floor to swallow him whole. Was Yoongi really outside, ringing on his door? And what would his parents say? Or, well, not say, Would they invite him inside? Jimin listened as someone, probably his mother, opened the door for the senior, and he could hear the familiar voice talking with her.”Yeah, is Jimin home? I’m a… I’m a friend.”Friend. Jimin swallowed the lump in his throat and carefully placed his ear on the door to hear the muffled voices a little clearer.”I don’t know.” His mother’s voice was colder than ice and it sent shivers down the gray haired boy’s spine. He was glad he wasn’t Yoongi at that moment, for he would’ve probably ran off after hearing that. Jimin didn’t know, of course, since he couldn’t see, but he was sure that the senior didn’t run off. The voice that followed did in fact come out chillier than the one before, and if Jimin didn’t know the boy at the door he would’ve probably started crying- but he did know him. It was Yoongi. Harmless, although scary at times, Yoongi. No, that’s not right. Harmless-if-you’re-not-a-dickhead. Yeah, that’s Yoongi for ya.”How can you not know? He’s your son, isn’t he?”His mother scoffed. ”Barely.” The door was shut, and Jimin guessed it was his mother that slammed it before Yoongi could enter. He was proved wrong when he heard the raspy voice calling his name.He heard his mother yelling, telling the stranger to get out of her house, and then quick steps on the stairs. Before Jimin could blink his door was yanked open and he nearly fell on top of the older boy, who yelped in surprise.”You’re alive.”Jimin drew away from the senior, ignoring his eyes. ”I guess.”They stood in silence for what felt like an eternity, although it was probably just for two minutes. ”So what’s with your mom?” Without warning, the younger shut down completely. For the probably tenth time that day tears seemed to find their way down his cheeks, and his lips shook as he let out loud sobs. Yoongi’s eyes were filled with panic. ”Shit, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to- oh god damn stop crying I didn’t kno- jesus okay come here.” The younger was pulled into a tight hug, and without question he hid his face in the senior’s neck, sniffling and crying loudly. ”Schh, Jimin, it’s okay. Everything’s okay.” Yoongi stroked his back slowly, shushing as he lead the way to Jimin’s small bed, sitting down with his back against the wall and the younger in his lap. ”You’re okay, alright? Everything’s okay.” Jimin nodded, although he didn’t completely believe the older. ”I know shit’s hard and life gets you down in so many ways, but everything is gonna turn out fine in the end. Whether that end is with Taehyung or with someone else, everything’s gonna be okay.”Jimin tried to talk, but his loud sobs overpowered him. It took several tries before he managed to squeal out a few words, although the older probably didn’t even understand them through all the crying. ”I’m sorry, Yoongi.””Schh, don’t apologize. I’m not angry. No one’s angry.””Taehyung’s angry.” Jimin sniffled, feeling guilty for dragging Yoongi into this and also for crying on his shirt.Yoongi let out a small laugh, the sound calming the younger tremendously. ”Yeah, well Taehyung has no right to be angry.” And there it went, Jimin’s sobs picked up again. ”Oh god, Jimin. Don’t be sad, please don’t be sad.””I deserve to be sad.”The senior put his hands on Jimin’s shoulder, distancing them from each other so he could look the younger in the eye. ”You don’t deserve shit like this, Jimin. Stop that.” Before Jimin could answer, Yoongi pressed him back into his chest. ”Don’t. Just don’t.”So he didn’t. They sat in silence, the only sound being Jimin’s sobs and Yoongi shushing him. It felt weird. It felt extremely weird. They weren’t supposed to be like this. Yoongi should be angry, he should yell and throw things, not sit there and stroke Jimin’s back. And he wanted to know. He shouldn’t, but his whole being ached for a single question, a single unanswered question that tickled on his tongue and swarmed his head. Jimin couldn’t keep it inside for much longer.”Yoongi?” Said boy hummed, asking the younger to go on. ”Why do you care so much?”The senior shrugged. ”Because I’m a great person.” Jimin understood. He didn’t ask any more than that, figuring that Yoongi was vague for a reason although disappointment was clear in his stomach. ”And because you really don’t deserve this and no one else is going to tell you otherwise so I took it upon myself to inform you that you, in fact, do not deserve this.”Jimin let himself smile, even if it was small and didn’t reach his eyes, he let himself for a second not be sad. At least not look sad. ”Thanks, I guess.””You guess? Well that’s encouraging. Here I am, driving to cheer you up and you only guess that you’re thankful? I’m simply insulted.” Yoongi faked a pout, forcing a laugh out of the younger. It felt easier than it should’ve. ”Did I mention that I drove here? In Busan? You ungrateful child.”The gray haired boy scoffed, although there was a playful smile on his face that Yoongi was happy to be able to see again. ”I’m like a year younger than you. I’m no child.””You’re a child, all pure and small with no ill intentions.”Jimin furrowed his eyebrows, looking up at the slightly taller boy. ”I’m not pure?””So pure, so small.”  The younger kindly asked if Yoongi could leave his house, which was only laughed away. ”No, I kinda like it here.” Jimin sighed, letting out a small jesus before the older continued. ”Maybe I’ll move in.” The gray haired boy’s eyes widened, the sight hilarious to Yoongi.”Then I’ll move out.”The black haired boy beamed, the rare gummy smile on his lips making Jimin’s face heat up. What? Why did his face get so warm? ”Good, your bed is comfy so then I’ll have it all for myself.”Jimin would’ve crossed his arms, had they not been pressed up against the older boy’s chest and he had no intentions in changing that. ”You know what, just because you said that I’m gonna stay here and then you won’t have the bed all for yourself.””So what, you’re gonna sleep with me?”The comment, if uttered by anyone else, wouldn’t have mattered. But now that it came from Yoongi, something fluttered in Jimin’s stomach. Something he didn’t want to feel and didn’t want to understand. The boy coughed to get rid of the awkwardness that tinged in his fingertips. ”Yes, Yoongi. I’m going to sleep with you.”The smirk on Yoongi’s face, according to Jimin, should be illegal. It made his head spin and toes curl, without him being able to stop it. ”Well, how could I say no to that?” The intense eye contact was unbearable, Jimin almost melted under it. His fists were balled, clutching onto the older’s white, washed out t-shirt. The smirk faded slowly, leaving Yoongi staring blankly at the younger in his lap. ”Really, how could I?” But it didn’t sound as if he meant the question for Jimin, it was merely muttered under his breath, a small whisper that should’ve been meaningless. It wasn’t.”I don’t know.”The only thing Jimin could hear was Yoongi’s slow breathing and his own heartbeat that drummed in his ears. He didn’t want the moment to end. He didn’t want to be alone again with only his thoughts and the faint smell of Yoongi on his clothes. The boy liked the feeling of fingers in his hair and big hands on his back, supporting him.”Neither do I.” Yoongi’s voice was raspier than usual, as if he had screamed for several hours straight. His lips were parted only slightly and Jimin’s look darted between them and the senior’s dark eyes. And boy, were they dark. Jimin hadn’t noticed it before, but they were in fact extremely dark. Almost black. The eyes stared right back at him, making the younger boy want to squirm and twist as he sat, but he didn’t move an inch. He sat completely still in the senior’s lap, taking in every small detail of the moment. Yoongi’s feathery eyelashes and big hands resting on Jimin’s back, the deep breaths coming from the boy holding him, ticking of a clock making every second’s passing known to the boy who without it would’ve sat for hours, thinking it was mere minutes.Jimin counted the seconds, but there was times where he forgot where he was, forgot who he was, because at that moment everything he knew was those dark eyes, filled with something too fleeting to recognize. Jimin didn’t want to not recognize it. He wanted to know every crook and corner of Yoongi’s being, he wanted to understand the friend which lap he were sitting on. Yoongi was a mystery, he was a locked box with the key hidden somewhere on the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean. Jimin didn’t like mysteries. He had always preferred knowing. Yoongi dragged Jimin straight out of his comfort zone, and none of them were sure if that was a good thing or not.But before they dragged out the rather intimate moment any more than that, Yoongi coughed and asked the younger to get off his lap, which he did. And then he left. That was it. And Jimin was happy. Or, at least, not sad. He wasn’t as sad anymore because Yoongi was his friend. They were friends, and even if Jimin felt bad about having to face Taehyung the next day, he would always have Yoongi.   Yoongi had to get out of there. If he had stayed he would’ve done something and that would’ve been both wrong and cruel. He couldn’t use Jimin like that, when he was sad and vulnerable and impressionable. They were supposed to be friends. Jimin only wanted to be friends, and Yoongi would agree. Staying there like that, so close, it wouldn’t have lead to anything good. He could’ve hurt Jimin and that boy had had enough of that already. As he drove through the crowded streets he couldn’t stop thinking about the boy’s eyes and lips and face and hands. He couldn’t stop thinking about how Jimin had looked at him and for a second he dared to wonder if it had meant something more, something a little less platonic.He was entering dangerous territory, believing that Jimin wanted something else than a friendship. Even letting himself briefly think about it was bad enough for him to curse at his stupid brain. The tension he had felt was just him overthinking. He had imagined the way they had stared at each other, the way Jimin had looked at his lips. It all was in his head, it was wishful thinking. He had to stop.And jesus, there was a reason he never drove. Driving in Busan was a horror and he never did it, but in the overwhelming panic of Jimin not answering, he couldn’t think straight. He was afraid that the younger boy had done something really bad, that he was gone. The mere thought had scared him to death, so he didn’t want to just walk, he needed, had to, get to Jimin’s house faster than that. So he stole his father’s old car, hoping that his desk partner was still alive and that his father wouldn’t notice that both Yoongi and the car were missing.His phone buzzed as he walked through the door to his apartment, and without a second’s hesitation he unlocked his phone to read it.[Not a dealer]: thank you[Not a dealer]: im glad were friends[Not a dealer]: and im sorry for crying on your shirtYoongi smiled, but a part of him died a little. They were friends. Only friends. That’s all they are and all they will ever be. And he should also probably change the desk partner’s name, since him being a dealer wasn’t really relevant anymore. Although he was still pissed off at Youngbae. Shit. Youngbae. Vague memories from the night before crossed the senior’s mind and he held back a gag. He didn’t remember much, but small strands of time had stuck with him, and unfortunately it wasn’t the best of images that was etched into his retinas. Feelings of hands roaming his body, taste of saliva being exchanged, cheap alcohol making his throat burn. His stomach, although all knotted up, flipping at the faintest touches the older offered.[Yoongi]: It’s okay, it’s not even a nice shirt[Not a dealer]: rly? i kinda like itHis heart flipped. God damn it, now he’s never going to wear anything else.[Yoongi]: You have terrible taste in clothes, then[Not a dealer]: ur di 1 wearin an ugly shirt[Yoongi]: Ah but you’re the one who loves it[Not a dealer]: maybe its just bc it looks good on u me liking it has nothing 2 do w the amount of nice the shirt isShit. He should really change the name.[Yoongi]: You must love everything I wear then, because I’m so ridiculously handsome and everything looks good on me[Not a dealer]: our ugly uniform doesnt look good on any1[Yoongi]: It looks good on meHe should really change the name. So he did, as a reminder to himself, just so that he wouldn’t forget. He couldn’t forget.[Just a friend]: yeah[Just a friend]: it looks good on uAnd Yoongi fell. Hard. Without expectations or anticipations, he found himself staring at the screen, rereading the simple, sent words. He imagined the younger boy’s voice uttering the words, and the mouth as it formed them. He could see the flawless face as he closed his eyes and he couldn’t help the smile that pulled at his lips as the boy’s lighthearted laugh ringed in his ears. Jimin was so unreal. Yoongi couldn’t stop thinking about him, about his eyes and cheeks and collar bones and hands. What touching them would feel like. His stomach flipped and he had to hide his face in his pillow to not squeal. This was unlike him. Feeling this- Yoongi didn’t dare to even think about it, affection, it was so new. He was a hit and run kind of guy. Not hit and stay. But Jimin had changed him, in not even two weeks. Yoongi didn’t think that was possible. Yoongi didn’t think Jimin was possible, but there he was, smiling and spreading a light unlike anything the senior had ever seen before.Jimin was simply a mystery that Yoongi wouldn't mind solving.



Chapter End Notes
so ?? i finished that rather quickly god damnthen again i was up all night to study although all i did was write ehehehehe my teachers must h8 me dont b like me kidsi dont have much 2 say lol a guy tried 2 kiss me 2day?? like thats all it was p awkward considering we barely kno each other and hes been trying 2 hook up w every friend i have sry m8 dont want no kiss from ui guess thats all lol as always comments r appreciated, they keep me going n it makes me rly determined 2 continue writing so thats that loleither way, love u all so much thank u sO MUCH 4 the support its crazy love u!!! (stay healthy remember to eat dont forget to sleep thats all bye)


piss kink
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Jimin should sleep. 

Sleep?
No.

Jimin shook his head and stared blankly at the bright screen in front of him, trying to force his eyes to focus again and they did so, for a second, before they once again zoned out. He rubbed them in a failed attempt to wake up, to get rid of the sleepiness that so stubbornly haunted him.


Sleep.


He drank the last drops of coffee in his mug, and although it had gotten cool he enjoyed the bitter taste that he associated with late nights, bad thoughts and sad writing.

His room felt small. The walls, standing perfectly still as they had always done, felt like they were slowly closing in on him and he did his best not to let his mind wander, not to let himself drown as he had done every other night. He thought of Yoongi. He thought of his gummy smile and its rareness, about his low laugh after a really bad joke, about his dark eyes. And maybe that was his salvation, the thing that kept him afloat, because he never felt himself sinking under the surface. He kept his nose above the black water that he so often lost himself in, and then his entire face was free, followed by his shoulders. And then it was gone. The tugging in his stomach had disappeared, as well as the invisible weights on his chest. It was all blown away.
Jimin got up from his seat and paced the room, letting the small creaking of the floor as he walked be the only sound to be heard. He wasn’t sure why, because he never really did so, but it felt good, right even. Because it kept him awake? Maybe. Probably.
But he didn’t deserve sleep. Yoongi had made a brave try to assure him otherwise, but it had all come undone the second he left Jimin alone with his thoughts again. Those ruthless, vicious thoughts with only cruel intentions. Did they have intentions? They were merely thoughts, after all. It was Jimin, only Jimin. It wasn’t some third party with an evil goal, it was Jimin’s being turning on itself, it was Jimin giving up on himself.
Did Jimin even deserve to be sad? He did this to himself, after all. Should he be able to complain when all this damage was self inflicted, his scars, his sadness. All him.
Yoongi’s words ringed in the boy’s ears.

”Don’t be sad.”


”You don’t deserve this.”


”Everything’s okay.”

It was laughable. Jimin should laugh. Should he? Would that be appropriate, laughing at his own illness and lack of self worth? Wouldn’t it? Isn’t that what humor is? Laughing to be able to understand the pain, to be able to comprehend the darkness of life? Jimin was sure he had seen that somewhere, but he wasn’t sure if he wanted to believe it, because shouldn’t laughing be the exact opposite? Laughing to not think about it, to for a moment forget about everything bad?
It was 03.43. Jimin was tired. Jimin wanted to lie down and close his eyes and not think about, well, anything, but he refused to even brush his teeth.
When had he last brushed his teeth? When had his hair and nails grown so long? Had he always been this pale? He couldn’t even remember. It felt like forever had passed in only a second- and maybe it had. Maybe it was several years ago he and Yoongi had hugged and Jimin had cried on the older boy’s shoulder, maybe he wasn’t even alive anymore. He remembered something he had read some time ago about how when you die your life passes by your eyes and that maybe the things he was experiencing now was only a flashback. Maybe that was it. Maybe he felt so numb, so tiny, not because he wasn’t okay and in need of help but because this was just a memory, only an image flashing by his eyes as his life drained out of him.
And then the sun rose without him noticing. His parents slammed the door without him noticing. Time passed, seconds ticking by and minutes flying, all without him noticing. He stared at the wall, all too engulfed in his own thoughts to even breathe or blink. He thought about Taehyung and Jungkook, about how he had let them down. He thought about Yoongi and what a disappointment he must’ve looked like, sobbing loudly without any sign of stopping.
His phone buzzed, snatching his focus back. Jimin threw an uncertain look at the device, his breath stopping when he saw the screen.
[taenoturhyung]: where r u?? r u oversleeping again
Taehyung? But why?
[Chimie]: on my way
And he ran. With his heart thumping wildly in his chest he sprinted to school, probably forgetting something at home. He didn’t care. He just wanted to get to school, to get to his friend. Taehyung. Taehyung. Taehyung.
Taehyung?
There he sat. Head tilted down, writing something on his phone.
[taenoturhyung]: ur gonna b l8 lol
Jimin laughed, and the blond head flew up in surprise. ”Jimin? Shit you must’ve been pretty close.”
No, he hadn’t. ”Yea, I was almost here when you wrote. Thanks though.” Taehyung only smiled, patting the chair beside him so his friend would sit down. He did.
Taehyung gave Jimin his phone, telling him to scroll down through a conversation the ash haired boy was sure he shouldn’t even read. It was with Hoseok. ”I’m in love, Jimin.” He nodded. ”He’s so wonderful though? Like, ugh, I can’t even explain it.” Jimin raised an eyebrow. ”Well, I don’t know. When I see him I kinda just wanna die y’know? Like my stomach is in chaos and I wanna just hide my face and sink into the ground.”
”You sure that’s love and not just, well, fright?”
Taehyung shined. ”Yes! I have considered it for a long time, and I can proudly declare that I am head over heels for Jung Hoseok.” Now both of Jimin’s eyebrows were raised. ”I know because that’s just how it is. You just know. Love isn’t math or chemistry, Chim Chim. Love’s just love. And it’s absolutely wonderful and amazing and stomach flippingly truly fantastic. Like, I just wanna be with him and hug him and smell him and hold him and let him hold me.”
”So you’re like ready to get married?”
The blonde squinted, leaning into his hands. ”Well, no. But it feels like it. Like, I wanna raise a puppy with him. Not a child. Children are too big of a responsibility.” Jimin nodded along, because he didn’t really like kids. His friend, however, did. ”Love is, Park Jimin, the feeling of security. The feeling of having your guard completely let down with no fear of being hurt or disappointed. And Hoseok is that to me. When he looks at me I feel all giddy and happy and like nothing can really stop me. When he accidentally brushes his hand against mine I wanna jump on the spot or giggle. Everything he says makes me feel like laughing. I love him.”
The whole insecurity that Taehyung had once felt was completely blown away, now replaced with a poetic sense of gayness. It was something Jimin had never expected would happen, and he admitted to himself that it was pretty beautiful. ”Did you read that online or?”
”Yes, but that’s beside the point.”
They laughed. Taehyung because Jimin was happy and Jimin because Taehyung was happy. Jungkook sat silently, watching the two closely. And he, too, was happy. They were all happy, because the group was together and Taehyung had forgiven Jimin. No one knew why, maybe not even Taehyung, but he had- and Jimin was prepared to face the day knowing that his friends wouldn’t abandon him just for saying something strange or doing wrongly.
They were walking from class and to lunch when Jimin saw a familiar tuft of hair and he felt a smile spreading all over his puffy face. He waved to the older boy, who with a smile started making his way over to the small group of friends.
”Jimin!” Jiyong put his arm over his shorter friend, who beamed up at him. ”Can we talk for a bit?” Without a single doubt in his eyes Jimin nodded, and then the two left behind Taehyung and Jungkook, who giggled and whooed.
They stopped outside a janitor’s office and Jimin could feel a weird sensation in his stomach, and he was pretty sure it was utter happiness all throughout. Jiyong cleared his throat. ”Well, Jimin, I wanna ask you something.” Jimin stayed quiet so the older could continue. ”Do you wanna go out sometime?”
And something sank.
Jimin had no idea what or why, but something tinged in his chest and it wasn’t utter happiness like he had thought. No, he didn’t like this feeling. Why did he feel this? Why wasn’t he jumping in glee? This was what he had wanted for ten years. ”Go out? As in, like, a date?” Jiyong nodded. Jimin felt like fainting. ”Well, uh-”
”If money’s a problem I can pay for you.”
Money wasn’t the problem. This was a problem. Jimin was a problem. Jiyong was a problem. Why did it feel so wrong? What was off? ”Money isn’t a probl-”
”You don’t have to answer now, but consider it.” Jimin nodded, promising that he would- although he didn’t really need to. Did he need to? Jiyong smiled. ”Great, well, I have to go. I’ll see you later?”
Before Jimin could respond he was pulled into a hug and he felt his heart stopping as he left his arms hanging, not even lifting them to answer it. What was happening to him? This was Jiyong. Why wasn’t he happy about this? ”Yea, I’ll see you.” And then he was gone and Jimin couldn’t help but feel it was too rushed. It had went so quickly and so unexpected it felt like he was in such a daze where he could barely remember what few things that had been said between the two. Shouldn’t it be more romantic? More, more what? Feelings? And not be so abstract and forced, but rather something flowing and natural. Should it be like this? Jimin had been in a few relationships before, some more serious than others, but it had never been like this. It had never been so, well, short. Fast. Jimin couldn’t stop himself from dwelling on it, going over every detail about the elder’s behavior that he could remember. The way he had squeezed him after the hug, the crook of his smile while saying goodbye. It was nice. It was, indeed, something he had dreamt about since he was 7. Why was he not happy? He let himself mull over these small thoughts all the way back to his friends, who were standing in the front of the line now. They almost yelled when he came back.

”He asked me out.”

Then they screamed.


Yoongi wanted to punch a wall. He had heard it all. He had seen it all. Who was this guy that dared to interrupt Jimin like that? Who wouldn’t want to hear every single word coming out of that mouth? Was he mad? Why had he only left Jimin there? Why didn’t he stay and talk or at least follow the younger boy back to where he came from? Who was this fucking guy that dared treat Jimin with such disrespect while simultaneously asking him out on a date?
No, it wasn’t okay. He had to talk to his desk partner, had to tell him what was up and why he couldn’t agree to a date with such a douche bag.
Right.
It wasn’t his place. They were friends. Only friends. He was happy with that. Friends. It’s better than nothing. It’s better than sitting in detention and staring at the boy at a loss for something to do. It’s better than scaring him because of no good reason. Friends. It’s good, really. It meant Yoongi could talk to Jimin without having an excuse. Friend. Like a boyfriend without the love part. Yea. Yoongi could do that.

”What’s going on? You seem pissed.” Jin leaned down to rest his head on Yoongi’s shoulder, which the younger couldn’t help but laugh at since it must’ve looked ridiculous, seeing how Jin was the taller out of the two and the more logical solution would be for Yoongi to rest on Jin, and not the reversed. 

Yoongi didn’t hesitate on whether to tell his friends about Jimin or not. It wasn’t their thing to know and so he decided to tell a small, white lie instead. ”I am pissed. So just because I smell of smoke the teacher gotta flip and shit? How sensitive isn’t that?”
Namjoon squinted, his eyes traveling between Jin and the owner of the shoulder his head was firmly placed on. ”Yeah, it’s not like cigarette smoke is actually” he paused, faking a surprised gasp ”dangerous.” Yoongi only waved away the statement with his hand, accidentally punching Jin in the face and muttering out an apology. ”Although reacting like that was pretty bullshit since she should know already that you smoke like ten packages a day.”
”That’s an exaggeration.” Yoongi tried to remove the head weighing him down but his friend was stubborn and so he gave up after way too many tries.
The pink head moved so the eyes could look up on him and roll. ”A reasonable one.”
”Nothing about you is reasonable.”
Jin lifted his head, finally, and scooted closer to Namjoon instead. Both of them seemed to prefer that. ”Well, right back at ya.”
The door opened and a probably 80 year old woman walked in with a faint smile on her thin lips. ”The teacher’s here.”
”Shit hide your phones.” The whole group propped their phones down their pockets, trying to look as innocent as possible as the small woman went around the room to collect them.
The teacher, while not really boring and monotone, was still so extremely uninteresting that Yoongi couldn’t help but yawn and long for the end of the day. Not necessarily for detention (yes, for detention) but for the general release from the pain that was math. Yoongi liked math. He was good at it. But math class was easily the most tedious thing he could imagine. That crossed with the looks his friends were sending each other and the way they ”accidentally” brushed each other’s hands was driving him insane. And it never seemed to end. The clock, although naturally ticking on as always, seemed to have forgot its sole purpose. Time, although naturally moving and passing as always, was standing completely still and it made Yoongi’s entire body itch. He wanted to get out, to flee. Sitting in that desk, for several hours every day, with his youth wasting away, it disgusted him. He would’ve left if it wasn’t for his friends, who would’ve jumped at each other if Yoongi wasn’t there to hold them back.
”You wanna do something after school?” Namjoon’s small whisper made Yoongi twitch, as it was breathed right into his neck and he felt goosebumps creeping on his arms.
The black haired boy shook his head, explaining that he had other plans (he lied) and it made Jin sigh. ”You never hang out with us anymore.” Yoongi shrugged. ”Oh well. Namjoon, I’m free. What do you wanna do?” And then they were exchanging ideas on what to do and where to go. Yoongi blocked out the sounds. He didn’t want to hear. He didn’t want to think about backing out, coming up with a ridiculous excuse as to why he suddenly would be able to join them.
”Would you look at that, the class is over. Imma go.” Yoongi jumped out of his seat without further explanation to his friend and then left the classroom, his stomach filled with small butterflies as it was anticipating the second he would once again see that gray haired boy.
And he did. He didn’t even have to get to the classroom, Jimin passed him by in the corridor. Yoongi wanted to shout after him, to grab his hand and yank him into the nearest closet but the more reasonable side of him questioned the idea and he instead quickened his pace (why did Jimin walk so fast) until he was close enough to tap the younger on his shoulder. Jimin jumped in surprise and looked back with a mixture of fear and confusion. As soon as he saw it was only Yoongi his face softened and that familiar smile was once again taking over.
”Ah, hyung!” Yoongi muttered how he didn’t want to be called that, but the younger didn’t care and carried on talking as they walked together to class. Yoongi felt like everyone was staring and whispering because he was Yoongi and Jimin was Jimin and when did that happen? Now, apparently. ”Also how did you know it was me? You could’ve just scared the shit out some poor guy that just looks like me from the back.”
Yoongi laughed, because it was a really stupid question. No one else on that school had thighs like Jimin. No one could look like Jimin from the back. Jimin was unlike anyone else. Yoongi, however, couldn’t really say that. ”Well, you’re the only person in this school with gray hair.” Jimin nodded since that, too, was true. ”How do you even get away with that? You’re not allowed to dye your hair. What did you do, bribe the principal?”
Jimin shrugged, crooking his arm with Yoongi’s, who had to remind himself to breathe because it’s normal for friends to touch. It’s completely normal. ”Maybe they don’t care. Maybe I bribed them all that I’ve got to be able to have some shitty hair dye for a while. And maybe, just maybe, you’re colorblind.”
”People who are colorblind don’t confuse gray, you ass.”
”No, you uneducated swine, there are some types of colorblindness that confuse gray with other colors and there’s like a type where you only see black and white and tones of gray so like? Go suck a dick?”
Yoongi choked on his own spit. What the shit? ”Okay first of all since when are you an expert on colorblindness, why do you know that? And second how is sucking a dick something bad?”
Jimin only released his arm from Yoongi’s and grinned. ”Maybe I’m a homophobe. Maybe I’m a germaphobe. Maybe I just really don’t like dicks. You don’t know me.”
”You’re not a homophobe and I’m pretty sure you’re not a germaphobe since you clearly have no idea what a shower is. Have no idea on the dick part though.”
The younger scratched his head, sending several offended glances at his senior. ”I shower every day.” The senior, in return, only shook his head and laughed. ”I do! You’re horrible.”
”And you smell, so like, no one wins.”
Jimin shook his head in disbelief, letting silence fall over the two before eventually breaking it again. He liked talking to Yoongi. It felt safe. It was better than being quiet. It was funnier talking to Yoongi than talking to some people in his class, and sometimes even Taehyung. Sometimes. Taehyung was still one of the funniest people Jimin knew. Speaking of Taehyung.
”So Taehyung texted me this morning because I was late or whatever and then when I got here he was back to normal? I don’t really get why but everything’s fine and I’m okay now.” Yoongi raised a questioning eyebrow, because how was that even possible? ”Yea yea I get it, you don’t like Taehyung but he’s actually a really cool guy.”
”He doesn’t seem like one.” Yoongi couldn’t help but almost sneer. He was still angry at Taehyung, because he had hurt the one that shouldn’t ever get sad.
Jimin hit him loosely on his arm, his laugh filling up the emptying corridor. ”You don’t even know him. I’ll introduce you one day. And his soon-to-be boyfriend is the complete opposite of you, so it would be fun to see how you get along.”
”That doesn’t sound fun.”
”No but it will be, I promise.” Jimin stopped in front of the door, standing in front of the older and looking extremely serious. ”So, Yoongi hyung.”
”Don’t call me that.”
”So, Yoongi hyung. Are you ready to go back to being a complete asshole bad boy with no soul?” Yoongi laughed before he could stop himself. It was too easy with Jimin. He never wanted to stop, even though his unanswered feelings was sure to one day get in the way.
”I’m ready. Are you ready to go back to being happy go lucky without any knowledge of math or human sadness whatsoever?”
”Shit, it sounds like a party. Let’s go.”
They didn’t change as they entered the well known classroom. The people already sitting in their desks looked up and rolled their eyes as the two walked in. None of them cared. Yoongi didn’t even care about image anymore. Well, yes he did, but not nearly as much as he did before.
Jimin tugged at his sleeve, stealing his attention. ”Hey, I got some news today.”
Was it about that guy? Yoongi bit down on his tongue to not say something he would later come to regret. ”Well damn, tell me. I just need to know.”
Jimin rolled his eyes, but he knew it wasn’t like Yoongi actually meant it. ”So I talked to Mr. Jung. He told me about the whole detention thing. Apparently I have done poorly in school and missed too much, so I have gotten some extra punishment.” Yoongi held his breath. Extra punishment? More detention? Would they not have to go separate ways after Monday? ”So apparently I have gotten an extra month.”
”What?!” Jimin flinched at Yoongi’s raised voice and he quickly collected himself. ”I mean, well, shit. That sucks. I’m sorry about that.” He wasn’t sorry. In fact, now the fire burning in his stomach seemed to have been drenched in gasoline and was spreading all over his body. ”Although look at it like this, right, now you can spend more time with your favorite person in the entire universe.”
”Mr. Kim?” The younger desk partner let his chin rest in the palm of his hand, his voice chirping and entire body looking completely relaxed and at home. Yoongi remembered how he had used to be, all scared and tense. The Jimin he once knew had completely washed away. Yoongi loved it.
Yoongi ruffled the younger’s hair in disbelief. ”No, you brat, your great, wonderful hyung of course!”
Jimin seemed to think for a second, before pointing up his index finger in the air, grin now completely taking over his small face. ”Jiyong?”
”Who the fuck is Jiyong? No, me! You’re unbelievable.”
The gray haired boy turned completely to Yoongi, his hands resting in his lap. ”So does that mean I can call you hyung now?”
Yoongi looked away, turning his body away from the boy he so desperately wanted to get closer to. ”Stop testing my patience, kid.” When Jimin continued to whine and call out his name (followed by the dreaded word hyung) he sighed. ”Don’t.”
Jimin seemed to think for a second, and then he beamed. ”So what about Yoongi noona?” Yoongi’s complaints that followed told the younger boy that no, not Yoongi noona. He continued to think. ”Then, Yoongi senpai?”
”Are you serious?”
The ash haired desk partner sighed. ”Apparently not, Yoongi-cha- okay no, not that then. I’ll just continue like this until you’re pleased then, Yoongi-san.” The older looked like he wanted to slap his friend, who went on listing on whatever ending he could come up with. ”I’m all out of names, Yoongi-sama.”
”Good. That you’re all out of names, I mean. Yoongi-sama might just be the ugliest thing I’ve ever heard”
”Stop being so negative, Yoongi oppa.”
Silence. Yoongi sat still, not even breathing. Jimin was left wondering if time had actually stopped, except he heard the faint ticks from the clock and tapping from other people in the room. Jimin waved a hand in front of his elder’s face, but still no reaction. ”Yoongi? Hyung? Are you dead?” No response. Had Yoongi died? Was it because of the word, or had he just gotten in a badly timed coma?
The boy jumped, scaring the life out of the younger. ”Shit, yea sorry I zoned out. You were saying?”
Jimin raised an eyebrow. ”You zoned out?” Yoongi nodded, although the familiar flicker in his eyes was gone. The gray haired boy thought long and hard, if he wanted to take the chance and look for a certain reaction after a certain word. Would it be worth it if he didn’t succeed? Did he care? Not really. He smirked at the older, who looked down at him with something closely related to fear burning behind his eyes. Jimin loved it. ”Are you okay, oppa?”
”Don’t call me that.” Yoongi hissed, and the old remark Jimin had made earlier about him looking and acting like a sad cat resurfaced again. Jimin also noticed his elder’s jaw and how it looked like it would break from all the clenching, and the hands who were balled into fists, whitening at the knuckles. Jimin found it so extremely amusing, and he couldn’t help the smile that was playing not so innocently on his lips.
”Now, there’s no need to get angry, oppa.”
Yoongi was close to jumping on his desk partner or break his desk, the whatever-it-was making him feel helpless and small. Jimin just had to say it. Just had to tease him about it. Jimin had, without much effort, found Yoongi’s weakness. He had only one weakness, and it was that and dogs. However one of them wasn’t so bad. What Jimin had dug up, what Jimin had now realized, that wasn’t as innocent and cute as loving dogs would’ve been. ”I’m serious.”
Jimin held his hands up in the air, pouting his lips to look as innocent and sad as humanly possible. Yoongi didn’t fall for it, but the sight was cute. No, it wasn’t. He should be angry. Or at least ticked off. Teasing his elders like this, well it wasn’t acceptable. Disrespectful. Yea, Yoongi thought, it’s disrespectful and Jimin was being a brat. He should be punished for it. No, he had to stop himself and the thoughts that were to follow. Jimin would not get punished. Nope. Not at all. It’s just childish teasing. ”Okay.”
”Thank you.” The black haired boy dared to let out a small sigh of relief, calming down because maybe Jimin wouldn’t find anything out. Maybe he would forget about it, move on and never think about it ever again. Yoongi had a moment of serenity, but unfortunately it didn’t last long for Jimin gave him absolutely no time to rest.
”Oppa.”
Yoongi threw his head back, grunting out a small ”Oh my god.” Jimin just didn’t know when to stop, did he? ”You have to be stopped, you’re a complete danger to society as we know it.”
Jimin leaned closer to his desk partner, putting his hand beside his mouth, shielding it as if he were to whisper something, which he then actually did. His voice, coming out only as a small whisper, almost inaudible if you weren’t trying really hard to listen, was enough to send shivers down Yoongi’s entire body. ”At least I don’t have an oppa kink.”
Yoongi felt like dying. ”I don’t have an oppa kink!” He noticed other people in the room turning their heads to stare at them at the sudden remark, and glared at them until they stopped.
”Are you sure, hyung?”
”Extremely. And don’t call me that.”
The smirk that Jimin flashed him should be illegal, and Yoongi wanted to just get up and leave the room. He didn’t like the direction this conversation was going in. ”You would prefer it if I call you oppa?”
”Don’t test my limits here kid.”
”You sound like a mafia boss from the fifties who’s ready to like kill someone when in fact you’re just Yoongi who’s kink has been found out.” The laugh that followed, although in a bad circumstance, made Yoongi’s heart flutter. Shit. What kind of devil was Jimin if he found this, Yoongi’s suffering, amusing?
”Well, I bet you have a really weird kink then. Like, a piss kink. I swear to god, you have a piss kink don’t you?”
The younger desk partner furrowed his brows, looking like someone just told him that everything he knew was wrong and actually the opposite. ”No? What the fu-”
”Awh that’s even more weird than having an oppa kink.”
”So you admit that you have an oppa kink?”
Yoongi looked down at the younger, grateful over his extra few inches granting him the small power over his desk partner. Height, although probably meaningless, was still important to him since he had always been shorter than everyone else, and no one would ever let him forget about it. ”Do you admit that you have a piss kink?”

”No.”

”Then I do not admit to having an oppa kink.”

Jimin turned back to stare at the board in the far end of the room, shrugging. He probably didn’t want to drag it out even more and therefore gave up, giving his senior the win. ”I rest my case.”


The senior, in return, fished out his phone to find something he could distract himself with, just so that he wouldn’t think about his desk partner’s mocking voice. When he didn’t find anything, he instead chose to put the conversation to an end as he looked up from the device for a second, locking eyes with the gray haired boy for a brief second. ”Amazing. Now do your fucking math or something.”




Chapter End Notes
im sorry this took such a long time ?? i never really had the time *cough* to write *cough cough* no i was just rly lazy and i didnt know what 2 write and how 2 and like ??? as a writer (writer and writer can i even call myself a writer idek) i can confirm that writing blocks r the worst things everand like the doubt that comes along w writing ??? and then having ppl read it ?????? but i like writing but i dont like doubting my abilities and uuuu im sry i shouldnt rant in the notes but thats my excuse as 2 why this feels v forced and shit and why it took such a long time
i promise ill get better n stuff n thank u 4 the support where up 2 169 kudos now ???? amazing and no im not just saying this bc 69 its a genuine feeling of gratitude so thx ily allcomments r highly appreciated its helps a lot w di doubt and stuff and if u think i should do something better or have any ideas to what i can do or any suggestions those r v welcomed
thx ily ill c u in the next chapter dont 4get abt me ily


the wrecking of a strangers bike
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





”Are you ready for the weekend, hyung?”
Yoongi, who definitely wasn’t in the mood to talk about his weekend plans, rolled his eyes. ”Oh yes, extremely. Why?”Jimin, who definitely was in the mood to talk about his weekend plans, almost jumped in his seat in pure excitement. ”Because it’s the weekend, hyung! I’ve been waiting for this the entire week.””How many times do I have to tell you not to call me that?””And how many times do I have to tell you that I don’t care?”The senior sighed, leaning into his palms without letting his desk partner out of his sight. ”You’re the worst.” Jimin, in response, only hummed and scooted closer with his chair. He didn’t say anything more than that, but Yoongi didn’t mind, on the contrary he thought it best. While he, of course, liked talking to his desk partner, he also appreciated the silence as they enjoyed each other’s mere presence.”Hyung, I have a question.” Yoongi raised an eyebrow, glancing at his desk partner who looked back at him with a stare he had no idea how to interpret. Jimin cleared his throat. ”Have you ever, like-” He stopped, as if he regretted bringing it up from the first place. After a second’s thought he continued, albeit a lot more uncertain. ”Have you ever been in love?”Yoongi almost choked on his own spit. ”In love?”The gray haired boy chewed on his nails, something Yoongi had always found disgusting although he now didn’t have the heart to point it out, seeing how nervous his desk partner actually looked. ”Yes, in love. Or, well I don’t know, be-crushed? Dated? Relationships?”Oh. ”I don’t do relationships.”Jimin laughed to shake of his nervousness but it still lingered and held on to him tightly. ”That’s edgy. So what, you don’t fall in love? You’ve actually never touched a single person ever?” He turned silent for a while, looking at his desk with downcast eyes, and Yoongi couldn’t help but chuckle because that was really the opposite. Jimin seemed to have understood that clearly. ”So you have one night stands and then leave in the morning, or what?””Sure.”The boy beside him furrowed his eyebrows, glancing at him as if it was a crime. ”Isn’t that a bit, well, lonely?” He cleared his throat, the awkwardness getting to him. ”Never mind. Forget I said anything, okay?”Yoongi, being the ass that he was, shook his head. ”Why are you asking about love? Found a girl with pretty hair?” He cringed at himself in his head, knowing fully well that he was probably overstepping his desk partner’s boundaries, but couldn’t find himself to care enough to stop. He had to know if this love question had anything to do with that guy from earlier.Jimin scoffed, but didn’t look as bothered as he was expected to. ”No. I’m just, you know, asking. I’m in that age now.”Putting his elbows to the desk and resting his chin in his hands, Yoongi looked at his partner with exaggerated sadness in his eyes and a pouting lower lip. ”Awh, you kids grow up so fast.””Yea, dad, it’s time you let go and let me live my life. I’m all grown up now.” Jimin grinned, seemingly content at the playful way they were talking. Yoongi didn’t blame him, he felt the same way- although he didn’t dare to show it. Also, jesus, Yoongi was the dad.”No, go to your room you horrible child.”Jimin, without thinking, crept closer to his senior and hung one arm over the older one’s shoulders and the other closing in over the chest. ”I know you love me, father.””I do not.” He shoved his partner’s arms away from him with a frustrated grunt. ”And oh my god, get off.”Jimin smirked, clinging onto the black haired boy with desperate and grabby hands. ”Please wuv me daddy.”Yoongi pushed him off for one last time, finally succeeding. He didn’t want Jimin climbing on him, it made him uncertain and uncomfortable to have him so close. He wasn’t sure of what to do and if he did, he would never know how to. Having such little control was new to him and he didn’t want to deal with it. ”You’re disgusting.”Jimin sat back, the familiar smirk once again making his lips curl (then making Yoongi in need of ten glasses of water and a fan).”Don’t tell me you’ve also got a daddy kink.””Sorry kid, no daddy kink here.”The gray haired boy shook his head, smacking his tongue in disappointment as he did so. ”Shame.” Yoongi couldn’t help but ask why his complete disinterest in ’daddy’ was such a shame. ”Well, of course, since I have one.” Hearing the answer made him in no way any wiser or happier. No, rather, it made him want to jump out the window faster than Jimin could utter the hellish word he no more wanted to hear. ”I’m kidding of course.” The wink following the weak statement however, made Yoongi highly doubt his attempt at salvation.Then, as always, detention was over without either of them noticing. They left school in silence, like all the possible conversations and words that could be said should be kept inside of the school walls. Yoongi wasn’t sure how he felt about that. A small ping broke the silence and Jimin fished out his phone, almost dropping it to the floor when he looked at the screen. ”Oh my god.” The senior, now interested, tried sneaking a glance at the device which he had no chance to see. ”Oh my god.””What is it?””Oh my god.””I swear to jesus what’s happening?” And then he saw the screen, and suddenly Jimin’s reaction made sense.
[taenoturhyung]: ok so u knw hoseok right[taenoturhyung]: hors eboy[taenoturhyung]: gueess whos tonge was ihust in his moiyth[Kookie]: Oh my god[taenoturhyung]: wELL NOT FCUKNI MINE BUT SOME BOU FROM DANDCEJimin, who normally would’ve called himself a calm and serene guy, found himself burning from inside out. It didn’t make sense and it made his furious at the lack of explanation. Why was Hoseok kissing someone else than Taehyung? It was surreal and the boy didn’t want to imagine the state his friend was being in. He looked up at his senior, who stared down at him at a loss for words. ”I’m going to murder someone and I need you to hold me back, okay?” Yoongi could only nod, and even though he had no idea who this Hoseok was he could understand by the context that this was no good thing. ”I’m going to murder someone and then I will go to the store and buy some noodles to support Tae but I swear to God I will murder someone.”Yoongi put his hands on his younger desk partner’s shoulders, stopping him in his tracks. ”Hold on now tiger, you’re not gonna get anyone killed. You’re way too small and this Hoseok guy would probably fuck you up.” Jimin, who had self awareness enough to know himself, let his eyes trail down to the ground in defeat. ”And you’re shy, too. You wouldn’t even dare go up to the guy, never mind actually killing him.””No but I coul-””You couldn’t. Although, if I’m nice, I could like wreck his bike or something. Hoseok sounds like the name of a guy who rides a bike in March.” Jimin let out a small chuckle, and Yoongi’s heart lifted at the sound. ”Maybe, if I want to, I can even go up to the dude and tell him to fuck off. But you won’t. I wouldn’t let you.””Let me?””No. Your innocence would forever be tainted.” His desk partner, now finally meeting his eyes, scoffed. ”If anything has to be done, which it actually doesn’t, I can handle it. You can just stand by and like take credit for it.””Since when were you nice?””Nice? Is it nice to propose wrecking someone’s bike because a guy I didn’t even like got sad? The wrecking of a stranger's bike, whatever the circumstance, is not something to be celebrated. No, I’m just an ass.” Jimin shook his head, locking arms with his senior as they continued to walk. The senior, in return, yanked his arm back with a loud grunt. ”I don’t like skin ship.”The familiar, careless laugh of Jimin reached Yoongi, and his heart skipped a beat. This, whatever it was, was unhealthy and he wanted to get away before the hopelessness of his situation finally got to him. But, while it was something he wanted to flee from, to escape, he couldn’t actually bring himself to. ”No, I know that’s why it’s so fun.” And he laughed. He let himself, for a second, not overthink it all. He let himself, for only a brief moment of happiness, pretend that whatever he was feeling was okay.


”Taehyung, you have to tell us.” As soon as Jimin had reached his computer he logged into Skype, telling his friends to do the same. Taehyung looked like a mess. Jimin wanted to cry. ”I get that it’s hard and shit but what happened?”And he told them. He told them about his giddiness at the beginning of dance class, all the looks and glances that were thrown at him and how he had basked in them. Then his tone changed as he mentioned the boy, slowly sneaking closer to the senior. The boy with the light brown hair and blue eyes, apparently a foreigner with broken Korean. How the boy touched Hoseok’s arm as they laughed at a joke, how Hoseok had not once seemed bothered by it. How when Taehyung looked at them, expecting them several feet apart at the end of class he instead saw them clinging onto each other, tongues buried in each other’s throats and muffled moans. How he wanted to throw up. How he actually did throw up as soon as everyone was out of sight.Jungkook, looking as disgusted as Jimin felt, stated how eager he was to punch the senior’s face in. Taehyung, for a change, disagreed. He said he didn’t want to cause trouble. He didn’t want the senior to hate him even more than he probably already did. And Jimin, of course despising himself for it, picked up his phone way out of view for the web cam just so his friends wouldn’t be able to see what he did.[Jimin]: were u serious abt wrecking hoseoks bike[Mistake??]: Has something more happened?[Jimin]: just tell me yes or no[Mistake??]: ShitAnd Jimin was afraid he had stepped over the line. Maybe Yoongi had meant it as a joke, as a way to cheer him up. Maybe he would laugh, call Jimin stupid for not actually seeing that it was a joke. And would he be wrong, really? If Jimin couldn’t understand a simple joke wasn’t he just the dumbest person ever? His gut, who had been turning ever since the news about Hoseok reached him, was now having a rave party that he had no idea how to stop. He was silly, wasn’t he? For overreacting, for asking Yoongi for such a thing. Couldn’t he just do it himself? Why did he have to put everything on his friends?[Mistake??]: Yes, I’ll do itHe let himself breathe. He had overreacted. Why did he always to that? Overreact. It was stupid. He was stupid. Why would Yoongi be mad? Yoongi was a good guy. He wouldn’t get angry at such a simple request. They were friends.But were they? Really? Yoongi could just see him as a distraction from detention, and that’s why they never talked when they didn’t have to. But they talked on the way to detention. And Yoongi had approached him, not the other way around.No, he was overthinking again. He had to stop.[Jimin]: thxWas that too short? Now Yoongi wouldn’t answer, because you can’t send away a decent answer to that and the senior wasn’t one to talk if he didn’t have to. But he often talked to Jimin, without the pressure or need to. So were they friends? Or did they just talk because it was convenient and made time pass faster? Jimin liked Yoongi, he knew that much. But did Yoongi- nice, funny Yoongi- like him back? Jimin couldn’t help but doubting it. No, he didn’t. Because Yoongi was Yoongi, and he was Jimin. They were too unlike each other to click. But they had, hadn’t they? They at least seemed to enjoy each other’s company, and Yoongi had certainly seemed to start warming up to him. No, no, Jimin was searching for signs that weren’t there. It was just like him, to read into everything and make it a much bigger deal than it actually was. Stupid, stupid Jimin.”I’m just angry. I’m angry because he was leading me on and now he’s making out with some other guy? That’s fucked up. That’s really fucking fucked up.” Taehyung’s cracking voice woke the gray haired boy up from his overthinking, bringing him back into reality. ”I’m in a really bad mood so if I say something mean the next few days that’s why.”Jimin wanted to roll his eyes, but instead he chose to send his friend a sympathetic smile through the camera. ”Yea, of course. We get that’s why, you wouldn’t be mean if you didn’t have a reason.” Taehyung answered his smile, although his grief was still behind his eyes. ”And look, it will all make sense and get better. I promise.””Easy for you to say.”The boy laughed, ignoring the sting behind the words that weren’t even meant to be there. ”Yea, I know.”They said goodbye after a while, blaming the early parting on tiredness or homework, but in reality they all probably just wanted to be alone with their thoughts. At least, that’s what Jimin had longed for all day. He wanted some undisturbed time for himself so he could just think. And he had all day to do so, and then an entire weekend. He had loads of time just so he could get himself together and get prepared for the following weeks and what could follow. Weekends, he decided, were the best.He barely got a second of silence before his phone started buzzing, and as he glanced at the phone his heart stopped.[Unknown]: Hi, it’s Jiyong. Wanted to check if you’re free tomorrow. Call me. Or, text me. I guess.Oh god. This wasn’t happening. Jimin’s stomach felt light and his heart picked up its pace. Was this happiness?[Jimin]: Yeah, I’m free. Why?[Unknown]: Well, the going out thing obviously.Jimin gulped, his throat tightening up more by the second.[Jimin]: Right. Well, yeah. I’m free. What do you want to do?[Unknown]: We can go eat at this great restaurant I know and then we can go back to my place to watch this movie I rented a while ago but never returned.[Jimin]: Oh, okay. That works[Unknown]: I’ll pick you up at six then. You still have the same address right?[Jimin]: Yeah[Unknown]: Great. I’ll see you tomorrow. Wear something nice.[Jimin]: OkayJimin didn’t want to. Something in his belly made him uncertain and afraid. Did he really want to leave his house tomorrow? No, he did not. He wanted to stay home, watch some bad movies and not think. He didn’t want to go home to Jiyong (who had his own apartment) and eat dinner with him. No, that was far off his wish list. But at the same time, yes, it sounded like fun. Jiyong was a great guy, he was nice and funny and easy to talk to. It wouldn’t be awkward or anything, it would be just like old times. Maybe Jimin would actually have a crush on him. Maybe Jiyong would have a crush on him. Maybe it could work. Yes, of course it would work. Why was he doubting it? They had been such good friends before, going back to the good old days, reminiscing, it would be easy and there probably wouldn’t be a single silent moment between them.He couldn’t help but long for the weekend to pass, just so that he didn’t have to think about meeting Jiyong, because even though he tried to tell himself it was going to go fine he didn’t actually believe it.[Jimin]: uuu hyung??[Mistake??]: Don’t call me that[Mistake??]: But yes?[Jimin]: i need advice again[Mistake??]: I’m really the last person to look to for advice[Jimin]: no ur amazing just help me out once ok[Mistake??]: Okay, so what’s up?[Jimin]: even tho u dont date u must know[Jimin]: going to someone’s apartment to watch a movie[Jimin]: does that exclusively mean having sex or can it be just watching a movieHe didn’t have to wait long before his phone buzzed, signaling that someone was calling him. Yoongi. God damn it.”Yes hello hyung.””Don’t call me that. And who are we talking about here? What are they like, because if they’re like you it probably means just watching a movie.” His voice was low and rough, like he was annoyed. Jimin didn’t like that tone. It made him nervous.”I mean, you probably don’t know him.”
”Who is it?”
He sighed, bringing his hand up to muffle his mouth so his words wouldn’t be as easily heard. ”His name is Jiyong.””Don’t know him.” It sounded as if Yoongi shrugged, which he probably also did. Yoongi, Jimin had noticed, was a shrugger.”Told you so. He’s nice and fun but I don’t know him that well, we were friends like ten years ago but he moved to another part of town and it pretty much stopped there.” Jimin’s voice faded toward the end as he remembered his childhood. He had always lived on the outskirts of town, never really in the center of everything, and so his childhood was pretty unlike his other friends who had grown up in the middle of it all.
”And now he wants sex?”
Jimin tapped his fingers on the desk, unsure of what to say to not make anything awkward between them. He never thought he would be in the position to talk about sex with Yoongi, but here he was.”I don’t know. Maybe. He asked me today if I wanted to go out on a date and now he messaged me and I didn’t want to say no.”
”Well. I don’t think you should go with him then.”
”Why?” The gray haired boy couldn’t help but be surprised, as he had always thought his senior would be the one to push other towards getting out of their shells, but he was advised the opposite now.
”He sounds like a dick. Who just stops talking to someone because they move? Bad friend. Stay away.”
”Thanks hyung.” His gratitude wasn’t genuine, but rather a lot more confusing. It would’ve made him happy if Yoongi had cheered him on, strengthening his beliefs. Enforcing them. Now he had no idea where Yoongi was, what his opinions were.
”Don’t call me that. And I gotta go now, so I’ll see you. Don’t have sex with him.”
”I won-” The call stopped before he had time to finish the sentence. He sighed as he put down his phone, rubbing his temples. It made no sense. Why couldn’t just Yoongi had told him to go have a good time and to not forget the condoms? It would’ve made it all so much easier.Jimin didn’t sleep that night. He stayed up wondering about the following day, mulling over what could happen and how he would react. It was a scary situation and had it been anyone else he would’ve told them no, but it was Jiyong and he found himself unable to say no to him. It probably wasn’t very healthy.Saturday rolled around, slowly but surely. Time passed all too quickly for Jimin’s liking, and in the end he found himself standing in front of his door, waiting for a knock to break the silence that had been going on for almost two weeks. It did. He didn’t even have to stand there long before he dragged himself out of the cold to meet his date. He never told his parents where he was going. Why should he?”Hi.” Jiyong pulled him into a hug. Jimin answered it politely. ”Shall we go?” The gray haired boy followed without a word to the car that was parked in his driveway. The whole car ride was spent in silence, at least from Jimin’s side. Jiyong happily talked on without giving Jimin a second thought. It seemed as if he liked being the dominate speaker, which the younger had no problem with. The restaurant was pretty close by, only a fifteen minute drive- mainly because of traffic. When they got to the restaurant Jiyong hurried to get out of his seat only to round the car so he could hold Jimin’s door open for him. A nice gesture. Jimin felt silly for worrying, although he couldn’t let go of the gnawing feeling in his stomach. They sat down at a table for two, a waiter immediately joining them to give them the menus. Jiyong ordered for them both, and then the young woman disappeared to the kitchen. ”So, how’s school?”Jimin shrugged, bringing up his hands to shield his mouth, probably making his speech a lot harder to understand. ”Fine. It’s not easy with detention I guess, but other than that it’s just great.”Jiyong nodded understandingly, his head slightly tilted to the side. ”Being desk partner with Min Yoongi can’t be the easiest.” Jimin only shook his head, not wanting to argue. ”I heard he got into a fight a while back, some nasty stuff. He got detention, the other guy just got a warning. Mr. Kim was apparently pretty angry.” Why are they talking about Yoongi? Why did Jiyong want to talk about him? Was it just small talk? God, Jimin wasn’t good at this. ”In the cafeteria, too. Pretty big.””Yea, I guess.””Don’t get too close to him. He’s no good, he only causes trouble.” Jiyong shot him a smile which Jimin weakly answered. ”Either way, we shouldn’t talk about some douche on our date, right?” He’s not a douche. Jimin wanted to scream it, to let everyone in the restaurant know. Min Yoongi isn’t a douchebag.And that’s how dinner passed- with small talk, rarely leading to anything important being exchanged. They mostly talked about school, subjects ranging from grades to tests to detention. Jimin was extremely uninterested. He couldn’t care less. The night that he had dreamt of for ten years had finally come and he was bored out of his mind.
”Should we move to my place?” Jimin nodded, getting up from his seat. The dinner hadn’t been expensive, yet he still felt a small pang of guilt having Jiyong paying for it. The conversations didn’t get more interesting during the way to his small apartment, although the butterflies in Jimin’s stomach seemed to build up. Maybe because he had a hunch of where the night was going, maybe because he simply was that kind of person. Worried butterflies causing chaos in his body was certainly not new, so he should be used to it. He never found himself not wanting to throw up because of the distress in his stomach, though. He spent the whole car ride staring at his feet, hoping for time to fly and for the night to pass as quickly as possible. He wanted to somehow just find himself lying in his bed, thinking that the night had been so short and fast. But now he was still stuck in the car, praying to every god he could think of that it would be a merciful evening.
Luckily Jiyong lived on the first floor, and then Jimin found himself in a whole new room with a completely new smell. It was just like Jiyong, and how he had smelled ten years ago, however like on steroids. Jimin wasn’t against it, per say, but he also wouldn’t that he enjoyed it. ”Nice place you’ve got.” And it was. With white walls making it look brighter and bigger and furniture placed alongside them, it certainly wasn’t bad. It felt like home. Jimin liked the feeling of home. He didn’t like this home though.”Thanks. Amazing I actually got to move out so early, honestly.” He sat down on the couch, signaling for the younger to do the same- which he did with uncertainty shining through. ”Look, it’s okay. We’re just gonna watch a movie and then I’ll drive you home, okay?” Jimin nodded with a weak smile on his lips. Jiyong squeezed his shoulder and then got off the couch to get the dvd. ”It’s a pretty old movie, I hope you don’t mind. And it’s not Korean, so there’ll be subtitles. That okay, right?” Jimin nodded, only to realize his senior was turned with his back to him so he instead had to use his voice, something he had done sparingly during the whole date. ”It’s pretty good.” Jiyong sat down beside him, immediately moving his arm to rest on Jimin’s shoulders. The gray haired boy, although not really a prude and afraid of human contact, felt himself stiffening. It wasn’t a great feeling, but he did nothing about it.It was about an hour into the boring movie that the boy beside him made his first move. When Jimin didn’t argue, it continued. A hand on his thigh, the other in his hair. The sneaky creeping to get closer. The hand stroking him, moving up and down. The discomfort growing in his stomach. The disgust erupting to his head as he felt a hand under his shirt. The sickness as he felt it travel to under his pants. The panic as he shot up without a word. The sinking feeling in his chest as he looked down at the senior, who stared at him with eyes as big as plates. The confusion as he ran out of the apartment having no idea where to go next. The fright as he realized he had no idea where to go. It was a roller coaster of emotions, all felt during an extremely short amount of time. The boy looked around, his eyes searching for something familiar, something to tell him where he was. Somewhere in Busan. Somewhere in central Busan. But where?He did what he knew best. He ran. Without looking back, with adrenaline pumping through his body making his heart pound, he ran hoping for Jiyong to not follow him. As he did so, he snatched his phone out of his back pocket, dialing the first person he knew could help.It didn’t take long, only a few beeps, before the familiar voice greeted him with an even more familiar grunt.”Yoongi, it’s me. I need help and I have no idea where to go or what to do.”The senior gasped and what sounded like sheets rustling could be heard from the background. ”I’m on my way. What can you see?” Jimin rambled everything within his line of sight without a second doubt, putting every ounce of trust he had onto the boy on the other line. ”Stay right there. I know exactly where you are. And Jimin? Don’t. Move.”



Chapter End Notes
yoyoyoyo im back it took a while bc i procrastinated writing but now im procrastinating home work so im doing this 2 avoid di other i guessso hello ?? so much happened in this one what a chapter that isnt filler ??? shockeri dont have much 2 say, comments r appreciated i love seeing that someone has commented even if its not like critique i just love hearing ur opinions and oh gosh im getting cheesybut eh i wont promise that an update will come soon but i will promise that it will come. some day, probably. before christmas. probably.i love u all ill c u next time dont forget abt me byyyeyeeeee love uuuuu


the incredible yoon
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Jimin wouldn’t call himself restless, but waiting for Yoongi to show up while standing completely still proved to be almost impossible. He wanted to run, to get as far away from Jiyong as possible, but Yoongi had told him to not move and he had no other choice but to obey. It certainly didn’t help that he was afraid that every time he turned around, Jiyong would be there. No, the small, gnawing thoughts in the back of his mind made him sick. He simply couldn’t understand what had happened, it had all happened so fast and it gave him no real time to think. Maybe running out like that wasn’t the best alternative, maybe he should’ve stayed and talked to his old friend about his conflicting feelings and what to do. 
”Jimin.”Said boy felt himself finally breathing at the sound of his senior’s voice. He turned around to where it came from, facing Yoongi after what felt like ten years of waiting. ”Hyung.” His senior, who looked both pissed off and relieved, grabbed him by his hand and started pulling him to a direction which Jimin had no idea where it lead. ”Hyung, where are we going?”Yoongi stopped, never letting go of the boy’s hand. They stared at each other for a second, at a loss for words, before the younger was pulled into a tight embrace, letting out a quiet yelp. The hug, although tight and warm, ended quickly and then they were at an arms length apart again. The black haired boy eyed him up and down, checking for what Jimin guessed was any evidence of violence or anything else, well, inappropriate. ”What happened?””Nothing.” The look he got was like a thousand daggers stabbing him in his stomach, so he continued, his voice low. ”He touched me.” Yoongi stiffened, looking like he was ready to turn around and kick the stranger’s door down. ”Not like that! Well, yes, kind of like that. But he didn’t do anything.””What did he do?” Jimin was afraid telling the senior would end up with a murdered Jiyong, seeing how his voice was far from calm and not-caring as it so often was. It was rough, cold and no traces of sympathy could be found in Yoongi’s entire body, except for the hands now grasping Jimin’s small shoulders. They were firm, careful not to squeeze too tight and hurt the younger.”He put his hand down my pants” He felt silly for phrasing it like that. Heck, he felt silly for calling his desk partner, for taking this with him and placing his worries on Yoongi’s plate. Shit. Was he angry because Jimin had called him, and not because of Jiyong’s actions? Had Jimin just completely misinterpreted the whole situation?Yoongi closed his eyes and took a deep breath, letting silence fall between the pair, making Jimin even more nervous of his reaction. ”I’m going to kill him.” He completely ignored his younger’s loud protests, his grip tightening on the shoulders he had once been careful to hurt. ”I’m serious. Where does he live?””Yoongi, stop.””No, I won’t fucking stop because he’s a real fucking dick treating you like that. Tell me, where does he fucking live?” His voice was louder by then, making his ash haired desk partner feel small and completely helpless. Jimin did the only thing he could do, and shut his mouth completely. ”Why are you even protecting him? You didn’t want his disgusting fucking hand touching you like that, so why can’t you just tell me where the fuck he is?””Why do you think? Because I don’t want you getting in trouble for something I did”He grunted as he let his hands drop from Jimin’s shoulders, probably in fear of crushing them. ”But you didn’t do this. He did.”Jimin sighed, looking into his senior’s eyes, noting to himself that they had gone dark. Yoongi was indeed extremely angry, and it scared him as he realized he had no idea what his desk partner was capable of. ”I agreed to going to his apartment.””Yea, because you were going to watch a movie. He was the one making a move on you without your consent, obviously thinking he was gonna get away with it.” He took a deep breath, probably to not start yelling at the top of his lungs. He let his eyes drop for a brief second, before yet again reconnecting with Jimin’s. ”Anyone that even dares looking at you without your god damn consent is a fucking prick that deserves a punch to the face.”Why did this tug on Jimin’s heartstrings? It wasn’t touching, far from it actually. It wasn’t very nice either, so why did he feel his stomach dropping and heart picking up its pace? ”Yoongi-””I’m serious. You deserve so much, Jimin. I don’t get how someone can just fuck you up in so many ways. Not to bring up Taehyung here, but I’m totally bringing up Taehyung. That shit’s not healthy.” Jimin scoffed at the mention of his friend, probably steering the older in a different way to not upset him. ”And Jiyong too, thinking he can do so much without any consequences and I’m so mad, Jimin. I’m so mad at how people can not just see you and appreciate you for the work of art you are.”Jimin, at a loss of words, only stared at his senior in disbelief. Work of art? ”Hyung, are you drunk?”He didn’t hesitate, but Jimin noticed how he obviously avoided the question itself. ”I’m only telling the truth. You don’t deserve any of this shit and it’s making me mad how even you won’t see it. You can’t see what I’m seeing and it’s so frustrating.” Jimin didn’t breathe, didn’t move. He wasn’t sure if he should, even if he wanted to. ”You deserve so much, Jimin.” Yoongi’s voice was merely a whisper, and it felt like he was getting closer, like the space between them was getting smaller.Jimin could feel his senior’s breath in his face, and it smelled like mint. He had expected the faint smell of alcohol, but there was none. Then he realized the space between them was closing in, and his heart started picking up pace, even more so than earlier. Yoongi could probably hear it. He, himself, could hear it beating. He did his best to regulate his breathing, so his senior wouldn’t be completely grossed out by the smell. But why did he care? Why wasn’t he pulling away? Why wasn’t Yoongi pulling away? He had to be drunk. Were they even going to kiss? Jimin surely must have misunderstood it all, maybe he had a scratch in his forehead that the older wanted to get a closer look at. Yea, that had to be it. It explained the way Yoongi looked at him with half lidded eyes, and lips slightly parted. It explained the sudden closeness. It explained it all. Jimin simply must have read it all wrong. They weren’t going to kiss.The senior quickly pulled away, with faint curses being heard. Jimin took several steps back, away from the black haired boy in front of him. He tried to get a closer look at his elder, but couldn’t see anything considering the darkness surrounding them and how Yoongi stood with his head hung low, staring at the pavement they stood on. ”Hyung?” His small voice was shaky, still in shock from the recent changes of atmosphere.He tore his eyes from the ground, instead placing them on his desk partner who couldn’t even bring himself to look away. ”Shit, yea?””Are you okay?””I’m fine. A better question is if you’re okay, since you’re the one,” his voice trailed off, and he brought up his hand to move it in a circular motion as he tried to find the right words, ”you’re the one who called me for help.” Jimin nodded, although he didn’t say anything. He was, to say the least, extremely confused. ”So, are you okay?” The gray haired boy nodded again, and Yoongi flashed him a smile that made Jimin’s heart flip. ”I should get you home, shouldn’t I?””I don’t really wanna go home right now.”Yoongi brought up his hands, burying them in his hair. ”I get that.” Yet again silence fell upon them, since neither of them seemed to have any idea what to say that could set the feeling in the air right again. ”Well, I live pretty close by, you can hang there until you’ve calmed down.””Yea, thanks. I’d appreciate that.” He managed out a small puff of laughter, and then they continued walking, Yoongi always making sure to keep a safe distance between them. The silence was heavy, but neither of the two did anything to break it. They were both sure that talking would only make the situation worse, and so they let it be silent- however they also knew that they had to talk about the night one day. Just not that day.As Yoongi opened the door to his apartment, he was met with his father’s angry eyes. Shit. Jimin seemed to almost shrink under the man’s stare that bounced between the two boys. ”Yoongi?” Said boy nodded and began taking off his shoes, noting for his desk partner to do the same. ”Yoongi, who’s this?” The senior, who was bent over trying to untie his shoes, threw a glance to his younger who looked like a small, lost puppy.”His name’s Jimin. He’s-” he stopped as he straightened out, standing upright again. ”A friend. He’ll stay for a while.” His father looked like he was about to say something, and Yoongi interrupted it immediately. ”I don’t care if you don’t like it or not, he’s staying.” Without waiting for his father’s answer (who probably wouldn’t even have been very positive) he dragged his desk partner to his room in safety from the other family members.Jimin sat down on the unmade bed, leaning his back against the wall behind him. ”So, we’re friends?”Yoongi shrugged and sat down beside him, bringing his legs up to cross them. ”I figured he wouldn’t let you stay if I said we met at detention.””And you care about his permission?” The boy seemed to have calmed down, if only slightly. He, unlike Yoongi, didn’t mind the small space between them. It didn’t mean anything to him, and Yoongi forced himself to remember that, to not do the same mistake as he had done earlier.”No, it would just be much easier to have you here if he doesn’t suspect you for murder or something.” The gray haired boy let out a small, silent laugh, the sound almost angelic to the older’s ears. Yoongi wanted to slap himself for being so cheesy. ”So for today, we can be friends.”Jimin raised an eyebrow. ”Only for today? Are you sure, hyung?””As soon as I tell you we're friends I’ll have no reason to stop you from calling me hyung, so yes. Only for today. Then we’ll go back to kind of hating each other again.””I don’t hate you, hyung.””Well, I said kind of.”Jimin crossed his arms, sighing loud and clear. ”I don’t kind of hate you either. Hyung, would I have called you like that if I didn’t like you?””No. But I’m glad you did.” When Yoongi didn’t say anything more than that, Jimin had to push him to elaborate, which he did hesitantly. ”I’m glad you trust me enough to call me when you need help.”The younger scoffed, lightly shoving his elbow into his desk partner’s side. ”Well, you kind of broke into my home when I was sad to hug me.”Yoongi raised a finger, pointing it to his desk partner’s face so it almost touched the nose. ”To my defense I thought you were dead.”Jimin waved away the statement with his hand, letting out deep sighs. ”Yea yea, whatever. You love me.” He then got pushed, hard enough so he fell over so his side landed on the bed. ”Thank you, though.” He sat up again, leaning his head on Yoongi’s shoulder. ”I appreciate your help, both for back then and for now.”He shouldn’t. He really shouldn’t. Yoongi wanted to, but he knew it was wrong for both parts. The black haired boy silently shook his head, telling himself that he didn’t care. Because he was Min Yoongi, and Min Yoongi simply doesn’t care. Against his better judgement he let his arm trail behind the boy’s back, slightly pulling him in closer, pushing their bodies together even more to get every inch to touch. ”It’s cool. I’m glad I could help.”The younger boy only draped an arm over Yoongi’s chest, and then they were hugging. Yoongi could hear the small breaths of the boy holding him, the small head weighing on his chest. It felt so right. The butterflies that had followed him all through the night were completely washed away, leaving nothing but small tingling in their place. He managed to push their bodies even closer, using the excuse that his desk partner seemed to be cold when he in fact just wanted to feel his warmth and hear his breathing and smell the discreet perfume that was so Jimin. It was almost careful in its scent, like it didn’t want to be noticed. Yoongi had been surprised when he felt it the first time, because Jimin didn’t seem like the type of person to use perfume, but he had apparently been wrong.Jimin was confused. He had liked Yoongi from the moment they started talking for real, and had considered the senior as a friend since the incident with Taehyung- but this was something completely new. The whole night had messed with his head, and his view of the black haired boy beside him. He was sure something had changed, he could understand it from the way his stomach flipped every time the senior pushed them together even more (as if it was possible) and the way he had stopped breathing the second Yoongi had placed his arm around his back. No, it was something else there. There was something entirely new and he was afraid of knowing what it was. He, of course, could guess but he repressed the thoughts as soon as they tried to be known.The younger let his eyes sweep across the messy room, noticing the balls of crumpled up paper that decorated the floor and wondered about what caused his senior to throw them away. Yoongi seemed to know what Jimin wanted to ask before he had even opened his mouth to do so. ”I write. Music, that is. The papers are some lyrics I didn’t like.”Jimin let out a small oh, nodding toward some balls to ask for permission, which he got. He got up from the bed and instead sat down on the floor, beginning to open up the crumpled papers to read what they were saying. He wasn’t able to understand at first, because of the messy hand writing, but eventually came to decipher it. And while it certainly wasn’t the best he’s even read, he didn’t get the disappointment and shame in his elder’s face, as if it was a sin to even look at the wrinkled words. ”This is good.”Yoongi shook his head and sat down beside him on the hard floor, stroking his hands on his legs and looking anywhere else than at the gray haired boy. ”No, not really. It’s cheesy and pretty dorky.” Jimin sighed and started reading the lyrics out loud, questioning how they were cheesy in any way, to which Yoongi only grunted and covered his ears. ”I don’t wanna hear, seriously. They’re really bad.””Hyung, look at me.” The black haired boy hesitantly redirected his eyes, so they instead met with the younger’s. ”You’re dorky, but these lyrics are not.”The senior scoffed and got up from the floor, dusting his pants of when he finally stood up straight. He offered his hand to help the younger get up, but got rejected as Jimin did fine without it. ”Gee, thanks for the motivational words.”Jimin beamed. ”You’re welcome!”Yoongi threw a glance at the clock beside his bed, noting that it was getting late and that his desk partner should get home soon- completely ignoring the sinking feeling in his chest as he realized he once again would be left alone without the sunshine beside him to keep him company. ”Shouldn’t you go home soon?””What, you don’t want me here anymore?”He sighed, not really in the mood for games. He had had a long night, and while he usually didn’t mind teasing and joking around, and pretending to hate each other, this just wasn’t the time for it. ”That’s not it, and you know it, but your parents will get worried if you’re gone for much longer.”Jimin shook his head, lying down on the small bed with his hands under his head. He moved his legs to make space for Yoongi, who now also wanted to sit, placing them over his senior’s lap. ”No they won’t.” Yoongi, of course, asked why seeing how it was a kind of ridiculous statement. Of course they would get worried, what kind of parent wouldn’t? ”Because we haven’t talked for like two weeks.”The black haired boy felt his heart stopping. What? ”You’re joking.” When the statement wasn’t followed with a wide grin and an obnoxious ’surprise’ from his desk partner he swallowed hard, continuing to ask the younger why.”Because I oversleep and they think I’m worthless or something.” Jimin shrugged, or at least tried to since he was lying on his back. He lifted his head slightly from the pillow to be able to look at his elder, letting his hands support it. He managed to smile, and Yoongi noted how he must’ve been used to the pain of neglect, seeing how the smile seemed genuine.”You’re not worthless.”Jimin ignored his senior, looking up at the ceiling and letting his feet move to some beat in his head. ”To their defense they’re probably right and I kind of oversleep all the time so.””You’re not worthless.”Continuing to ignore the older, he shook his head and pursed his lips, deep in thoughts that Yoongi couldn’t even begin to imagine. ”Well, I don’t oversleep anymore. At least, not as much.” The senior smiled down at the gray haired boy, who still had his eyes set on the white ceiling above him, noting that the change was good and that he should be proud. Jimin nodded. ”Yeah, but instead I just don’t sleep.”Yoongi gasped, the sarcasm in Jimin’s voice not being able to hide the sadness dripping from the words. ”Are you serious?” The younger didn’t answer, and so Yoongi felt himself growing more and more worried for the mental state of a person he once thought was the happiest human being alive. ”Jimin, are you joking with me right now? Are you for real not sleeping?””Yes, I sleep.” Yoongi breathed out, feeling relieved for a mere second before his desk partner once again began to speak. ”Like, a few hours per night if I’m lucky. Sometimes I don’t sleep, and sometimes I sleep like twelve hours. I’m good though.””No, you’re not good. Jimin, why are you not sleeping?”Said boy shrugged, now regretting to have opened up in the first place. ”I don’t feel like it.” He knew Yoongi didn’t believe him, he could see it in the way he furrowed his eyebrows and bit his lower lip, almost drawing blood from the harsh pressure. ”Look, Yoongs. Hyung. My man. Y-dog. The incredible Yoon. I just don’t wanna sleep. Sleeping is kind of a waste of time and I’m much more productive at night, writing is much easier when I’m like, awake.””Sleeping is so important, it’s not a waste of time! Have you ever read about the consequences of not sleeping? Have you any idea of what you’re doing to your body?” Yoongi was beginning to get fired up at the thought of his desk partner abusing himself. Because that was what it was- abuse.Jimin could see how Yoongi started to take up more space, the small changes in his voice and posture. He was beginning to get angry, just because Jimin wasn’t sleeping. He didn’t know how to feel about that. ”I am fully aware of what I am doing, hyung.””Then why? Why are you letting yourself stay awake? Why are you forcing yourself to stay awake when you have to sleep, when it’s vital to sleep?””I don’t know, hyung. Because I just don’t wanna sleep? Because when you try to fall asleep you think of a lot of shit so by not sleeping you won’t have to do that? Because I like writing and the only time I can actually do that is at 3am? Because I don’t deserve to sleep? You tell me.”Yoongi’s growing anger vanished. Jimin wasn’t intentionally keeping himself awake- well yes he was but that wasn’t the point- he was just afraid of falling asleep and thought of it as some kind of reward, some kind of treat that only the good people in life could take part of, that he didn’t deserve. And suddenly, it all made sense. ”Jimin, are you okay?” Silence. Jimin didn’t say anything, only continued to stare up at the ceiling. Yoongi felt himself turning inside out by the suspense, and he waited anxiously for the answer that might never come.”No.”The voice disturbing the silence was breaking, and even if Yoongi hadn’t observed him closely he would’ve understood that tears were dangerously close to falling. The senior hesitated for a second, completely frozen still in his position, uncertain of what to do. He had comforted the younger before, sure, but back then he hadn’t really known why. Offering his shoulder now, when he was fully aware of the circumstances, it was completely different. Maybe it was more sentimental, more close, but he felt completely different now than he had before. ”Jimin, you can talk to me. How long have you felt like this?””I haven’t slept like I should for maybe two years?”Yoongi’s heart broke, and he let out a silent prolonged no under his breath. He couldn’t believe it. And he had thought Jimin got too much sleep. Oh how wrong he was. ”Jimin-”Jimin flashed a smile at his senior, who could see through it like glass. ”But I’m okay! I really am. I’m used to it by now, so you don’t have to worry.””Jimin, you’re obviously not okay.””No, but I really am!””So you’ll have no problem if I send you home right now, to meet your parents?” Jimin got silent. Yoongi sighed, grabbing his desk partner’s hand to squeeze it. ”You don’t have to go home. You can sleep here if you want to. That’s no problem.”Jimin beamed yet again, finally getting up from lying down so he could hug his senior who returned it without any sign of doubt. ”Thank you, hyung.””It’s fine, don’t worry about it.” Yoongi got up from the bed and started taking out blankets out of his wardrobe, until finally throwing them to the boy who looked back at him in wonder. ”I can sleep on the floor, but then I want to at least have my duvet, so I hope it’ll be enough with these blankets for you.” The gray haired boy tilted his head slightly to the right, looking more and more confused by the second. Yoongi understood why, and he pointed a finger at him, putting his free hand on his hip. ”And you will sleep. I’ll notice if you don’t.”Jimin raised his hands to the air in defeat, trying to look as innocent as possible by pouting his lower lip and letting his head hang in defeat. ”I’ll sleep.””I’ll make sure you do, brat.” The gray haired boy rolled his eyes and Yoongi rolled right back. And then, despite neither of them actually being tired, they went to sleep. Or, rather to bed. None of them even tried to close their eyes, they were both lying awake with their arms crossed over their blankets and minds buzzing with thoughts they’d ignored all night but now had to be dealt with. It happened that Jimin glanced down at the senior lying beside him and sighed at the sight. It also happened that Yoongi glanced up at the younger lying beside him, and held back a scream at the sight.There was, in actuality, so much to talk about that had been pushed back, thrown away. What they were to each other, what they felt about their friendship. Jimin still wasn’t sure, unlike Yoongi who knew very well what the gray haired boy meant to him. He had known for a while, not long enough so that he had figured out what to do, but enough time had passed for him to be able to understand the feeling in his gut every time the younger flashed him a smile or held back a sob. He hated this Jiyong for treating Jimin like that, for making him feel uncomfortable and scared. Jimin didn’t deserve that. Jimin deserved so much that Yoongi would never be able to give him, Jimin deserved so much happiness that Yoongi would never be able to provide. And then they were back to both being incredibly uncertain of the value that the relationship between them carried. It was worth a lot, no doubt, but did it mean the same to both of them, and if not- how does one get over that?It was sometime during the night, no one really knew when, that Jimin found himself completely and utterly senseless. He shook with the cold that had struck him, and the thought of Yoongi lying just a small distance away made his heart burn. He wasn’t sure if it was normal behavior or if he was actually dying but he decided to ignore it. Just a few moments later he just crawled down to the boy on the floor, thinking of every excuse he could use the next morning. He just needed some closeness, some warmth, someone. And Yoongi was there, sleeping, and did Jimin really have a choice? Jimin just snaked in under the duvet that his senior had so stubbornly kept for himself, and finally closed his eyes. He felt arms grabbing him, pulling him closer and then wrapping around him. Warmth. Closeness. Someone.What Yoongi would probably never tell the younger was that he was awake when it happened. He was fully aware of Jimin’s back pressed against his chest, or how their breathing started syncing together. He felt happiness growing in his chest when he heard the soft snores of the boy in his arms, and finally felt himself being able to sleep. He found that sleeping was so much more pleasing when it was with someone he cared about, someone who made him into someone he actually liked. Waking up, with small rays of sun sneaking through the blinds and Jimin still asleep was the happiest he’s ever been in the morning. He didn’t get up until Jimin woke, and then he pretended to still be sleeping. Yoongi never asked why Jimin crawled down to the floor with him, and Jimin never mentioned it. A mutual agreement of silence, that favored both of them.They parted as class began, but aside from that they spent the entire morning together. Taehyung never questioned Jimin’s silence, and Namjoon never questioned the smile always present on Yoongi’s face.Lunch came around, and Jimin was walking through the crowded corridors with his two friends, and they were chatting happily about whatever they could think of. Girls, school, video games. Their conversation, however, got interrupted by some screams coming from the end of the halls, followed by the sound of something dropping to the floor. Then they heard grunts, muffled voices. The three friends ran to the scene, pushing past onlookers to be able to see what was going on.Two boys fighting. As Jimin creeped closer and closer, he recognized the messy tuft of black hair, and immediately knew who it was. He swallowed hard, trying to look at who it was under the senior. It was hard at first, seeing the many punches that was thrown against the face of the boy, but Jimin didn’t recognize the face, and so he instead just screamed at the boys to stop. Yoongi only looked up for a second, causing the one under him to gain control and then it was him being punched.Mr. Kim’s voice could be heard screaming in the distance, but none of the boys stopped trying to punch the other’s teeth out. Jimin felt as if screaming wasn't enough, that his loud voice wouldn't be able to do any change. That, however, didn't stop him from yelling at the boy he had cuddled up to just a few hours prior. ”Yoongi, stop, please!” Jimin only got a grunt as an answer, but the senior probably couldn’t get anything out other than that seeing the situation he was in. It didn’t take long before Mr. Kim had appeared, and by then it was Yoongi that was on top again, throwing blind punches at the other one’s face.It took until they had been pulled apart by several teachers that Jimin could get a closer look of their faces. Yoongi, being slightly damaged but nothing really bad, weakly smiled at him and the only response he got back was a sigh.Then Jimin looked at the other one, and his breath hitched. Under the blood and probably broken nose and swollen eye, was a face he thought he wouldn’t ever in that condition. The broken face of Jiyong, who stared back at him with a look full of rage and disgust. Jimin, who always thought he was quite resistant, realized that everything went black and that he before he could even start to think about it, was falling. He heard small yelps and the faraway voice of Yoongi, who screamed at someone to catch him. No one did.



Chapter End Notes
hi im writing this just be4 class oh boiiiiiiiiihope u liked ill have 2 go through it again after school but like eh yea hope u liked it comments r v appreciated im in genuine need of them to survive support a fellow here boi and uuuuu yeaedit: ive changed some things but overall nothing has rly changed but eee yea hope u enjoyed di chapter and that u have/had a good day and dont forget to eat and sleep take care of urself ok its important


personal lollipop
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





When Jimin opened his eyes again it felt like several decades had passed, although he woke up to the sight of people standing over him, staring and yelling for him to wake up- and that meant he obviously had only been gone for a few minutes tops. Yoongi sat beside him, with a hand placed on his shoulder, squeezing it lightly. Taehyung sat on his other side, and he looked mostly pissed off. If it was because of Jimin’s blackout or the fact that Yoongi also was there, comforting him, no one knew but Jimin couldn’t help but feel as if it was a mixture of the two.
As Taehyung looked down at his his friend, his face softened slightly. His furrowed brows were still present, but Jimin did his best to convince himself that they were out of concern. ”Shit, Chimie, are you okay?”The gray haired boy, already sick of all the attention thrown at him, groaned as he sat up. The headache came as a bullet and it made his lunch force its way up his throat, almost getting past his mouth that he so desperately tried to keep closed. The people surrounding him backed away, except for the two beside him. They sat as if glued to the floor, and Jimin would’ve thanked them if it weren’t for the contents in his mouth that he couldn’t bare to swallow back down again. Yoongi’s hand had left his shoulder, instead landing on his knee.”Take it slow, ’kay? Do it in your own pace.” Yoongi’s voice, which around other people than Jimin always was pretty low and rough, was smooth and without any trace of ill will. The surrounding students definitely noticed, raising their eyebrows or offering small whispers to their friends. It wasn’t really unexpected, it was bound to happen sometime that Yoongi let his guard down around people other than his younger. It still bothered him though, Jimin could see it in the way his back straightened and his hand was slowly lifting from his knee.Jimin cleared his throat, forcing the liquid down his throat yet again and then used both of his friends as support to get up. ”I’m good. Thanks.” He shot both of them small smiles, and then it was back to normal. Mr. Kim coughed, telling the junior to make the school nurse a visit, followed by barking at both seniors to go to the principal. The crowd scattered as they all separated different ways, the older being followed closely by teachers as the younger were left to themselves.Both Taehyung and Jungkook threw themselves at their newly awakened friend, their hugs choking Jimin until he probably was blue. They peppered him with questions, about his well being as well as relationship with Yoongi. Jimin couldn’t answer either of them, being uncertain on both subjects. He blamed his silence on loss of energy, and while it certainly wasn’t a straight up lie- he was pretty exhausted from all the sudden drama- it wasn’t the whole truth. He didn’t want to talk about Yoongi with his friends, his relationship with the older boy was confusing as it was, he didn’t need his friends wondering and disapproval to spin his head even more.He got to lie down at the nurse for about an hour, until he decided it was enough. Then he went back to class, not letting his eyes leave the clock in the front of the classroom. He anticipated the moment when he would yet again meet his senior to be able to talk about what had happened. Obviously Jimin understood why it was Yoongi and Jiyong fighting, but he needed to know what exactly had went down- what had triggered it, etc. He knew Yoongi enough to understand that he wouldn’t just attack Jiyong without anything happening first.It felt like two fleeting seconds before Jimin found himself standing in front of the classroom with his hand gripping the door knob. He took a few deep breaths, telling himself that everything would be fine, before entering without lingering in the doorway. Yoongi wasn’t there. The seat was empty, his absence making the whole room seem much smaller and murkier. Jimin didn’t even hesitate, as he turned around and made his exit. He wasn’t going to not see Yoongi. That was simply not a possibility. Mr. Kim didn’t even shout after him, and the young boy who usually couldn’t stand the teacher now felt a great sense of gratitude.Now, Jimin didn’t even know if the senior was home, but that was where he was heading. He didn’t even know where he lived except for that it was in the middle of town. He was sure he could recognize it from that night, and to a degree he did. But Busan, despite being the only thing he had ever known, looked pretty much the same and trying to find his way around in an area where he rarely was, well, that was just bound to end up badly. It certainly didn’t help that his sense of direction was pretty bad. After being on the look out for a familiar lamppost or building site for what felt like several hours, a seemingly meaningless statue popped up pretty much out of nowhere, and he recognized it after a few minutes thinking. He had noticed it that night, making a mental note of it. And relief washed over him- it meant he was on the right track.And just like that he realized that he was there. The apartment complex in front of him was Yoongi’s, and the boy was close to tears by the gratitude of his alertness from that night. He ringed the bell for the Min-apartment, and Yoongi’s tired voice made Jimin’s belly flip. Apparently the senior was as surprised to find Jimin there as Jimin himself was, but he wasted no time before letting his junior in. As the boy climbed the several stairs he found himself fidgeting in his pockets. He was nervous. Why? To see Yoongi, hurt and beaten? Probably. To have to face Yoongi again, after yesterday? Definitely.Jimin knocked on the familiar, brown door, and without a second’s passing it was opened, Yoongi standing on the other side. He didn’t look as Jimin thought he would’ve. He didn’t seem hurt, in fact he seemed happy. The boy was let into the apartment with a smile.”You weren’t at detention, so I thought I should come here. If that’s okay.” Why was Jimin nervous? His belly seemed to be in an uproar and all he wanted to do was avoid his senior’s looks, while at the same time never again not look at him. God damn it, was he confused.Yoongi chuckled and led his younger into the living room. They were home alone. Oh boy. ”It’s not like I could stop you. And no, I wasn’t at detention. I got sent home.” Jimin let out a gasp, asking a silent question that got an immediate answer. ”No, I will come back tomorrow. They just got me to go home for the rest of the day, probably to let it cool down.”The gray haired boy made himself comfortable in the black couch, wrapping himself in with the furriest blanket he’s ever seen. Yoongi did the same, although he snuggled up in a much less cozy blanket, and Jimin would’ve shared his if it weren’t for, 1. his uncertainness of the senior, and 2. he wanted his blanket all for himself. ”So. Today. What happened?”The senior shrugged, fidgeting with the edge of the blanket. ”We fought.” Jimin rolled his eyes and sighed, because that was rather obvious. ”Jimin, you know the reason. Don’t act like you’re surprised.”Hearing the senior say his name made Jimin’s stomach flip. What’s even happening? Shit. ”I’m not surprised you fought, ass. I’m surprised that you did so without any special reason.” Yoongi threw his head back and grunted, already tired at his junior’s tries to get any information out of him. It wouldn’t work.”But I did have a reason. That night gave me enough reason to last centuries.” Jimin scooted closer to the senior, resting his forehead on his shoulder.”That’s not enough of a reason. You wouldn’t just jump on him. I know that, Yoongi.” Said boy scoffed, but didn’t push the other one away. They stayed like that for a while, both of them unaware of the other one’s thoughts, and their extreme similarities. Their rampant wonderings about them, of Jiyong and what he had actually done.The black haired boy gave up trying to hold the tense silence, letting his raspy voice break it instead. ”He didn’t do anything. I saw him in the corridor, remembered that I’m angry and punched him in the face. It’s on me. Although he deserved it, so I’m not feeling very guilty about it.”Jimin lifted his forehead from the older’s shoulder, squinting at him, understanding that it wouldn’t do anything about the not-guilty thing. He knew he couldn’t make Yoongi regret his actions, and maybe he shouldn’t. What Jiyong had done was wrong. But not that wrong, right? ”He didn’t deserve the broken nose.”Yoongi flinched, staring at his desk partner with eyes the size of the moon. ”Did I break his nose?” The smile that then crept on his lips made Jimin feel uneasy, but he couldn’t deny it certainly flipped his stomach in a way that had become habit around the older. ”Shit, I broke his nose. I broke the bastard’s nose!”Jimin crossed his arms over his chest, furrowing his brows. ”Yoongi, that’s not good.””Fuck yea, it is! Oh boy, that teaches him to not go around putting his hands down stranger’s pants again.””I’m not a stranger, though.”The senior raised a finger, pointing it at Jimin in defense. ”But you’re not a friend either.”Jimin rolled his eyes, but didn’t say anything. He thought for a second, doubtful. ”I just feel like, maybe, you know, it’s my fault.” Yoongi raised an eyebrow, asking his junior to go on. It passed a few minutes, probably so that Jimin could gather his thoughts, but during that time all the senior could think about was that Jiyong’s face wasn’t enough broken, apparently. ”Yea, but maybe he doesn’t deserve that. He just read my signals wrong, it was a mistake.””Jimin.” Said boy nodded, breaking the eye contact to instead look at the wall behind Yoongi. ”Did you explicitly say to him that you wanted that?” Jimin shook his head. ”Did you in any way flirt with him or make him somehow think that you wanted that?” Another no. Yoongi scratched his head, this time his turn to gather the rummaging thoughts that raced his head. ”Then you didn’t ask for that, and that wasn’t a mistake. I don’t know if he’s just overconfident or simply stupid, but that’s completely on him and you shouldn’t blame yourself.”Yoongi had expected a long, tearful conversation, but the reaction he got was the completely opposite of that. Jimin straightened out his back, nodding determinedly. ”Yea, you’re right. Although he still didn’t deserve the broken nose.”A step in the right direction, he thought as he pulled his younger into a hug. ”Don’t worry. Broken noses don’t stay broken forever.” Jimin scoffed a vague ’obviously’  but Yoongi made no note of it. He focused on the hug, mainly. He cherished the moments where he could hold Jimin without being strange, without the boy questioning his true feelings. Jesus, he was fucked.The hug made Jimin uncomfortable. It made him want to wriggle out of there, to sit on the complete opposite side of the couch and just think. He had done that a lot, the whole thinking, but he hadn’t come up with an answer. He was as clueless as before, but now he was also much more stressed. He wished he could be like Yoongi, completely sure of their friendship. Yoongi, who just saw him as a close friend. He wished he could be that confident in his feelings. But he had come to realize that that was far from the truth. Every time he saw his senior he wanted to hide himself. He knew he liked him, of course. Everything Yoongi did was amazing- except for the whole breaking nose thing- but it was the kind of like that he was uncertain of. Jimin had had boyfriends before, some more serious than others, but enough to know that he wasn’t straight. But he hadn’t felt like this with his other boyfriends before. This was new. Was it good, or was it bad new? Shit.The silence that had been building up between them was tense. The eye contact too. They simply sat there, turned to each other, staring at the boy in front of them. Yoongi held back the thought that it would’ve been so easy. Just to lean forward, to let out the frustration he’s built up, to just kiss him. The consequences were too dire, though, and he would rather jump out the window than either be rejected or put Jimin in the same situation as Jiyong did. No, that wouldn’t do. He would simply have to wait, either for Jimin to make a move or for his feelings to move on. Because, they would do that, right?Jimin’s phone that were sat on the living room table buzzed, completely shattering the atmosphere around them. Several buzzes followed the first one, and the young boy carefully picked it up. Yoongi saw the screen and cursed at himself. Taehyung just needed to shut up, didn’t he?[taenoturhyung]: guys[taenoturhyung]: gUysS[taenoturhyung]: gUesS hWo i TalekD roO[Kookie]: A therapist, finally?[taenoturhyung]: no u meanie[taenoturhyung]: hoseok[taenoturhyung]: and let me just[taenoturhyung]: guess who just talked it out w his crush, solving all the misunderstandings[Kookie]: Jimin, hopefullyYoongi almost jumped out of his seat. Did Jimin have a crush? Since when? Who? Jimin seemed as stressed, quickly typing out a message while looking like he held back a scream.[Chimie]: shut up kookie go back 2 ur cave[Kookie]: /:[taenoturhyung]: since no1s gonna guess ill just have 2 reveal the answer[taenoturhyung]: mE![Chimie]: thats gr8 tae[taenoturhyung]: guess who confessed to his crush, too[Kookie]: no[Kookie]: u didnt[Chimie]: kookies in such shock he forgot abt being grammatically correct[taenoturhyung]: now[taenoturhyung]: guess who just had a dick in their mouth!!Silence. Jimin stared at the screen in disbelief, as did Yoongi. No one in the chat said anything, either. It was as if the whole world had stopped spinning, except for them. They continued on spinning, confused as fuck.[Chimie]: r u[Kookie]: tAEHYUNG It was after Jimin had left for detention. Taehyung was alone, Jungkook had left him early to go to the (god damn) dentist, and he stayed behind to study. The school wasn’t that empty, a lot of students stayed, and it usually didn’t bother him but now he was simply just pissed off. Nothing had gone right. First Hoseok, then his father at home, and now being alone. Taehyung didn’t like being alone. He loved having people around him, always keeping him company. Now he was left to his own thoughts and that was as unpleasant as can be.His alone time was interrupted by a tap on his shoulder, and when he looked up from his books he saw that it was Hoseok standing behind him, looking rather down. Taehyung didn’t know what he wanted to do, yell or cry. Instead of doing any of that, he offered the senior a short nod before continuing to read.Hoseok asked him if they could talk, to which Taehyung only responded with a shrug. Hoseok then dragged the boy out of his seat, forcing him to go out of the library to the a lot more empty hallway. Taehyung was pushed against the wall, with Hoseok’s hands placed by the sides of his head, locking him in. He decided to never tell anyone about how hot his senior looked in that moment (he broke his own promise that same day, retelling the tale to his friends).”Why aren’t you talking to me anymore?” Taehyung shrugged, avoiding the piercing eyes of his senior. He wouldn’t allow that, of course. ”Jesus christ, Taehyung, look at me when I’m talking to you.”Taehyung, obedient and turned on as he was, couldn’t do anything but obey. He managed to stutter out an excuse, cursing himself for sounding so uncertain. Of course, he was uncertain, but he didn’t really want Hoseok to know that. ”I just, I saw you kissing that guy at practice and I thought, well, I don’t know.”The smirk that then played on Hoseok certainly didn’t help the situation, turning Taehyung on even more. God damn was he sexually frustrated if a smirk could do that to him. ”Taehyung, don’t tell me you’re jealous.””I’m not.” Hoseok was leaning in, and Taehyung was pretty much ready to face his fait. Then, as unexpected as pretty much anything that had happened that day, he backed away. The smile was however still present, and Taehyung wanted to pretty much strangle the guy.”Oh, because if I were to see you kiss some stranger I would be pretty jealous.”The younger raised an eyebrow, scratching his neck to distract himself from the boy in front of him, that even though the distance between them was ever present, almost dragged him into his arms again by just a simple stare. ”What does that even mean?” Hoseok grunted, letting his head fall back. ”Hoseok, what do you want from me here?”The senior let out a small laugh, throwing out his arms in desperation. ”What do you think, Taetae?” Taehyung did nothing but shrug, all the while keeping the eye contact that was so suffocating yet so incredibly endearing and impossible to break. Hoseok opened his mouth to say something, but closed it quickly. Instead he chose to take step forward and clash their lips together, without giving the younger any time to even blink. It took a few seconds before Taehyung reacted, which he did by snaking his hands around the older boy’s back, deepening the kiss. And oh boy, what a kiss. It was fast, needy, with teeth clashing and hands traveling to places they for so long wanted to be.The kiss had to be broken, though, for they were both in need of air. Hoseok giggled, his usual self showing through the darkened eyes. Taehyung buried his face in the crook of his senior’s neck, finally letting himself breathe. The knots in his stomach were growing by the second, as well as the warmth on his cheeks. The hands on his lower back squeezed lightly, which caused him to flinch. ”Hyung-”Hoseok shook his head, giving the junior one last kiss before once again dragging him to a place where only he knew. ”I know where we can go.” Taehyung let himself be dragged away without a single complaint, this was after all what he had wanted the last few weeks. Soon they found themselves in an empty janitor’s office, not letting a single moment pass without them pressed together. Yoongi scoffed after have read the long story (told in several texts, because Taehyung apparently preferred a lot of short texts instead of a few long ones, sigh) while all Jimin had done was scream. Screaming at his phone for letting him read that, screaming at Taehyung for writing that, and screaming at the walls for simply being there. He was especially shocked at the juicy details he were told, that Yoongi had simply chosen not to read out of respect for himself.”I can’t believe he blew a guy.” Jimin, with his hands tugging at his hair and teeth chewing on his lower lip, couldn’t look more distressed. ”Had his first kiss and first blow job in one day, I can’t believe this.”Yoongi completely ignored the comment about Taehyung’s first kiss, knowing it probably wasn’t something to joke about (even though he so wanted to tease Taehyung about having his first kiss now, at 17). ”Why are you so upset about this?”Jimin sighed, leaning back into the couch and finally let his hands fall. ”I don’t know. It was so unexpected and while I’m glad he’s with his crush now, I just, well, can’t really be happy for him I think.” As the senior asked why, because that’s a genuinely good question as to why Jimin who before worshipped the ground Taehyung walked on, suddenly couldn’t support his choices to blow someone. ”Well, I don’t know. Maybe I’m jealous? Bitter? I know he wanted that, but- shit I don’t know.”Jealous? Yoongi’s mind travelled back to the before mentioned crush and his stomach flipped. Talk about jealous, jesus christ. ”Why? You have someone you want to use as a personal lollipop?”Jimin scrunched his nose and laughed, the sight adorable to Yoongi. ”Oh my god. You’re disgusting.” He stopped briefly and then shook his head. ”And to answer your question, no. I don’t think so. Maybe? It’s confusing.”Oh. God damn it. Yoongi ignored the sinking feeling in his stomach and waved the statement away with his hand. ”Well, who are we talking about here?” Not Jiyong, not Jiyong, not Jiyong, not Jiyong.Jimin snorted a laugh, holding his hand over his mouth to hide it. ”You think I would tell you?”Yoongi didn’t even bother to act hurt and instead just faked a gasp. ”Well, damn, you’re right. It’s not like friends can actually share stuff.””So we’re friends?”Yoongi shook his head. ”I didn’t say that.”Jimin smirked, looking incredibly proud of finally getting his senior to admit their friendship. ”Yes you did.” Yoongi denied ever having said such a thing, and for a few minutes they sat like that. Beside each other, with their legs pulled up to cross, arguing whether or not Yoongi finally accepted the two as friends- completely ignoring that he had obviously done so for a while.The senior sighed. ”You suck.””No, that’s Taehyung’s job.”Yoongi choked on his own spit, completely thrown off guard by the sudden comment. ”You’re disgusting.” Jimin shrugged. ”Well, I guess I can’t really say anything, I’m not much better.” The gray haired boy quirked an eyebrow, to which Yoongi only responded with a chuckle. ”Let’s just say blowing a dude isn’t the worst thing I’ve done.””Honestly, hyung, the last thing I wanna know about is your sex life.” Yoongi scooted closer to his younger, almost teasingly leaning closer, asking if he was really telling the truth. ”Yea, completely. Can’t be more truthful than this. Also, please get away.” And thus started the pushing and playing around, followed by the pillow fight that started by a mere accident as Yoongi used the pillow behind him as a defense when Jimin attacked him with another one.It was messy and they both fell to the floor at one point, never stopping the playful slashing. Yoongi loved it. He felt at ease and happy and like someone completely else than the person he used to be. He loved being around Jimin, it caused him to forget about the Min Yoongi from before, turning him into the likable and not as dicky Min Yoongi. Jesus.The laughter, however, faded out as soon as the two boys looked up and noticed how close they were. Jimin had straddled Yoongi with his legs, just a few inches away from actually sitting in his lap. Yoongi would’ve moved, would’ve laughed and told his friend to get off, but instead he sat completely still, his eyes fixated on the ones opposite him. God damn. He was in trouble. The person with their legs wrapped around his hips was a complete god and he was lucky to merely be in their presence. He was grateful, god damn was he grateful.And he didn’t think. The look in Jimin’s eyes was too much for him to just ignore, as well as the knotting in his stomach and spinning in his head. He had to. He needed to. He just had to. Who cares about consequences? Not Yoongi. When has he ever given a shit about that? Never, probably.So he continued the don’t-give-a-fuck pattern that he had been going for his basically entire life and leaned forward, pressing his lips against the younger boy’s soft ones. It was after about .2 seconds afterwards that he actually realized what he was doing. Jimin was unresponsive, sitting completely still without moving a single inch of his body, obviously hating every passing second of it. Yoongi regretted it all, and he wanted the floor to swallow him whole, erasing his entire existence. Because what was he actually doing? Fucking up everything, that’s what.When their lips separated from the extremely anticlimactic kiss, the gray haired boy sprung up from the floor. He barely had the time to say goodbye before almost sprinting to the door, fleeing the scene. And the world crashed down on the boy left as the door slammed, signaling that Jimin was gone. Probably forever, too. He had fucked everything up. Fucking god damn shit head. Couldn’t he just think? It had been a heat of the moment action, not seeming so horrible as the decision was made, only to later be the most stupid thing he’s ever done.Yoongi cursed at himself for a few minutes, but then decided that sitting around would only lead to even more spite, and the self resentment wouldn’t bring the lost boy back. He ignored the extreme feeling of hurt that made his entire body ache and instead fixed the couch so it wouldn’t look like the mess it was. He didn’t need more fucked up things now, he had enough to last a century. He gave up on the couch, though, and started throwing the pillows around him. He was angry. God damn was he angry. Angry at himself for doing such a stupid thing without thinking of the consequences and angry at Jimin for disappearing like that- although the reaction was sort of logical seeing how it was a pretty fucked up thing of Yoongi to force himself on Jimin like that.And then he could hear faint noises from the front door, at first sounding like knocking, but then just the door opening and closing. Yoongi didn’t even have the time to shout out a shaky hello before Jimin appeared in the living room. His hair was a mess and eyes dark and wild, sparking the dying feeling in Yoongi’s chest back to life. And then the boy nearly sprinted forward, pushing Yoongi against the wall behind him.”God damn it, hyung.”And then their lips connected, and Yoongi could’ve just died on the spot.



Chapter End Notes
aaaaAAAAAthis was such a pain to write ?? jesus christi feel like im kinda losing the connection i have w the fic im feeling kinda out of it so thats why the gaps are growing between the chapters and im sorry about that i suck ehehalso i have written a first chapter for a chat fic but its probs p boring so ill release it one day when i feel confident about it but like hm (its probs gonna be out within the month bc drafts get deleted after 1 month n im 2 lazy to redo the process of creating another fic lol)anyway its nearly midnight here so im gonna sleep, im rly tired and ill probably go back to fix the mistakes ive done in this chapter but i hope u liked this??? things are fInaLLy happening and the fic is basically nearing its endbut like i hope u liked ill c u in the next chapter hope ur happy n remember to eat ur veggies ok children stay healthy take care of urself


pythagorass
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





The kiss didn’t last nearly as long as the boys would’ve wanted, for Yoongi felt- as a responsible hyung- that they had to break away. The look in Jimin’s eyes as their lips parted was as Yoongi had always dreamt of, dark and wild. He wanted to just take a photo of it to save it, however that wasn’t the time. Should they talk about what had happened? Just let it roll? He certainly didn’t want to lie up late at night and wonder what this meant, and Jimin seemed to agree, even though ending the kiss was hurtful for both of them.
Jimin scratched his neck, deep in thought and completely silent until he finally opened his mouth to say something. ”I’m-””I like you.” Yoongi barely realized he had blurted out the words until they were out, and too late to take back. It wasn’t a big deal, though. Right? The look on Jimin’s face was, however, telling another story. ”And I’m guessing you wouldn’t have turned back if you hated me so maybe we should talk about this?”The younger boy shrugged. ”I like you too.” Yoongi dared a weak smile, but when Jimin didn’t return it, it slowly faded away. ”I just, I’m confused. I like you, I do. But I’m, well, I don’t really know what I want from that.”Yoongi broke. What he wanted? He wanted Jimin, and although they liked each other, Jimin probably didn’t want Yoongi back. ”Oh.” And they slowly began distancing themselves, both painfully aware. ”Well, you don’t have to do anything. We can just be fr-”Jimin’s lips abruptly stopped him in the middle of his sentence, taking Yoongi back for a second before getting back to his senses and return the kiss. It was deep, without hesitation, and genuinely the best thing Yoongi’s ever experienced. Their hands stopped at nothing, all the time roaming without shame without leaving a single inch untouched. None of them wanted to ever stop, so they just didn’t. Yoongi backed away for a second and grabbed the younger’s hand, leading him into his room, all the time thanking the gods for his parent’s absence. As he closed the door behind them he threw several glances at the boy standing anxiously beside him, searching for any sign of distress, any sign of him not wanting to be there.”Do you want to do this?”The boy looked up, locking eyes with the older before nodding and once again attaching their lips. And it went so fast. One second they were standing at the door, and the other Jimin was on top of Yoongi, bending down to not disturb the kiss while his hands trailed down to unbutton the senior’s pants, with both of them somehow shirtless, completely unsure of when that happened. Their kisses, although fast and desperate like all other times Yoongi’s done this, felt much more… well, more. They were now more meaningful when he actually cared about the other person he was intimate with, which now also made him a lot more uncertain and careful. While he wanted Jimin more than he’s ever wanted anyone else, he also didn’t want to move too fast. But oh god, he wanted Jimin. He wanted Jimin like how a suffocating person wants air and a thirsting person wants water. It wasn’t even a question of want anymore, he needed Jimin.And he could have him. Right there and then. Jimin wouldn’t decline- no in fact it would probably be happy and responsive- but this wasn’t how Yoongi wanted to go about doing it. He didn’t want to do it all now, he didn’t want to solve the mystery that was Jimin, he didn’t want to open that door, that door that eventually could come to wreck him. And it would wreck him. God, would it wreck him. No, no, wrong. Wrong. It’s all wrong.”Jimin, we can’t.”The boy on top of him stopped, although Yoongi’s pants were already thrown of the floor, revealing his erection. Jimin’s eyes trailed up to Yoongi’s, only after having stared at the strange stick pointing upwards below him. He look in his eyes, Yoongi noted, was a mixture between confused, scared, and extremely turned on. Wrong. That’s not how he wants it. This isn’t the right time. Shit.”Why?” Jimin merely whispered and he almost curled into himself, suddenly nervous and broken down. Yoongi presumably not wanting this as much as Jimin did was enough to tore him inside out. ”Did I do something wrong? Did I move too fast? You don’t want this, do you?”Yoongi felt like crying, simply because of the expression painted on his younger friend’s face. He had caused that frown. He was the reason for those sad eyes. Jesus christ, why couldn’t it all just be simpler? ”Jimin, you did nothing wrong. I just, I think this is the wrong time. I want this, believe me, I have been wanting this for a painfully long time, but I don’t want to pressure you into anything or anything like that. Maybe we should wait, you know?” Jimin obviously didn’t know. Yoongi didn’t blame him. ”Look, this is all really new. We just now learned about our feelings toward each other, right? I think we should let it cool down before we do anything we could come to regret.””Regret?” Jimin’s voice was choking up, and Yoongi knew he had fucked up. What he had thought was the right decision, the right thing, just broke his friend’s- and crush’s, heart. God damn it.”You know what I mean.” Or maybe he doesn’t. ”It’s still fresh. I want this to work, Jimin. You know I do. And even if you don’t, I really want this to work. You’re the first person I’ve actually wanted to date and hug and get to know. I don’t want to fuck this up because I’m horny and you’re horny and because we’re stupid teenagers with crazy hormones and little to no restrictions, okay?”Jimin nodded, letting the words sink in, finding himself agreeing to his senior’s concepts. He also wanted this to work. Whatever it was, he wanted it to work. ”Yea, okay.” Then they sat quiet for a while, unsure of what to do. Continue kissing? Part ways? Make tea and talk about their feelings? Continue kissing?Continue kissing sounded like much more fun, and so the two boys did just that. Yoongi’s boxers stayed on, and so did Jimin’s pants, but never had they ever experienced such need for intimacy, for closeness- however they knew it was wrong and never did anything about their cravings. Jimin’s hands were lightly placed on Yoongi’s bare chest, and Yoongi’s were wrapped around the younger boy’s waist, pulling him closer than was probably possible. The senior flipped them so he was on top, looming over the boy under him almost menacing, but of course with only affection and a vague sense of lust in his eyes that was able to calm Jimin’s wild nerves down.When kissing had tired them both out, and time had passed at an alarming rate, Jimin found that he should probably make his way home. ”Not that my parents will get worried, or anything like it.” He managed a laugh as he scratched his neck, avoiding his senior’s eyes. ”But-uuh, yeah, I should get going.” As he sat up in bed, Yoongi’s hand found his, begging him not to leave. Jimin only glanced back, completely taking in the sight of his senior, desperately clutching for his hand in an attempt to make him lie back down beside him. ”I wish I could stay.””Then stay.” Yoongi’s free hand instead chose to carefully caress Jimin’s chest, with feathery fingers tracing the lines of where his abs used to be before they fully disappeared, almost as if pressing too hard would cause Jimin to shatter. ”You don’t have to go.” Jimin leaned down, placing a quick kiss on his senior’s lips, as if he wouldn’t ever tire of it. Yoongi let out a small whine, following as Jimin backed away, stealing another kiss. He put one hand over Jimin’s neck, pressing the younger closer, and one hand on his lower back- also pressing closer. And for a while, Jimin just laughed and stayed, perfectly happy with his senior and completely forgetting about the few actual responsibilities he had waiting at home. He hadn’t known he wanted this until just a few hours ago, but now that he had it he couldn’t ever dream about letting go. He wanted Yoongi. God, he wanted Yoongi.As Jimin kissed his way down to Yoongi’s collarbones, eventually leaving several hickeys the senior would find it hard to explain afterwards, he heard small, breathy whispers, making him twitch. Oh god. And as Jimin then carefully let his hand trail from Yoongi’s chest to somewhere, well, below his chest, the small whispers transformed into small moans, and then into regular, ordinary moans. And Jimin was sold. Smitten, bewitched, whipped. He was every colorful and imaginative way you could explain his state of mind. He even momentarily forgot about where his hand was, and as he was plunged back into reality by hearing a moan sounding relatively like his name he remembered what he was doing- and why he should stop.
”Yoongi, I’m-” He was interrupted by Yoongi’s lips, which in any other circumstance would’ve annoyed him (”that’s a pretty rude way to kiss someone, what if I was going to say something important?”) but now only made his stomach flutter. When they pulled away to breathe and to kiss another part of their partner’s body, Jimin tried speaking again. ”Yoongi, I really gotta get going.”
The senior sighed, realizing that having Jimin half naked in his bed by the time his parents get home wasn’t an especially good idea, and let his grip of the young boy go. Jimin started searching for his clothes, tossing Yoongi’s out of the way. ”God damn, where is my shirt?” Yoongi only shrugged and continued to look at him, his eyes still dark. ”Did you throw it out of the window, or what? Shit, Yoongi.”Said boy sighed and also got up to start looking under the bed, eventually pulling out a dark blue jacket with the school emblem on the chest. ”Here’s that.” Jimin nodded as a thanks and continued to look for the lost shirt. ”You could probably just loan mine, no one will notice.””Won’t you need it tomorrow?”Yoongi looked at him for a second with furrowed brows, before eventually speaking up with a sigh. ”You own more than one pair of uniform.” Although it was a statement it sounded a lot more like a question, as if he was unsure if Jimin was serious.Jimin laughed, playfully hitting his senior on the arm. ”Yea, yea, of course.” The boy got dressed, in the end getting help by Yoongi with his tie. ”Y’know, I’ve never really liked our school uniform.””No shit, you could play chess on the pants. It’s pretty ugly.”They laughed, exited Yoongi’s bedroom and shared one last kiss before Jimin closed the door behind him and started making his way home. He didn’t have his headphones with him, and so he walked in silence. It was peaceful in the beginning, hearing the sounds of traffic that he had grown to love, the old ladies bickering in the street and merchants trying to compete with rivals on the other side of the street. He could fully take in the smells of fish, the ocean, and the fumes of cars whizzing by. He thought about Yoongi, about Taehyung, about a life beyond the city he had never left. At one point he thought about leaving this known city with Yoongi, but immediately shook the foolish thought out of his head before it could actually make any damage.Nearing the end, however, he realized that silence wasn’t always that great. It could be comforting, it could even be needed at times, but now it made his head run wild. He thought about what had happened with Yoongi, what it meant. Was he in love now? What did he mean to Yoongi, what did Yoongi mean to him? Were they going to continue, and it so would they become boyfriends or would they be kind of friends with benefits? Jimin wasn’t sure if he could handle friends with benefits, seeing how he could barely handle friends. He felt out of control, confused. The once benign thoughts had turned on him, now scaring him. He couldn’t just walk in silence. He needed distractions. Without the music he was so used to having around him constantly he didn’t have any sound left to hide behind. Shit.”Jimin!”Taehyung’s voice served as light in the darkness, and Jimin dared to breathe again. He looked back, seeing his two younger friends running toward him. ”What are you doing here, why aren’t you home?”Jungkook wrapped his older friend into a hug before answering his question. ”We stayed behind. You know how teacher’s tell us to stay, study for finals and shit? And how people actually do that, like, a lot of people?””It’s crazy.” Taehyung nodded, his voice almost like a whisper.”Yea, completely mad. And then they go home and study? They’re insane.””Insane.” Taehyung’s voice acted as an echo, forcing Jimin’s face to go from frowning to smiling in less than a few seconds.Jungkook rolled his eyes, pushing his friend lightly before continuing his story. ”They sleep for like three hours. Three. I sleep twelve hours per night and yet here I am, depressed, tired, ready to die.””Ready to die.” Jungkook shot Taehyung a stare, which caused him to shut up for two seconds, before continuing the echo.Jimin laughed, already forgetting the thoughts he just a few minutes before had fought to beat down. ”Three hours? How is that even possible?”All of the friends completely ignored the hypocritical statement, never mentioning Jimin’s own sleep and instead chose to laugh as if it wasn’t serious, like there wasn’t an underlying issue there that just waited to erupt. ”Just wait until you hear about this one girl, she’s insane. The studying is seriously driving her mad.” Jungkook hummed in agreement, sharing a knowing look with his older friend. ”She was studying in peace and quiet, like the rest of us.” He coughed a laughter, which Jimin understood meant that they were certainly not studying quietly, and continued. ”And then suddenly she just started crying. It started as a sob, right, and then she was full on blaring. It was actually terrifying.”They rounded a corner as Jungkook sighed, continuing the story. ”Screaming swears, too. I think at one point she was screaming about shoving something up Pythagoras’ ass.”Taehyung of course couldn’t help himself but whisper a low ”Pythagorass.”Jimin furrowed his brows and scratched his neck as he thought. ”But isn’t the Pythagorean theorem something we learned a couple of years ago? Why is she fretting about it now?”
”That’s right coming from you, person who still can’t figure out the area of a circle.” Taehyung playfully shoved an elbow into Jimin’s side, and the older had to physically stop himself from mentioning Yoongi.
Jungkook ignored the previous comment and just shrugged. ”Maybe she’s younger than us, maybe she just doesn’t understand math. But boy, it was pretty upsetting seeing her being like dragged out by a teacher.”Jimin commented on the brutality of it all, while Taehyung just laughed it away claiming how it was necessary. ”She was holding on to a chair, probably would’ve swung it if it weren’t for the fact that it was a teacher.”They continued the discussion until they said goodbye, and Jimin once again had to face his family. Or, well, not face them. He had no idea how much time had passed since they had started to ignore him, but he figured it must’ve been quite the time since he was so used to it. Three weeks, maybe? Something like that. Under that time his sleeping was becoming better, which disappointed him, and his eating worse, which made him happy. It was horrible, and he knew it, but he felt proud.He decided, however, that this night was going to be different. He was going to stay awake and write, all night. He wasn’t going to crash and burn yet, no, he wasn’t ever going to do that. He wasn’t tired. He was okay. He was better than okay, in fact, he was perfectly fine. Happy even.As darkness fell he got a single text from Yoongi. He swallowed hard having read it, the disappointment weighing down his chest.[Mistake ??]: SleepGod damn it.[Jimin]: i am[Mistake ??]: Don’t lie, Jimin[Jimin]: im not[Mistake ??]: I’m serious. It’s already late, go to sleep[Jimin]: well u woke me upThen Yoongi called, scaring Jimin into answering immediately. ”I’m serious, Jimin.” Said boy felt himself melting under the words. Yoongi’s voice, which usually was pretty rough, was surprisingly smooth and firm. ”I won’t hang up until I understand that you’re sleeping. And you won’t hang up because then I’ll just call you again and you can’t say no to my undeniable charm.””I can just pretend to sleep.”
”You won’t.”
Jimin decided that Yoongi had probably the hottest voice he’s ever heard, and it demanding him to do things, well, he would’ve been stupid to hang up now. ”Okay, hyung.” Yoongi laughed, sending shivers down Jimin’s spine. ”What?”
”You’re adorable. I’m sorry but you’re just too much to handle.”
”I have no idea what you’re talking about. I’m a manly man, I eat five dozen eggs, I’m the size of a barge, I’m a man among men and my neck is the thickest in town.”Yoongi was quiet for a second, making Jimin wonder if he went too far, before he sighed. ”Did you just quote Beauty and the Beast?” Jimin only laughed, his answer as clear as day. ”I can’t believe. I’m blocking your number.””You wouldn’t be able to live on without me.”
”Since I’m not even a fan of Beauty and the Beast, yes, yes I will survive without your trashy ass.”
Jimin let out a loud gasp, rolling around on his back while pressing his phone against his ear even tighter. ”I will literally force you to watch it with me. Do you hate any more classical Disney movies?”Yoongi thought for a second and Jimin could imagine how he was scratching his invisible beard, even thought he had never actually done so in real life. ”Well, Brave is literal trash and Pocahontas can go suck a dick.””Blocked. Go jump in front of a train or something, I can’t believe.”The senior sighed. ”I can’t actually believe I have a crush on a guy who likes Pocahontas.”Jimin gasped yet again, bringing his hand up to his chest in a dramatic gesture, incredibly pointless since the boy on the other side of the phone wasn’t even able to see it. ”It’s a masterpiece with established characters and fleshed out conflicts.”
”Have you even fucking watched it?”
”Well, have you?”Then they made plans to meet up and watch all movies they disagreed on. Jimin had already made a list, consisting of Lord of the Rings (”It’s a classic!” ”Hyung, no offense, but like go and drown.”), Harry Potter (”Are you serious, it’s a fucking boy with a scar as a lightning bolt?” ”Hyung, no offense, but can you just please go drown?”) and lastly, all the Disney movies that was a make or break for the future friendship/relationship/whatever it was.It was when Yoongi could hear the faint, deep breathing from the other line that he could close his eyes. He wanted Jimin to be happy, to sleep and eat and be healthy, and he wanted to be able to be there for him when that wasn’t easy. Yoongi didn’t know what this thing was going to turn out to be, he didn’t know if it was going to last and even if it was going to become something more, but he couldn’t care less as long as Jimin was okay.He really couldn’t give less fucks as long as Jimin stayed alive.



Chapter End Notes
helloim backim sorry its been such a long while i just couldnt get myself to write and it seemed like such a chore and my grandfather passed away like yesterday so ive been pretty sad about that but its done its really short but i just wanted it published im sorryi hope u enjoyed this brief chapter, hopefully an update isnt too far into the futurei also hope ur alright as usual and remember to eat and sleep, take care of urself i love you all


long way to go
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





When Jimin walked into the classroom the next morning he felt as if nothing was impossible, as if he was invincible and untouchable without any doubt of a better tomorrow. He had Yoongi, after all. And Yoongi had him. They could trust each other, they could lean on each other in times of hardship, so why would he be worried? He had everything he could ever need. He felt like he was walking on a path to finally being okay, to living a healthy life. Maybe he would try to fix his relationship with his mom after school. Sit down, talk about what’s happened. He knew with his entire being that everything was going to start make sense.

He thought that, he believed in that with every small cell in his body, right up until the moment he saw Taehyung. Jimin knew his friend was unpredictable, and that walking on egg shells was usually a necessity around him, but this was a complete turn of events. Taehyung had turned from his usual self from yesterday to his other usual self from that day. Happy, energetic Tae had turned into judgmental, distant Taehyung. Jimin was already longing to get home.
”Good morning!”
Jungkook smiled at him, returning the greeting, while Taehyung simply shot him a short stare before continuing his conversation with his younger friend. Jimin sighed and slid down in his chair, removing his jacket and hanging it over the back along with his backpack, preparing himself for a long day.
”I’m getting real tired of school.” Jimin let out a small sigh, turning around in his seat to Jungkook, who was in the middle of drawing something on Taehyung’s arm. He nodded absently, focused on the smileys and flowers on his friend. ”Can’t the summer just hurry up, y’know?”
The brown haired boy seemed to come alive again, looking up at his older friend as if hearing wonderful news. ”We have to do stuff this summer. Not just stay inside and watch dumb k-dramas.” He ignored the glares Taehyung shot at him, answering them with a short, overdramatic sigh. ”I know what your favorite drama is, Tae, you can’t hide now.”
The teacher walked into the room, carrying several heavy books that Jimin knew would have to take a toll on her back. Their conversation continued, albeit more quietly to not get yelled at. ”What do you suggest? About this summer, I mean.” Jungkook shrugged.
”Let’s be honest here, whatever it is, it won’t happen. It never does.”
Jimin managed a laugh, the cold tone in Taehyung’s voice giving him flashbacks to, well, just a few weeks ago. Taehyung’s behavior wasn’t new, and Jimin was growing tired of it. ”Always such a joy to be around, Tae.” The only response he got was a glare that, if looks could kill, would cause Jimin to drop dead immediately. Jungkook elbowed the blond boy, actively ignoring the chilly stares that were bouncing onto Jimin.
”Lighten up, Tae. Just because you’re forced into being with Hoseok every day doesn’t mean we have to suffer too.” This made Taehyung laugh and playfully shove his elbow into Jungkook’s side, saying some nonsense about Hoseok being way more fun than they were. Jimin didn’t bother to listen, he took the hint and slowly backed out of the conversation. He wasn’t welcome. Not now. Not with them. Not with Taehyung.
Class was a pain, because Taehyung was in a good mood while Jimin was not. It definitely didn’t help that Taehyung had never been so obvious in his hatred for Jimin, with all the times he talked and acted as if he had no idea who he was. Jungkook knew about what was happening, of course. He always had, he wasn’t blind- but he knew as well as Jimin what the best cure for Taehyung’s bad mood was. It was simply to act as if Jimin wasn’t there, as if the gray haired boy sitting in front of them was a complete stranger. Jungkook didn’t like it, or at least that’s what Jimin assumed. If the tables were turned and Jungkook were forced to be on the receiving end of the neglect he would’ve been extremely uncomfortable having to carry that guilt. He dearly hoped Jungkook didn’t like it, that the sudden disappearance of Jimin didn’t make his friend happy and relieved. But he had no idea, really. If Taehyung could hate him so intensely, what stopped Jungkook from doing the same?
The day continued like that, with Jimin walking behind them in silence when they walked in front of him, never stopping their conversations about k-dramas, Hoseok, and all other subject two teenage boys could find joy in discussing. Jimin stopped listening by second class, praying to all gods that the treatment would only last for the day, that Taehyung would go back to being Tae and Jungkook to being Kookie.
It was at lunch when Jimin was growing tired of it all. He was tired of being treated like some kind of doormat, that he would be the one pushed out and neglected all the damn time. If it wasn’t at home, it would certainly be at school. Sure, Taehyung didn’t live such an amazing life either, but none of the boys were especially happy but it was just Taehyung that was like that. Jimin wouldn’t call himself happy all the time, that didn’t turn him into a walking dick with a stick up his ass. Taehyung always got away with it, no one ever questioned him about his behavior. When Taehyung decided to not be angry anymore, then he stopped. No one could talk him out of the sudden anger, and if you tried he would take even longer to get over it.
So Jimin gathered up courage all lunch, and then he grabbed Taehyung’s arm when walking out of the cafeteria. He carefully gestured for his friend that they needed to talk, and despite Taehyung’s obvious annoyance at this, they moved to the side, to a little more empty corridor.
”Why are you angry with me, Taehyung? What have I done now?” Taehyung only rolled his eyes at Jimin’s pleading tone. It wasn’t even meant to be like that. Jimin wasn’t desperate for Taehyung’s forgiveness, he was angry. Or, well, not angry. But pissed off and tired, definitely. ”I’m serious. Tell me why you’re angry so we can work this out and go back to usual.”
Taehyung opened his mouth to speak, but closed it immediately. He looked scary. That’s all Jimin could think about. He was used to being hated on by Taehyung, he was used to being glared at, he was used to the scolding tone and the judgmental looks, but the look playing on his friend’s face was so scary. Frightening, in fact. Taehyung’s eyes were just squinting slightly, his brows furrowed. He bit his lower lip, which Jimin assumed was to stop himself from saying something, and his arms were crossed over his chest in a stance that took up half of the hallway.
”Taeh-”
”Are you fucking serious?” Taehyung’s voice was strained, cold, soaked in anger. It was just as everything Jimin had hoped it wouldn’t be, but knew it would become. Jimin was about to say something, when he was interrupted by his friend’s voice coming out even stronger and louder than before. ”Who do you fucking think you are, Jimin? Who do you think I am? Do you think I’m fucking stupid?”
”What do you me-”
Taehyung interrupted him before he could get the whole sentence out, his voice loud and clear, making Jimin shrink. ”I’ll tell you what I fucking mean! So you sneak around with Min fucking Yoongi without telling us a single bit of it, thinking that we won’t notice?”
”It’s not like I was sneaking.”
The younger boy didn’t take Jimin’s defense, shut it down without a single second of hesitation. ”Shut up, Jimin. I’m not fucking done. So not just that, but he beats up a guy - Jiyong. Jiyong is a nice fucking dude, but instead of telling this fucking Yoongi to piss off you run away to him? That asshole broke Jiyong’s fucking nose without any reason to yet you still wanna kiss his ass and suck his dick?”
”You don’t even know the story behind it, Tae.” Jimin knew this wasn’t enough. He knew he could say anything without it having any kind of effect on his friend. He knew it was useless, but he couldn’t let Taehyung drag Yoongi down to the dirt like that.
”Don’t fucking call me Tae. I’m so sick and tired of this, Jimin. I’m tired of you being mentally fucking ill and pretending like you’re fine, I’m sick of you acting like not sleeping is okay and I’m so fucking tired of you running around thinking that we don’t notice because we’re not fucking stupid, okay? We’ve known for like, two years, about your stupid fucking habits and we’re both sick of you thinking we’re too dumb to notice.”
Jimin felt like throwing up. Nothing felt real. He had no idea his friends knew, but then again - why wouldn’t they? It’s not like he tried his best to hide it, and while he wasn’t really obvious about it, he knew it probably didn’t take a genius to understand what was happening with his. But how long have they felt like that, that Jimin was nothing but an emotional burden for them? Jimin felt dizzy, he had to grab the nearest wall as support not to fall to the floor. ”I don’t think you’re stupid.”
”Then why won’t you talk to us about your shit and instead just shut us out? Why do you turn to a fucking thug like Yoongi instead of actually be with the ones you call friends?” He spit out every word with an alarming amount of despise. All that hate was aimed at Jimin. All that hate, and Jimin was the cause for it.
”Yoongi isn’t a thug.”
”Don’t fucking protect him, Jimin!” Said boy flinched at the loud voice that shrilled in his ears. ”I don’t give a damn if what you have is genuine or not, I don’t give a single god damn fuck if you’re just fuck buddies or if you’re planning on getting married, but I can’t stand you anymore.” His voice, who had been growing with every word, suddenly went silent. Taehyung sighed, looking down at the ground to break away from the argument before once again opening his mouth, a lot more calm. ”I’m so sick of this. I’m so sick of acting like we’re okay and I’m so tired of being so tired, so ex-fucking-cuse me for being fed up and angry once in a while. I think I have the right by now, seeing how your emotions are fucking rollercoasters. One second you’re all happy and shit but the next you’re depressed and quiet and it’s so fucking annoying.”
”I’m sorry, Taehyung.” Both of the boys hated the distinct pleading tone in Jimin’s voice. Jimin because he had disappointed his pride, Taehyung because he had heard it before without any real genuine forgiveness to them. They both knew how much the words actually meant, and it wasn’t enough.
Taehyung pinched the bridge of his nose, thinking for a second, sparking some kind of hope in Jimin’s chest - a hope that was crushed as soon as his friend started speaking again. ”No, you’re not. You’re fucking not and that’s the problem. You never seem to understand when you’re at fault, because you always blame everyone else. Me, Jungkook, your mom. Honestly, you’re lucky you fucking have your mom. You’re lucky you have someone you can turn to when you have a bad day, someone you can talk to other than your ’friends’.” Taehyung put air quotations on the word friends, making Jimin’s stomach drop, making him feel more guilty than he’s felt in years.

It felt like a stab to the stomach. Taehyung didn’t know about his mother. He had no idea. Jimin couldn’t tell him. Not now. Not ever. Everything was ruined.

Taehyung was about to turn around, before realizing something else he had to say, making Jimin’s suffering prolonged. ”Also, make your god damn mind up, because for one second you never wanna talk about your problems and the next it seems like you want us to crawl around asking for you to just talk to us. It gets stale real fast, Jimin. Grow up.”
And with that, he left. The person Jimin could’ve trusted with his life had screamed at him, for the entire school to hear, and then left him. Jimin felt like throwing up. He felt as if his entire body had been turned inside out, spilling all his intestines and organs to the floor and then hung to the ceiling. He wasn’t angry anymore. He wasn’t tired or pissed off or sad. He was just there. The people who had heard the argument whispered quietly to their friends, pointing with discreet fingers at him. He felt completely left out, exposed and observed. Taehyung had told the whole school about their problems. Now the whole school would know about Jimin’s sleep, about his fucked up relationship with his friends, and he would be alone. Yoongi would surely leave him, why wouldn’t he? Now all Jimin’s secrets were out. Taehyung had been the one to let them go. Taehyung had been the one to break him. Taehyung - the first friend Jimin got - was the one to finally crush him.
It wasn’t Jimin’s lack of sleep that would make him crash, it was his friends.
He turned around, coming face to face with Jungkook and Hoseok, and a heap of strangers he knew had heard everything. Jungkook’s face was twisted into a heartbroken frown, and Hoseok just looked concerned with his brows furrowed and his teeth tugging at his bottom lip.
”Jimin I’m-”
Said boy ignored his friend and pushed his way through the scattering crowd, shutting out every small whisper and yelps that were thrown his way. His entire body ached with shame, making his toes curl and hands clench into fists. He wanted to cry. He wanted to feel something except for the burning guilt, but no tears escaped his eyes. He couldn’t bring himself to even think about the heavy sadness of it all. All he could think about, all he forced himself to remember, was that this was his fault.
Shit. No. Was he acting the victim now? Was this the problem Taehyung had talked about? Was he dressing himself up in the victim cloak now? But it was his fault. Shit. God damn. Shit shit shit shit.
And he fled. Out of the school. Away from the echoing laughter, away from the disgusted looks. He was the fault. Taehyung wasn’t. Jungkook wasn’t. He was. He had fucked up. He hadn’t fixed anything by being quiet about his well being, he had just dug a hole that he could later bury himself in. Shit.
Finally he felt himself breaking down as he ran. His legs didn’t want to carry him anymore, his body wanted to fall. His stomach turned inside out, and the feeling of throwing up caught up with him. His lunch travelled up his throat, forcing its way out. He let it all go in the middle of a busy street, enforcing his feelings of shame and anxiety. When he straightened out his back, trying to look as normal as possible, he felt tears finally streaming down his cheeks. And they never stopped. He never seemed to calm down. His loud, hitched sobs drowned out all the sounds of cars whizzing by, of the strangers on their phones and of the tourists speaking in some unknown language he couldn’t understand, and it made his entire body shake - or was it his shaking body that caused the hitching?
He found that breathing was an almost impossible task. He felt kind of like jelly when shaken, he just kept on and never stopped. His legs bent under him, making him fall to the cold pavement, which he barely even noticed. He instead just forced himself to make the sobbing stop. He held his breath until he couldn’t anymore, which then led to even more hitched crying when he finally could breathe again. He was so afraid. So scared of dying by crying to death or asphyxiation, choking on his own tears or falling to his death by all the tears blurring his vision. He was afraid of being alone and having no one now that both Taehyung and Jungkook were gone. Yoongi would leave him. He would have no one.
 
Yoongi couldn’t wait to get out. His day had been better than usual, the whole day the feelings of excitement made his stomach turn. He would meet Jimin. God. So soon. They were in the cafeteria, discussing the next test, but Yoongi couldn’t concentrate on anything else than Jimin’s smile, Jimin’s crescent-like eyes, Jimin’s love. Jimin would be okay. Yoongi could help fix him. Yoongi could fix Jimin. Oh god.
”So what, she’s just gonna give us test after test after test? She thinks we’re actually going to study for that?” Jin rolled his eyes and placed another spoonful of rice in his mouth, followed by some kimchi and beef. ”She thinks too much of us.”
Namjoon tapped his fingers on the table, antsy. ”I mean, do we have any other choice? It’s our grades we’re talking about here.”
Jin swallowed the food and then washed it down with soup. ”Yea, but we’re soon finished. In just a few months, we’re out. What’s the point now in studying?”
Namjoon didn’t even seem hungry, seeing how he hadn’t even touched his lunch. Yoongi didn’t mention it, but he took note of it and that reminded himself that he would have to ask his friend later about it. ”No matter how much time’s left, it’s still our grades.”
”Well, I think it’s bullshit. Let us rest, jesus christ.”
”It’s still like 4 months left.” Jin raised an eyebrow, questioning his friend’s reasoning. Namjoon sighed and brought up his fingers, raising them each time he mentioned each month to oversimplify to his doubtful friend. ”Well, yes. It’s the end of March now, and then it’s April and then May. Then June. And then July. So it’s about 4 months.”
Jin threw his head back, letting out a frustrated grunt, probably scaring the person sitting right behind him. ”I hate life, can’t we just finish school now?”
Namjoon shook his head. ”Still a long way to go, buddy.”
”Well shit.” Yoongi snickered, having listened to their conversation gave him hope. It was only four months left. And then summer. Summer with Jimin. His last summer in Busan. He couldn’t wait. He would spend it with his friends, with people he wouldn’t have made it without.
”Do you have any plans for after school?” Yoongi raised an eyebrow, asking if his friend meant after school. Namjoon snorted a laughter. ”No, like when we’re out. Do you know which university you’re gonna attend?”
Jin shrugged. ”Probably something nearby. Would be nice to go to Seoul though. Do you have any plans?”
”Yea, Seouldae.”
It shouldn’t surprise Yoongi that Namjoon was aiming to get into Korea’s most prestigious university, yet he still felt himself draw a sharp breath hearing it. Namjoon would be leaving for Seoul. If he could, then Yoongi maybe also could. When asked if he had any plans, Yoongi simply shrugged and moved around his rice with his sticks. ”I don’t know. There’s this school in Seoul that looks interesting but I don’t know.”
They all nodded and hummed in agreement, before finishing their lunch and leaving the cafeteria. They went back to their classroom in silence, continuing the conversations from before once back in their seats. Yoongi listened with only one ear, not bothering to care too much. He was thinking about his future. He had avoided to do so for as long as he could remember (despite his parent’s nagging) but now that his friends had opened up the subject he couldn’t stop himself anymore.
He had no idea what he wanted to become. An artist? Pianist? Teacher? He loved playing the piano, and writing music was his passion, but was it possible to work with? And both his parents were teachers, maybe he should just follow in their footsteps and become that too. Maybe in music. But no, he didn’t like the thought of that. He didn’t want to work. He wanted to travel and write and take pictures and live, the thought of being stuck in school for the literal rest of his life made him feel sick. But did he have any other choice? His grades weren’t exactly great, it was just recently he stopped skipping school every other day. He wasn’t going to get into a prestigious university like Namjoon, and Jin always had his acting (Yoongi had teased him multiple times over the years for all the plays he’s been in and all the ridiculous roles he’s played), but Yoongi didn’t really have anything like that. Once out of high school he had no choice. Shit. Fuck. Yoongi’s stuck.
”Yo, Yoon. You okay?”
Said boy looked up at his younger friend, smiling. ”Yea, I’m good. Just thinking ’bout the future and shit.”
Namjoon sighed and scratched the back of his head. ”Damn, yea. It’s scary as balls.” Then they fell into silence, at a loss of words to say in attempt to make the situation better. They all knew why specifically Yoongi was scared. Yoongi had always been the one giving zero fucks. Jin or Namjoon had no reason to be scared or worried, they had higher chances of actually getting into the universities they wanted to, while Yoongi wasn’t that lucky. Well, he only had himself to blame. Shit. God damn it.
”Well, we’ll see how it goes. Maybe I’ll get into like Oxford or something.” The friends laughed, since the chance of that was extremely small. Nonexistent, actually. Yoongi didn’t care for Oxford, he just wanted to get into a university where he could feel at home and flourish, not be moulded into something he’s not. And he’s not especially clever or smart, he doesn’t study and he rarely cares for reading. He isn’t really a universities biggest dream, but he doesn’t claim to be one and he certainly doesn’t aim to be one. He’s Yoongi, and his future might be fucked because of it but at least he’ll be true to himself. And that’s all that matters, right?
The following math class was as boring as usual. Now, despite what Jimin probably thought, Yoongi wasn’t that excellent in math. He found it easy and learned quickly, which made math class pretty uneventful and boring, but he wasn’t any kind of Einstein. For Jimin’s sake though, that was the image he was going to put up every detention.
The thought of detention made the senior’s stomach flutter. He threw a glance at the clock. Two more classes. Then. Oh, god. He was nervous. Why? It was just Jimin. Just Jimin. There was no ”just” with Jimin. It was Jimin. Jimin with the loud laugh and nervous giggle, Jimin with the god like thighs and small squishy stomach and oh god Yoongi was falling hard for the boy he once had disliked. Why had he disliked Jimin? How can one not love Jimin? How is that even humanly possible?
The last classes passed by quickly, he managed to piss off every teacher by talking with his friends and never shutting up. So, nothing new. They in the end said goodbye, and Yoongi forced himself not to run to the right classroom. Soon. Soon Jimin. Oh god. He smiled to himself, probably looking high and in love and goofy but he didn’t care anymore. He didn’t care about what people thought anymore. He wasn’t that Yoongi anymore. He wasn’t that stone faced, school skipping, hit and run kind of Yoongi anymore. He was just Yoongi. Who that was, shit, he had no idea. But he could figure it out. With Jimin, he could figure it out.
Jimin wasn’t there. It was full with people, new guys, old guys, the small room was almost packed. Jimin wasn’t there. He must be late. Yoongi sat down with his hands clasped on the desk, waiting for that familiar tuft of gray to be visible in the door. He waited for definitely eons, but the junior never showed up. Clear disappointment tinged in his stomach. Where were he? He couldn’t be this late, Jimin usually showed up right in time. Had something happened?
Yoongi would’ve ran out of there, looking for the boy he so desperately wanted to meet, but Mr. Kim was detention guard and wouldn’t even let him leave his seat. Shit. Yoongi sighed and decided to let time run out, and promised himself that he wouldn’t let himself look away from the clock ticking away on the faraway wall. As soon as detention’s over, Yoongi would text Jimin to check up on him. No need to get worried and freaked out. Jimin’s probably sick - even though Yoongi knew he’d been perfectly healthy the last time they saw each other. No need to get worried. Everything’s okay. Jimin’s okay.



Chapter End Notes
oh my godits here and out and writing this was painful ?? but i hope i still managed to do it decently ?? and this chapter is a little shorter i hope its fine ahaheither way, thank u so much for ur support, its crazy how far weve gone and im just blown away at the nice comments and stuff oh my godand as usual, remember to eat and please take care of urself even if its hard and dont skip meals or sleep and /as usual/ if u have any tips or feedback id love to hear it, and i always appreciate iti love u guys take care <3<3


complete horsedick
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





[Yoongi]: Jimin are you ok?
[Just a friend]: yea, im good. went home bc stomach ache tho dont worry[Yoongi]: Oh, great. You should rest, then. And get better, detention without you is such a snore /:[Just a friend]: ahah yea, as soon as i feel better ill return. altho dont expect me to be back soon, it might take a while[Yoongi]: Shit, is it that bad?[Just a friend]: yea, its bad[Just a friend]: thank u, tho. for asking[Yoongi]: Yea, of course. Get well soon[Just a friend]: i will[Just a friend]: i have to go tho, mom’s made soup[Just a friend]: byeYoongi drew a breath of relief. He had been worried for nothing, and while he felt silly over rushing out of detention to text Jimin over something so small, his intentions were good and he told himself not to be embarrassed over it. He instead chose to call Namjoon, who picked up instantly, as if he had been waiting for him. ”Hey buddy, you free?”
”No, not really.”
The senior sighed, because of course not. He wanted to say something about it, but convinced himself not to overreact. ”Oh, okay. Why?”
Now, the two boys couldn’t see each other since they were talking over the phone, but they both knew the exact face their friend was making. Yoongi knew Namjoon was fidgeting, with his brows furrowed and lips pursed into thin line over his face. Namjoon knew Yoongi was rolling his eyes, with his arm crossed over his chest, his hand supporting the arm holding the phone. ”Oh, well I have to do something with mom. You know how she is.”
Yoongi knew exactly how Namjoon’s mother was. Controlling, stern, manipulative at times. Yoongi didn’t really like her. No, he basically despised her. ”Yea, okay. Text me when you’re free, or something. Good luck with your mom.”
”Yea, thanks. Bye.” Yoongi barely had the time to say goodbye before the line was cut, and his friend’s voice disappeared. When trying to call Jin, all he got was that he couldn’t be reached. The discomfort that had been growing in his stomach the last few days had taken over, drowning out every other thought. What was going on?
Instead of dwelling he convinced himself not to worry, he had done enough. Jin was surely busy with studying for exams and Namjoon really had to do something with his mom. He wasn’t being ignored, he could trust his friends. He was going to trust them. That’s what friendship is all about, trust and communication. And they trusted each other, and they talked all the time. It was going to be fine.Yoongi knew it was all lies. Shit, he knew their whole friendship was crumbling under its own weight and he had no idea how to stop it. Should they talk about it? Sit down with a cup of tea and talk about their scary feelings and fears? No, that wasn’t how they worked. They just casually let it run into the sand, because talking is for people who actually have problems. That’s how it is. Why change it now? It’s been working for as long as they’ve known each other, why would it start causing trouble now?He wanted to call Jimin and talk, but then remembered that he was sick. And the aching loneliness crashed on his head, without any kind of warning. Without Jimin, who did he really have anymore? Had he pushed everyone else away, and if so, why? Why had he been so angry all the time? The walk home was disturbing, with his rummaging thoughts completely unscrewing every single hinge he had left untouched. And then the entire wall that blocked out the things he’s tried his hardest to keep out fell, and he did so with it. Who was he? Really, who was Min Yoongi? A bad boy with an equally terrible reputation? Well, yes. But was that really who he was? Was that all to him, that he had fucked up and could get angry at times?Is that something to be proud of?And was there any kind of salvation for him, or was his only fate doom and nightmares without any kind of happiness? Did he deserve that? What had he done? He didn’t mean it. He didn’t mean to fuck up and fuck everyone else up. He didn’t mean to hurt anyone. Well, he once did. He had been so terrible. Why? Why did he feel such a need to be so god damn hurtful? He had only been treated with respect all his life, his family loved him and his siblings looked up to him. Why was he so ungrateful?Shit. Shit fuck shit. Yoongi barely noticed crashing down on his bed, burrowing his face in the not-so-soft-anymore pillow. All he knew were the thoughts that clouded his vision and the voices that drowned out all other noise. Nothing was silent, except for the world outside of his door, outside of his mind. Inside those walls, however, a contest of what could sounds the loudest was being held, and Yoongi didn’t have a choice but to stay and hear. Screams of who he was, what he had done, that he deserved all this ringed in his ears, making his head hurt.Was he selfish? He had caused people to suffer, he knew that. He had been the reason for many tears and sorrows, both intentional and not. Did he even have the right to feel bad despite him being the root for so much pain? He knew he deserved it, but did he have the right? He sighed as he rolled over, his eyes locking on the ceiling above him. Was it a fly sitting there, or a simple spot? He tried blowing on it, but it didn’t move. He decided that it was just a stain of some sort and closed his eyes for a second. His tiredness dawned on him- as it always did - and he found himself calming down, the voices slowly fading out into the nothingness. They were still there, still ever present, but fainter, vaguer. No, he pushed them further back. Not today. Not like this. He could deal with this when he was ready for it. He wasn’t now.And so his breathing slowed and his eyelids fell as the sun did the same - as it always did. For the sun always falls and the moon always rises and everything changes yet everything stays the same, so why would he be any different? Namjoon felt bad. Jesus, Namjoon felt so bad. Neither he nor Jin enjoyed sneaking around behind Yoongi’s back but they both felt it necessary - telling anyone about them was the last thing they felt like doing. It was with this in mind that the two boys both held back when they saw each other that same night, with the cold stinging on their cheeks and making their whole body shiver. Had they not been themselves that night, they both would’ve jumped into the other’s arms. They were, however, the same person they had always been and so they held back, in fear of what would come and what wouldn’t, of what they were and what they would never be. They were both aware of the other’s feelings, but that didn’t change the fact of who they originally were to each other. Friends. Best friends.Jin sat down on the bench where he’d found Namjoon, sighing as he did so. ”Hello.” Namjoon nodded as a response, not bothering to shake out any other kind of answer. It was too cold, he decided, to say something so unnecessary. ”So. How are you?””Could’ve been better, y’know. Don’t really like the situation we’re in.” Jin nodded understandingly. ”And you? How are you holding up?””Shit, I don’t know. You know how it is.” Namjoon simply snaked an arm behind his friend’s back as a support, knowing fully well how it was. After a moment’s silence the older boy spoke up again. ”Yea, so. You wanted to talk?”Namjoon really didn’t want to, but he knew it was necessary if they wanted to go on. ”Yea. We gotta talk. About Yoongi.” Jin nodded, a faint smile on his lips as if he was remembering something from a long time ago, now just a distant memory. ”And us.” The smile fell quickly.”Okay.”And so the younger boy took a deep breath, gathering all his thoughts, before unloading everything he had been carrying in his head. Jin listened through the rambling without every looking distracted or bored, which helped Namjoon even further. When the speech was done and Namjoon felt out of breath, the older looked away for a second in wonder.”So what are you suggesting? That we ditch Yoongi?” Jin didn’t look exactly pleased, making Namjoon’s stomach ache. ”Namjoon, you can’t be serious.”
”Why? Why can’t I be serious? Yoongi’s been awful these past few weeks, even more so than usual. We have no idea what’s going on in his life anymore, did you know he’s fucking some junior?” Jin flinched, bringing his eyes back to Namjoon in an intense stare of confusion. ”Yea. Something going on, Jinnie, and Yoongi’s changing. I doubt for the better, honestly, but I don’t wanna be here to be a part of it.”
They fell into silence, looking away in deep thought. Namjoon just wanted him to understand, to see his side of it. It wouldn’t be a good idea for them to stay with Yoongi, not after everything. Not after this.”But… Why?”Jin’s voice was broken, desperate after something to cling and hold on to, something to stop them from leaving their friend. Namjoon swallowed hard, bracing himself for Jin’s crushed expression. ”Because we don’t belong together anymore. Yoongi’s gonna be fine without us, Jin. Can’t you see how horrible he’s been to us, to everyone? He’s not a nice guy, Jinnie. We have to move on.”The older boy stared at the ground for a while, thinking it over. He looked up at the boy beside him, his eyes closed and mouth in a thin line. Namjoon expected some kind of sadness, maybe a small tear, but all he got was anger once the eyes were opened again. ”Are you kidding me, Namjoon? Yoongi is a nice guy, deep down. Yoongi’s a dick, sure, but he’s not evil, he’s not bad. You know he loves us even though he doesn’t show it.” Namjoon opened his mouth to say something, but was interrupted by Jin’s ever growing voice. ”And what does it fucking matter if he’s with some junior? He’s not doing something that’s actually hurting us. His constant sarcasm and bitterness is a kind of turn off, sure, but you know he’s not actually like that. Wh-” He stopped, disappointment clear on his face. He took a deep breath. ”Why do you want to get rid of Yoongi so bad?”Namjoon let his head fall, his eyes fixated on the small rocks by his feet. He shrugged. ”Haven’t you seen it? The way he rolls his eyes at us, his small scoffs every time we talk? He wouldn’t support us, Jinnie. He wouldn’t. Can’t you just unders-””I can understand your worry of not being supported, Namjoon, but not your worry of not being supported by Yoongi. He’s a good guy, deep down. He doesn’t support a lot of things, he gets angry often and he says a lot of hurtful things, I know that. But what I also know is that he would support us 100% if we actually told him about it, and that he doesn’t deserve whatever you’re trying to accomplish. Jesus, Namjoon, have you learned nothing these past years?””What could I have learned? When has he ever done anything for us in the same way we do stuff for him?”Jin sighed, bringing up his fist, letting up his index finger. ”How about that time when you and Chanyeol were fighting and Yoongi jumped in, not just to knock that fucker out but also so you wouldn’t have to take the blame? Yoongi got in real trouble for that, for you.””Or he just jumped in because he loves fighting people?””Namjoon you ass, you know that’s not the reason.” Namjoon rolled his eyes, and Jin continued, letting a second finger up. ”Or that time that you had the fight with your mom and Yoongi offered you his apartment for two weeks?””But I didn’t take it, so it doesn’t count.””Of course it counts, he offered it didn’t he? You were the one declining it.” Another finger. ”Remember that short period everyone picked on you? Who was the one destroying that bike so everyone would leave you alone? That’s right.” Namjoon sighed. ”So excuse me but shut the fuck up about that ’Yoongi never does anything for us’ bullshit because it’s complete horsedick and you know it. I don’t know what’s up with you, why you feel so threatened by Yoongi but I’m not fucking taking it and I don’t wanna leave one of my best friends because you’re petty.” Jin stood up, looking down at the defeated boy who still hadn’t let the rocks out of his sight. ”I thought so much better of you, Joonie. I’m honestly disappointed in you.”Without a single doubt in his eyes, he left Namjoon who felt nothing but shame in his entire body. What was he doing? Jin was right, Yoongi wasn’t a bad guy. He was different, he was awful in many ways, but he sure as hell wasn’t bad. What the fuck had he done? He sat up straight, fishing out his phone out of his pocket. With remorse making his body heavy he brought it up to his ear, the small beeps making him anxious. Pick up pick up pick up pick up pick up.
”Hello?”
”Yoongi, hey. Still wanna hang?” ”Jungkook, would you be a darling and take out the trash?”The boy buried his face under his cover, letting out a low whine to himself. He didn’t want to leave his bed. He hadn’t left his bed since he got home and now it was almost 10 o’clock- yet the desire to stay hadn’t disappeared. He felt so bad. Bad for Jimin, for Taehyung. He agreed with Taehyung, to some degree. Jimin hadn’t talked to them, that’s true. But he shouldn’t have to, if he doesn’t want to. And yes, he hadn’t told them about Yoongi but again, he shouldn’t have to. Taehyung had blown it up out of proportion and now Jimin had disappeared and Jungkook didn’t expect him to be back in a while. He regretted that he hadn’t said anything, that he didn’t even try to stop his friend from leaving. He should’ve done something. Something, anything, to ease the pain. He didn’t.His mother knocked on his door. ”Kookie? Are you okay in there, are you still tired?””Yea mom. Thanks.” He only got a small laugh as a response, and then she was gone again. What was going on wasn’t okay. Should he call his friend? Apologize?He reached for his phone, letting his thumb linger over his friend’s name. Why wasn’t he pressing it? Why was his body physically rejecting the simple idea of comforting his friend, as he had done so many times? Why couldn’t Jungkook just return the favor of being a shoulder to cry on?Maybe he wasn’t a good enough shoulder. He had disappointed Jimin, so many times. Would he be able to apologize now, after so much? Would that even be enough?Ah, fuck it.The signals beeped in his ear, and his entire body wished for his friend’s voice to replace them. It didn’t. He tried again. No answer. He tried more times than he could count, his heart aching a little more everything he got to the voice mail. Where was Jimin? Of course, Jungkook didn’t expect him to be okay, but was he safe? Please, dear god, let Jimin be safe.[Kookie]: jimin shit im sorry i know ur not okay but we have to talk[Kookie]: dont do anything stupid[Kookie]: jimin i love you[Kookie]: shit jimin i love you and taehyungs wrong, you didnt deserve that[Kookie]: jimin[Kookie]: jimin talk to me[Kookie]: im sorry[Kookie]: shit[Kookie]: im so sorryHe didn’t linger in their chat, instead clicked on Taehyung’s name instead. He read through their chat, now mostly consisting of plans they’d made without Jimin, of things their friend had done that bothered them. He read the hurtful things, comments about Jimin’s mental illness and how it was probably fake, messages about the small, almost unnoticeable things about him. His laugh, his smile. The way his eyes creased when he smiled, which they in later messages noted was becoming more and more rare.
He’s faking it. He’s just out for attention. He wants us to crawl after him. Did you hear him today? What a rat. His laugh is getting obnoxious, did you hear that today in math?
Jungkook swallowed hard, feeling deep remorse for the comments both he and Taehyung had made. He forced himself to continue reading. He deserved the pain, fore it was nothing compared to what Jimin surely was experiencing right now.
He stopped dancing, y’know. He was too lazy. Yea, explains why he gets out of breath just by walking up the stairs. Oh god, there’s the laugh again. Did you hear that? How can she stand it? Poor Soo Young, he’s bothering her again. Does he have no self-restraint? Can’t he see how uncomfortable she is? Of course she is, she can obviously tell he’s talking to her just because he’s lonely.
Why was he lonely? Because they made it so. Covering his mouth with his hand, he felt his throat choking up. They had fucked Jimin up, in the end. They deserved that, not Jimin. Jimin had also fucked up, yes. Of course he had. But they had crushed him. Everyone in their class disliked Jimin, they had made it so they would. Everyone turned on Jimin, who would’ve offered them the world if he could.[Kookie]: weve fucked up, taeIt didn’t take long before his phone chimed, marking the response of his older friend.[taenoturhyung]: with jimin?[taenoturhyung]: u rly think so?[Kookie]: of course i do[taenoturhyung]: and why?? we talked to him about it, now its his choice if he wanna get better or not[Kookie]: you didnt talk, you screamed. and he doesnt really have a choice, tae. and whats hes gonna change? this is only going to give him more trust issues than before[taenoturhyung]: not necessarily[Kookie]: how thick are you really?? tae what the fuck[taenoturhyung]: ok yes i admit i was harsh, screaming at him like that, but he has to understand our side of the story and he wouldnt do that if i just whispered it carefully to him[Kookie]: yes, he wouldve. hes not stupid[taenoturhyung]: what happened to u disliking him?? u wanted this as much as i did, and now ur crying for him again?[Kookie]: because i realized how fucked up we were to him. jesus, tae, are you 10?[taenoturhyung]: real mature, jungkook[Kookie]: fuck off, taehyungJungkook placed his phone screen-down on the mattress beside him. He just wanted to disappear, get a new phone and new friends and a new life. Leave everything behind. He had fucked up so much and he didn’t know if he actually could fix it. He wanted to continue being friend with Jimin, of course he did. Jimin had done so much for him, yet Jungkook had abandoned him when he was needed the most. Fuck.His phone buzzed, and with fear in his gut he lifted the device to see the reason why. It was his chat with Jimin. His heart was beating at an alarming rate as he tapped in his code, entering the chat with his older friend. Then his stomach went cold and sank, and as did all the hope he had built up.
Your message could not be delivered.




Chapter End Notes
ok so uhhiim backim sorry for the extremely long paus but im back and i actually like writing again so hopefully itll get better, altho im going to go away for a camp for 10 days, so i wont be able to write sorry about that and im sorry its a pretty short chapter but i wanted to get something published before the camp ahahi hope u liked this, stay safe, remember to take care of urself ur extremely importantand im sorry for all the angst, but the fic is getting closer to an ending now, only a few chapters left. hopefully it wont feel rushed lol idkso, thank u for all the support and comments and feedback is always appreciated, i love u guys so much <3


prank'd!
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Yoongi sat in detention, hands tied on his desk. He hadn't seen or heard from Jimin for two weeks and he had no idea what had happened. Jimin didn’t seem that sick the last time they saw each other, and stomach ache certainly doesn’t last for a month. It didn’t take long before Yoongi started doubting whether Jimin was telling the truth, it only took him a few days after having texted his younger crush that he started questioning it. And now, after all that time without hearing from the younger boy? He was worried to death. Jimin never answered texts or calls, and every time Yoongi knocked on his door his mother answered it, telling him Jimin was sick. Something was wrong, something was so terribly wrong and Yoongi had no way of fixing it anymore.
This wasn’t the only odd thing that had happened, though. Jin and Namjoon, he noted, were extremely distant to each other. Jin would talk as if only Yoongi was there, and the few times Namjoon attempted a conversation with the elder, he just shrugged. Namjoon had also done a complete 180 and almost seemed to suck up to Yoongi every chance he got, with absolutely no remorse.What was going on? It was as if he had woken up in a completely new universe, where Jimin didn’t exist and his friends were complete opposites of who they once were. Yoongi was the only thing that stayed the same. School was getting pretty stressful, too. Even though there were several months left people were starting to stress about graduation. Yoongi felt the heavy weight of leaving everything behind, of course. He never got the time to think about that though, with the only thing occupying his thoughts being Jimin and the changes of his friends.He had found a school he wanted to attend, however he never told anyone about it. It was a pretty ambitious school that he was sure he wouldn’t even get into, and he didn’t want to put himself in that embarrassing position. So he shut up about it, he did his best to keep to himself. He didn’t like the changes that was happening. He didn’t like that every time he passed Jiyong in the halls, he would smile and act as if nothing had happened between them. He didn’t like that Taehyung walked with Jungkook looking all happy and carefree, together with someone he assumed was Hoseok (who looked oddly familiar although Yoongi couldn’t imagine where they could’ve met). He didn’t like that the world seemed to continue without Jimin’s presence. He didn’t like that no one even seemed to notice that Jimin had been absent for nearly a month.”Yoongi, what’s going on? You’ve been absent for like two weeks now.” Jin’s careful voice broke into his head, making him twitch. He didn’t want to talk to anyone. He wanted to sit alone and think. ”Are you okay, is it your dad again?”Yoongi withdrew from the comforting hand Jin offered him. ”I’m fine, yea. Don’t worry.” Jin nodded, and a punch of guilt hit Yoongi in the chest. He coughed, signaling that he wasn’t finished so Jin wouldn’t leave. ”How- well, how are you? You haven’t seemed too good either.”Jin managed a small laugh, that despite its dripping sense of bitterness seemed genuine. ”No, I’ve not been that good. I doubt you wanna hear about it, though.” Yoongi understood that those words meant that Jin wanted Yoongi to ask, that he wanted Yoongi to know what was going on. Usually he would’ve scoffed because it’s simple manipulation that he wouldn’t ever fall for, but since everything had changed- why couldn’t Yoongi?”No, I wanna hear. What’s going on?”That got Jin talking. And now Yoongi got to hear all about Namjoon’s preposition, about Jin’s refusal. About their sneaking around, about their hushed confessions and secret kisses in the hallway, when Yoongi couldn’t see. And at first, he got angry. He couldn’t believe they would doubt him like that, thinking he wouldn’t support them. Then the slow realization of his past behavior also sinked in, making him understand them a lot more. He still couldn’t believe it, though. His best friends, actively keeping him out of knowing something that big.”Oh,” Yoongi began, although he couldn’t finish the sentence. What could he say? What was the best response to this? Jin let out a single mhm but didn’t say anything more than that. ”I- Shit, so that’s why you and Namjoon haven’t talked for so long?” Jin nodded. ”I’m sorry. That sucks.”Jin shook his head, making his pink hair flop. ”I didn’t have much of a choice. Couldn’t really leave you behind, and his suggestion honestly disgusted me.”Yoongi was grateful, of course. At the same time he couldn’t help but blame himself for separating his two best friends. ”I guess, but don’t you wanna fix it though? I get that you’re mad but it seems like he wants to talk and apologize, he’s even complimented me like five times today and it’s only lunch. He obviously doesn’t hate me anymore.”Jin finally sat down in the desk beside him, sighing as he did so. ”Yea but look, this isn’t just something I wanna wave away y’know? It’s more than that, he suggested we’d leave you without any sort of warning. That’s not okay, even you must understand that.”The younger shrugged. ”Yea I do but I sort of think it’s more important to forgive and move on than continue being angry. It’s kind of unnecessary, y’know?”The pink haired boy flinched, turning his head away to instead stare at the wall in the front of the classroom. ”What happened to you, Yoongi? This doesn’t sound like you at all. What happened to the guy who was angry all the time, and who wrecked everyone’s bike?””I don’t know.” And he didn’t.So they sat in silence for the rest of recess, not saying a single word, not making a single sound. They were both pretty aware of where this would lead them, they both knew where they would end up. They had both ignored that thought for several years though, in fear of it turning into reality if they worried too much. It was too far gone now, and they both knew that not thinking about it had absolutely no effect on its probability of happening.They had changed too much since they were younger. Jin used to be outgoing and spontaneous, always ready to run in case they got caught. Namjoon was creative and fearless in his techniques of fucking with someone. Yoongi was a caring leader, who knew exactly when to stop. No one stayed the same. They didn’t belong together anymore. It broke everyone’s heart, while it at the same time came as a relief. They no longer had to feel forced, that they should be together just because they should, and not because they wanted to.Was there a way to fix it? Maybe they could belong together, but how? Neither of them knew, so they gave up. Maybe it wouldn’t be worth it to fight. Maybe they would waste time and energy just to give up and say farewell. They had no hope anymore. They were afraid to get disappointed.The second school was over, Yoongi left the classroom without a word. He then marched over to detention, to once again notice that Jimin was missing. He would then, after detention that was a complete waste of time without Jimin there, march home in the exact same manner to waste the night in his bed, overthinking everything. It was a routine. A gray, simple, routine. Life without the people he had once needed to survive, had become a routine. A series of actions without meaning, doing things just for the sake of doing them. He wanted out. Taehyung sighed. He hadn’t seen Jimin for nearly a month, not since the big fight. Jungkook never talked anymore. Taehyung did his best to cheer him up, to make him understand that everything was fine, however every attempt got lost. The younger friend had given up, he looked like a complete mess. His hair looked like it hadn’t been washed in weeks and his eyes like the concept of sleep was foreign and unheard of. His feet dragged after him when he walked, which he noticed when they walked out from school that day.”Jungkook, pull yourself together.”Said boy looked at him with death playing behind his eyes. ”I’m not the one to pull myself together, Tae. Honestly, Jimin hasn’t been to school in a month and I bet you haven’t even thought about him once.””Of course I have, Kooks. It’s just that I don’t think what we did was that wrong. We told him how we feel and he chose to react that way.” Taehyung noticed Jungkook’s eye twitching, and then he just stopped walking.”You’re horrible.”Taehyung backtracked so he could take Jungkook’s hand, pressing it reassuringly. ”No, Jungkook. I get that it looks like that, I really do. And I get that you feel bad for Jimin’s sake, that you feel guilty about it all, but this was bound to happen sooner or later. Jimin hasn’t been good to any of us, I honestly think it was about time.””That’s not true. Jimin’s been an amazing friend, even when he was living in pure hell.”Taehyung threw his hands out in desperation, frustrated that his friend couldn’t see things the way he could. Annoyed at how Jimin had won him over in such a way that he couldn’t think logically. ”Hell that he put himself into. He could’ve searched for help, he could’ve fought for himself. Instead he chose not to, and I know you like to pretend he was doing his best but I honestly don’t think he did.””He did what he could.”Taehyung shook his head, letting out a few tsks. ”He did what he felt like he could. Not what he actually was capable of doing. Jimin’s been a great friend to us, he truly has. His expiration date has come though, and hopefully he’ll realize that.”Jungkook pinched the bridge of his nose, searching for things to say. He didn’t know where to start, but he knew it was probably pointless. ”What do you want him to do, Tae? Ignore his mental health to please you?””If he truly is sick, he’ll search for help.””What if he hasn’t done so yet for a reason?””What reason is good enough to ignore ones mental health, and at the same time put everyone else around you in a position to always care for you and make sure you’re okay?”The younger boy sighed, finally looking at his friend. ”Taehyung that is what friendship is about. Looking after each other.”Taehyung put his hands on Jungkook’s shoulders, shaking slightly. ”No, Kookie, that’s what a family is for. Friendship is about taking care of each other while at the same time knowing when to stop. Jimin didn’t do that. He didn’t take care of us like we had to take care of him.”Jungkook wavered. Taehyung’s sweet words and calm tone was soothing to the heart that had been aching for Jimin for so long. Jungkook wanted to believe him, wanted to fall into the trap again. He couldn’t. It was too late, they were too far gone. So he turned and walked away. He never looked back. He didn’t need to, he knew Taehyung wasn’t coming after him. He didn’t want him to, either. This was his goodbye. Namjoon was doing his best. He had spent these last few weeks doing nothing but fixing his friendship with Yoongi, while at the same time getting Jin to actually look at him. He hadn’t meant for this to happen, he had simply done what he thought was right. Everyone makes mistakes, right? So why couldn’t anyone just let him off the hook for this one? He knew what he did was wrong, and he did his best to fix it. Why couldn’t anyone just let him try?He understood enough, Yoongi’s junior boyfriend had disappeared. He had overheard someone whispering about it, although he had no idea how some stranger sophomores had knowledge about his best friend’s relationship that he didn’t. Was it fair? He guessed so, he probably didn’t have the right to ask Yoongi about those kinds of things anymore. He lost that right several months ago.”Jin, can you just talk to me?”His endless tries had gotten lost for weeks, and he didn’t think anything would change now. They were in the hallway, that despite being empty felt suffocating and narrow, as if there were absolutely no space whatsoever. Jin sighed, turning his head slightly to look at him, looking as disappointed as he had for weeks.”What do you want to talk about, Namjoon?”Namjoon threw his head back for a second, staring at the gray sky through the window. It felt symbolic, which annoyed him to death. The weather had been the same for a week now, the only change being the shade of gray and if it rained or not. He missed the sun, the warmth. Summer felt lightyears away. ”Us. Yoongi. How I can fix this!””You can’t.”The monotone voice barely even resembled the one of his best friend. It didn’t sound like Jin and the boy in front of him were the same person, although nothing could change the fact that that was the case. ”Of course I can. Nothing that’s broken can’t be fixed.”Jin sighed, the small puff of air enough to cause Namjoon to almost stumble over his own feet. He hated it. They both did. ”That’s stupid, and you know it. Plenty of broken things are unfixable.””But we’re not one of them. We can fix this. Please let me fix this.” Namjoon sounded desperate, although his tone of voice did absolutely no justice to how his stomach felt. He wanted Jin to understand, needed Jin to understand. They couldn’t stop now. He wouldn’t be able to live on knowing that he was the one who ruined everything they had built up. He wouldn’t be able to live without Jin.”I’ve wanted you to fix this for so long, Joonie, but you stepped over a line””Jin, please.” He was ready to go down on his knees. Pride be damned, he would do anything for Jin. He would break all the bones in his body, get run over by all the bikes he’s helped wreck in his life. He would do anything. Why couldn’t Jin give him another chance, to prove that he’s changed?Said boy stopped for a second, thinking it over. Did he really want everything to end? Really?No, no he didn’t want everything to end. Namjoon had been his best friend since kindergarten, they had been through thick and thin together. Was it worth it, giving everything up? He certainly didn’t want to do something he would later come to regret, especially if that decision was to end it with Namjoon.”I-” Jin didn’t get to finish his sentence, being interrupted by the pleads of the boy in front of him.”Please.”Jin was choking up. So was Namjoon. They stared at each other, both with pain in their eyes. Jin nodded shortly. ”Okay.” 

Namjoon stared at him in disbelief, as if Jin would shake his head and let out a loud ’prank’d!’ But he didn’t. And they stood in silence for a too long of a moment, until they both broke into shy smiles. Namjoon had been so sure Jin wouldn’t give him another chance, and the fact that he had been wrong had never brought him as much joy. They would fix it. They could fix it. Jin repeated the simple word, as many times as he thought needed. Namjoon wrapped his arms around the boy, resting his forehead in the crook of his neck.”Thank you.”Jin put his hands on his younger friend’s shoulders, making the distance between them bigger. ”You gotta fix it with Yoongi, too. Apologize. Let him know what’s happened and say that you’re sorry. We can begin to fix us after that.” Namjoon let his head fall, sure that Yoongi wouldn’t ever forgive him. How could he? As if Jin could read his mind, he continued the sentence with a little more hope in his voice. ”He’ll forgive you. You know he will. He’s changed. It’s a miracle, really. Probably has something to do with that junior, but he’s not the Yoongi he’s been this last few years.””Really?””Yea, really.” Jin gave his friend a quick, tight hug before letting him go. ”Now go and apologize. He should be at detention by now, so go and do this now. Don’t procrastinate this.” He ignored the fact that Namjoon wasn’t a big fan of procrastination, and shot him a smile. He did his best to act as if nothing had happened. He felt his pride shouting at him, but he ignored it. ”Everything will be fine.” Namjoon hated apologizing. He really did. So doing so twice within the span of like twenty minutes, knowing it was fully justified? He despised it. He knew it was necessary, though and so he didn’t complain as he searched the halls for his friend. He knew at which floor he would find the classroom in which detention was held, but he had no idea which room it actually was in. So he combed through it all. It took him a while, seeing how the school was too big for its own good, but then he eventually found it. He should’ve understood it was in the more rundown part of the school, but oh well. He was there now.He carefully opened the door, peeping inside. He could recognize a few faces, he saw Jaebum in the back corner, Youngbae in the front. Jiwon sleeping on three chairs right in the front, completely unnoticed by Mrs. Lee. And then there was Yoongi, sitting right in the middle. He looked distant, staring straight forward. The sight made Namjoon’s heart ache.The boy figured he could probably just sneak inside, seeing how everyone looked pretty dead and Mrs. Lee was literally already on her way there. He sat down beside his friend (were they still friends? he hoped so), tapping him on the shoulder to get his attention since he probably didn’t notice him sitting down. Yoongi flinched, slowly turning his head in Namjoon’s direction.”What are you doing here?” He looked genuinely surprised, which was more emotion than Namjoon had seen from him in several weeks. It made him relieved.”We need to talk.” Yoongi nodded, squinting at the boy beside him. ”We could probably leave, y’know? I doubt anyone will notice.” Another nod, which was then followed by both of them getting up and sneaking out through the door in the back. They probably could’ve walked out the one in the front, but they didn’t want to risk anything.They sat down on the floor in the hallway, looking at each other with eyes filled with something neither of them could interpret. Namjoon cleared his throat, getting ready to speak. He didn’t get the chance to, though, since Yoongi was faster. ”Look, I know what’s happened. Jin told me. You don’t have to go through it, if you wanna leave then just do so, okay?”Namjoon could’ve slid down to the floor completely, lying still to face his defeat. Those words were enough to make his back arch, bringing goosebumps to his entire body. This wasn’t what he wanted. Yoongi’s words were drenched in pure sorrow, and Namjoon was the one causing that. He couldn’t believe it, that he was so close to abandoning one of his oldest friends for something so small. ”Yoongi, no, I’m not here for that.” Yoongi’s already furrowed brows almost shook, and Namjoon took a deep breath. Here it goes. ”I wanted to apologize. I was wrong.”Yoongi gasped. Namjoon had never seen him gasp before (or well, yes he had but that was in a completely different context that he never wanted to ever witness again) and it brought a shiver down his spine. He felt horrible, he really did. He had made Yoongi so certain of their inevitable fate that him just apologizing was such a surprise to him that he actually gasped.”I’m aware now, that I was wrong. I don’t want this to end, I don’t want to leave you. Shit, man, I love you and I have no idea what got into me. I thought I was doing the right thing, I really did. I thought there were no way of us getting back to the way we were, y’know? I thought we had grown out of each other, but I was wrong. I was the one being immature and too stuck in the concept that everything has to stay the same, and that’s wrong. I was wrong. Please, forgive me.”Yoongi sat completely silent, staring at the floor. He had no idea what to say. This was so extremely unexpected, this wasn’t what he had prepared himself for. He sighed, sitting up straight to look at the boy across from him. ”Namjoon, I know you meant well. Maybe not for me, but for yourself and for Jin and that’s not something I can blame you for. The amount of bad things I’ve done simply because I thought it was justice or some shit like that, I understand how you feel.” He stopped, letting out a small sigh. ”Or, well, felt.”Namjoon nodded. He felt like crying. Oh god, Yoongi was about to forgive him. Everything could go back to normal. ”I felt that way. I don’t know. I want this to work. I want us to stay together. I want to watch us grow into some stupid fucking grownups who have wine parties and chatter about stupid fucking neighbors and their stupid fucking loud dogs. I want us as a family again.”Yoongi laughed, although it didn’t sound very happy. It was filled with sorrow, as if that sounded so distant that he didn’t actually believe it happening. ”You’re way overthinking this. And even so, we’re not the types to host wine parties. I think we would still be kinda bad people, except older.””That’s something I can live with.”Yoongi’s stomach dropped. He wasn’t prepared for this kind of talk. He had braced himself for Namjoon’s crossed arms and furrowed brows and strained voice. He wasn’t prepared for Namjoon’s sad eyes and shaking lower lip. He managed a scoffed laughter. ”Yea, same. I want to be bad grown ups with you, too.” Namjoon smiled, and Yoongi felt bad for having to burst that bubble. But he had to. They couldn’t live on pure hope anymore. Realism was the only thing that could save them by now. ”But y’know, we would really have to work for that. Even if this wouldn’t have happened, everything can change in just a few years. We’d have to still keep in touch all through college and that’s hard, since we’ll be in completely different cities.”Namjoon wasted no time, but blurted out the first thing that came to his mind. ”Then follow me to Seoul.” Yoongi gasped, again. Namjoon didn’t even think about the words as he let them out, shocking himself by hearing them. The more he thought about it, though, the more he liked the sound of it. All of them in Seoul, doing their own things except they would live together. They could make it work. ”Jin will also study in Seoul, you can do the same. And if you don’t study there’s surely something you can do, you can work on your music. It’s gonna be amazing, just us three against the grown up world.”Yoongi thought about it for a few minutes. It was completely silent between them as he pondered it. He would get out of Busan, leaving everything he both loved and despised behind. He would live in Seoul, have everything in the palms of his hands. He could work on his music, maybe even at a label. He could actually do something with his now sad life. He loved the thought of that.”Namjoon, are you sure about this?” The boy nodded, his eyes shining with pure happiness. Yoongi’s probably did the same. ”Yes. Yes, absolutely. We’ll do that. We can make it work. I’ll probably start hating you after a few weeks but oh my god, I’ll live in Seoul and I’ll work at some shitty café or something but I’ll be gone from this shitty fucking place and oh my god.”
Namjoon started laughing, and Yoongi was quick to join. And then they just sat there, hands on their stomachs and backs bent over laughing like mad men, because they for the first time in several years felt like they could actually stay together. They got lost in time, forgetting everything except for the bouncing sounds of their laughter. Jin would love that plan too.
And they couldn’t help but feel complete. Complete in themselves, complete in each other. Complete and secure in the future. They could make it work. Together, they could make it work. It was cold. Jimin was cold. He stared at his ceiling, his body lying perfectly still with arms placed limply by his sides. He was hungry. He didn't care. Jimin didn't know what time it was. He had slept for what felt like an eternity and now time and life all felt like a big bundle of sticks, like a string tangled into a big ball where you can't see the end or the beginning. Everything felt so weird. Jimin ate when he had to. He had forgotten what real food actually felt like, the only thing he could force down was barely cooked noodles and some water. He didn’t know how much time had passed, but no one knocked on the door anymore. He hadn’t seen the sun in an eternity, he had forgotten what it felt like feeling the warmth on his face and wind in his hair. He closed his eyes. Sleep was comforting. Sleep was what he knew. Sleep. A knock woke him up. He turned around in his bed, pulling his cover over his head. He wasn’t used to that sound. Knocks on his door. He hadn’t heard it for what felt like months. His father had knocked once, but Jimin didn’t know when it was. It was the first contact he had gotten with a parent since the silence had begun. He couldn’t appreciate it, though. He just wanted to sleep.Another knock. And then the door opened, letting in light that Jimin had tried to avoid. He squinted into the brightness, seeing nothing but the fuzzy silhouette of a human standing there. He rolled around, ignoring it completely.Something weighed down his bed. He groaned, and then he realized how dry his lips were. Running his tongue over them did nothing, it was as if he was all out of saliva. He probably was, though.”Jimin?” The voice rang in said boy’s ears. It was familiar, but he hadn’t heard it for so long. Jimin could barely place it. It wasn’t possible. It couldn’t be possible. Why? Why was it here? Why? ”Jimin, I’m here.”If Jimin wasn’t all dried out, he would’ve cried. But he couldn’t cry. He had cried for what felt like weeks (although it was probably just a few long days, he told himself) straight, and now he was all out. He felt nothing but hollow emptiness, a feeling that hadn’t left him for his entire time locked inside his room.”Jimin, oh my god. What’s happened to you?”What had happened to him? He didn’t know. He didn’t know anything anymore. What day was it? What month was it? Was it still the same year? How much time had passed with him in his bed, sleeping everything away?”What have I done?”The heartbreak in the voice crushed Jimin’s own heart into several, tiny pieces. He didn’t want to hear that voice with that tone. Not now. He wouldn’t handle it. He was more afraid, though, that he would. That nothing could affect him now - that he was too far gone. If not even this could bring Jimin to feel something, would he ever be able to feel again? Was this the end?”I shouldn’t have- oh my god.”No, Jimin thought. You shouldn’t have. It’s too late. You’re too late.”It’s been months, Jimin.”Months? The concept of time had gotten lost on him. Wasn’t it still March? Was it April? It couldn’t be May. He couldn’t have slept two months away. Could he?
”I’m-”

If you’re this broken, imagine me.
”I’m so sorry.””Jimin I’m so sorry.””I can’t believe this, I can’t believe I turned you into this.””I regret it, I regret it all. Please, Jimin. Say you’re okay. Say we’re okay.”Jimin said nothing. Talking now would turn him into an even bigger mess, and he didn’t want that. He didn’t want to go back to the unstableness, the uncertainness. He didn’t want to cry at everything, he didn’t want to doubt if he could make it through the day without hitching a cry or sobbing silently into his pillow.”Jimin. Please. Say something.”The broken tone made Jimin’s entire body curl into itself, and then he sobbed. Turned out he could still cry. The tears he didn’t think existed streamed without seeming to stop, and the muffled sobs he heard meant that he wasn’t alone with that. Two crying regretful human beings in the same bed, that wasn’t something he hoped would happen. He hoped he could just waste away in peace, until he would just fall asleep without waking up. His lack of real food would probably cause that. He hadn’t eaten for days.”I’m the cause for this. I made you like this.”You, among others. Jimin sobbed, drying his tears with the unwashed cover he had hidden beneath for what he now knew was months.”I should’ve done something, I shouldn’t have just-”The voice got broken off, turning into a squeal instead. Jimin didn’t want to hear the complete sentence. He couldn’t handle it. He didn’t want to handle it. He wanted to disappear under his now damp cover and forget about the world, as he had done for so long. Why couldn’t they just let him?”I’m horrible. I’m- Jimin, I’m not what you deserved.”Jimin bit the cover to not scream out his cries. He wanted to die. He wanted to die so dearly, he had wished for death for so long and now when he was so close to just starving, he couldn’t. Why couldn’t he just die?He mustered up the courage to talk, gathered all the thoughts he had kept inside for so long. He hadn’t talked for months, did he still remember how to? How do you breathe correctly, without it hitching and coming out like small squeaks?”No, you’re exactly what I deserved.”The voice broke halfway into a word Jimin couldn’t understand. ”You’re wrong, Jimin. I could’ve been a better-”Jimin let out a cry. He didn’t want to hear it. He couldn’t hear it.”I love you, Jimin. Oh my god I love you and I should’ve been better to you. I could’ve been better. I’m the reason you’re here now.”Jimin didn’t care about holding it in anymore. All the tears he didn’t think he had in him, every last drop of dignity, he let it go. His cries louder than ever before, but he didn’t care. Was this what he deserved? He couldn’t. He can’t.”I-” His voice failed him. He had to continue. He couldn’t stop now.”I love you too, mom.”



Chapter End Notes
oh my godso uhhthis is it??the next chapter will probably be the last, so hold on tight for thati cant thank u guys enough for all the insane support ive been getting, its sick and i love u all so much for it i cant even begin to form words for it oh my godthis was a pretty long chapter and im sorry if u got bored halfway through but it was so nice to write so i hope it was as nice to readremember to take care and to sleep and eat as u should, its extremely important. u guys deserve to be okay and to be happy and im sorry im getting emotional jesus christcomments are extremely appreciated and so is feedback, im just oh my god thank u so much its ridiculousthank u so much for reading, take care, i love u all <3<3<3


time is such a funny thing
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





It was June. No one at school cared anymore, it was almost over. Just a few, way too long weeks, and then they were out. Jimin couldn’t wait. He wanted out so bad. He had only been to school after his long break for some weeks, and he already longed for his bed again.
It took him a while, to be able to return. He was afraid of all the changes he would experience. Obviously he wouldn’t have Taehyung anymore, and Jungkook would’ve probably also left him. He had no idea where he had Yoongi, the senior hadn’t visited him once during his time away. Would they still be a thing? Maybe Yoongi had moved on. Jimin had been gone for two months, so yea. That wouldn’t surprise him the slightest.His recovery was slow. It started with the small steps he had read about on the internet. Showering, actually eating something, talking to someone. After a while he took walks in the garden, trying to enjoy the weather. He did his best.His mother apologized all the time. She always looked ready to break down crying, it didn’t matter what Jimin was doing. Whether he sat at the dinner table, slowly eating the food in front of him, or if he took out the trash. She always looked broken down. It made Jimin's heart ache.But now, here he was. School felt bigger like never before, and the days became longer and longer. Jungkook followed him everywhere, despite what Jimin had expected would happen. No, they had talked. They were prepared to fix everything. Jimin wanted nothing else but be able to once again look at Jungkook without something hurting in him. Jungkook wanted nothing else but be able to help Jimin, to be there for him when he needed it most.Jimin had gotten detention for all the time he’d missed. Yoongi wasn’t there anymore. They hadn’t talked since before Jimin disappeared. They never even saw each other in the halls - but then again they never had before so why would they now? He wasn’t even sure if Yoongi was still there, maybe he’d disappeared too. He didn’t know. It felt like a huge weight on his chest every time he opened the door, seeing Yoongi’s desk empty. It was heavy, like nothing he’d ever experienced. He missed Yoongi. What had happened? Why? He did his best to not think about it, to not let Yoongi’s shining absence affect him that much. But it did. It hurt more than he could ever be able to describe in simple words, it was such an aching nuisance that he couldn’t ignore.When detention was over he dragged his feet out of school, all the way to the bus stop that felt miles away although it was just outside. There he waited for the bus that always arrived five minutes too late, which meant he, in turn, also got late for his meeting. He didn’t care before, time’s just a concept. But it isn’t just a concept, it’s a real thing that affects us all and we’re running out of it. So now he cared.After the bus ride that felt two seconds long, he arrived at the gray building with the empty parking lot and the equally empty and cold people. He sighed, pushed the door open and began climbing the several stairs. He hated Thursdays. Despised them. They made him feel better, he knew that. They helped. But oh god he hated them.A woman walked out and greeted him with a big smile, that didn’t even seem fake in the slightest. Jimin smiled back. The woman took his hand, shook it and then led him into the familiar room he never wanted to return to again. Returning was, however, part of the deal that he had no real way of getting out of.”So, Jimin. How are you today?”And then the stone was rolling, as it usually did. They talked, for that single hour, about his feelings and fears and needs. She once again mentioned medication, and Jimin flinched at the concept. He didn’t like the thought that he was in need of even more help, he felt a constant disappointment at his own abilities of handling feelings. No one else he knew had these problems, no one else he knew needed medication, so why did he? Was he the exception, the wrong one? Was he really that sick?Apparently. Because there he sat, with a cup of tea in one hand and a stress ball in the other. He never used the stress ball, in fact he thought it was pretty stupid. But she always offered one at the start of each session, and he never really saw the point in declining. His eyes darted between the untouched tea and the woman in front of him, that looked like she was the most genuine and caring person in the world, and maybe she was. He didn’t know, but she was the first person who actually seemed to care about his illness.She, and Yoongi.His stomach dropped at the thought. He never talked about Yoongi to anyone, in fact not even the woman, that he told everything, knew about him. No, it was his secret. His own little secret that he would keep, no one would ever get to know about their few kisses and whispers. They were his own. They were the only thing left, of them, of Yoongi.Yoongi.Damn. Jimin had no idea how to even comprehend his disappearance. Where was he? Should he call, once this meeting’s over? Should he try to make contact? He hadn’t tried, afraid that Yoongi had gotten over him and moved on. He didn’t want to know what he meant to the senior. Or, well, he did. But he didn’t want to hear the bad news that he was certain would come. ”You disappeared. I forgot. I’ve gotten over you. I’m sorry.”He knew. Maybe he needed to hear him, to hear Yoongi say it. Maybe he needed the closure. Would it be closure? Most probably. They had gone months without even seeing each other. It was too late, right?”So practice on the breathing exercises we’ve talked about, okay?” Her words, spoken with the softest of kindness, woke him up from his thoughts. He nodded, acting as if he’d been listening these last ten minutes. She raised a single eyebrow, looking at him with her big, blue eyes. It had surprised him the first meeting, when a foreigner greeted him. It surprised him even more when her accent was barely noticeable. But he liked her. She was kind, and he liked kindness.”You’ve been pretty absent today, Jimin, is something going on?” He shook his head. This was Yoongi stuff. He wouldn’t talk about Yoongi stuff. Not even to the woman with the kind blue eyes. She flashed him a smile and nodded, making the blonde ball of hair on top of her head bounce a little. ”I’ll trust you on that, then. But y’know, you’re here to release all of those troubling thoughts that you may be thinking, and no topic is… Well, off topic.”No topic is off topic. Would it be okay, for once, just to talk about Yoongi?No. No not yet. Not now. Not ever.”Okay then. I’ll take that as a no.” She took a look at her clock, letting out a small sigh. ”Time is such a funny thing, y’know? Constantly running and it’s hard to keep up but then it just kinda stops. You never know why and it’s always pretty unexpected but it just does." She looked as if she had a specific memory of hers in mind, she had that kind of dreaming look in her eyes. Jimin wondered what she thought about. "And then it continues on like normal, as if nothing happened. Have you ever experienced that?”Jimin thought back on times like that. Yea. He’s experienced that. Plenty of times. When he kissed Yoongi. When Yoongi kissed him. During the fight with Taehyung. Well, one of the fights. All the moments flashed by and he just watched them go. Times he could never take back, times he wanted to forget and times he always wanted to remember. He nodded, staring down at the bright pink ball in his hand. He tried squeezing it, but stopped pretty quickly. He felt silly for even trying.”Well, is there any specific time you want to talk about? A good memory, or a bad one, that you may want to get off your chest?”He thought for a second. Yoongi. Yoongi. Oh god, Yoongi.He cleared his throat. ”Yea, there’s this one time. I- uhh, well-” He stopped. Her eyes dug into him, they saw right through him. He thought back to the moment, to how it felt having Yoongi’s arms snaked around him, providing warmth and closeness and so much that he would never feel again. He ignored the heavy weight in his stomach making his entire body feel too small, and did his best to continue the sentence, to answer her question. ”It was this one time.”Yoongi. Yoongi’s warmth on his back, Yoongi’s arm around him, Yoongi’s breathing in his neck. The moon shining outside the window, illuminating the paintings and scribbles across Yoongi's walls, the quiet chirping and harmonies from birds just returned from their winter travels. The heavy duvet covering them, protecting them from the world, from everything that wasn’t them. They were the only ones who mattered, right there and then. Jimin and Yoongi. Yoongi and Jimin. The two of them. Just the two of them.He stared at the ball. It did nothing to help the voices in his head, screaming at him, screaming at her. Screaming for Yoongi. It was over, wasn’t it? Finished. Done. Over. No more detentions that actually meant something, no more rolling of eyes that held more than just that, no more hugs, no more kisses. No more actual caring. No more Yoongi.”I-” His voice didn’t hold the weight of the words he wanted to say. His fingers hugged the ball tightly, squeezing until it hurt and then they squeezed some more.”Jimin?”It was nothing but a whisper, but it was more than enough to wake him from his mind’s restless wandering. He was brought back to the toned down lights and the low harmonious melodies with a twitch. The soothing tones were meant to calm him, to make him feel comfortable, but all it did was make him anxious. The woman reached out a hand, offering him support in the smallest way possible. He declined, staring out of the window. All he saw was buildings and streets filled with people with bigger problems than him. Why was he complaining?”Jimin, what are you thinking about?” The woman’s accent was showing, and Jimin couldn’t help but wonder who she was. Where was she from, why was she here? Was she happy, carrying all the multiple stories, feelings and struggles from the many strangers she met every day? Did it make her feel good to know that maybe she helped them? Did she care?Probably. Why else would she daily show up to work, if not to help other human beings? Maybe she just felt validated, knowing strangers took comfort in her, trusted her with all their darkest thoughts and fears. Maybe she just needed love, herself. She probably had issues too. Everyone has issues. No one is perfect, the grass isn’t greener on the other side. It could be painted into the most beautiful emerald color, or it could be an illusion created by simple naivety and fear. But once you remove all the fronts and the paint you realize that the grass is just as withered as always. No one’s grass is green anymore.Jimin only shrugged. ”You, I guess.” Jimin did his best to sleep that night. He really did. He followed all the routines he’s been provided and all the breathing exercises he’s been given, but closing his eyes felt like a defeat. Was he backtracking, getting worse? And why, why did his relapse come now, when he’s done his best to get better?Was it because of the meeting? If so, why? All other meetings made him get back on track after a week of doubts, it made him feel like everything was worth it after all, so why did this one make him worse? Because it made him think of Yoongi? That had to be it.And really, where was Yoongi? Where had he escaped? Had he escaped from Jimin? Had he been too clingy, too straight forward? Did he seem desperate? Was he desperate? Did he like Yoongi, not for his many perks and for the person he was but for the attention, the help, the desire he had never experienced before? Did he really like Yoongi, or was it just the simple want for love that made him tell himself that that’s what it was?Had it all been a lie? Was that why Yoongi had left him, because he realized Jimin’s words were empty, void of genuine meaning? Had Jimin actually meant anything? Had Yoongi meant anything? Maybe they were both desperate for closeness, so much so that they clung to the first available person who didn’t mind the imagined love? Maybe they both lied, maybe they didn’t even realize that’s what it was.Yoongi had been there when no one else was, and Jimin had assumed that meant that they should love each other. Like in the books, like he had been told all his life. Yoongi was his imaginative knight in shining armor that would sweep him off his feet and put him together, make him feel good again.Jimin had been the liar, the one forgetting what real feelings felt like. What did it feel like, to be in love, to adore someone wholeheartedly and unconditionally? Would Jimin ever know?A small voice in the back of his head wanted to protest. Of course he would. He would get better. Everything would get better. He didn’t need Yoongi to be alright. All he needed was his family and friends, and that’s what he had. He should at least try to look on the bright side, he couldn’t let one bad day ruin everything. He had to carry on.And so he did. The tiny, easily ignored voice was his beacon of hope. It was right. He had to carry on. So when the first rays of sun hit him that morning, telling him it was time to get up, he did so with every ounce of courage he could muster. It was hard, oh god was it hard, but he knew it had to be done. He couldn’t give up now. He had gone too far to be able to lay down again and forget everything else but his own suffering. He couldn’t go back to how it was, with him in bed completely drowning in his own thoughts.Jungkook’s wide smile was the only thing to make it feel genuine, though. When he passed through the doors, doing his best to not look like the human embodiment of death, Jungkook was the one to make him feel like maybe there’s meaning. And there is meaning. To all and everything. The point of life isn’t to pass through like a small breeze without purpose, it’s to make your own point and set your own worth. Now Jimin had to make himself worthy again, had to give himself something to live for.
Maybe he would live for the random strangers in the hallways and their small, greeting smiles. Maybe he would live for the feeling of freedom once class is over and no teacher can tell you what to do anymore. Maybe he would live for the sky and the clouds and the sound of rain hitting against the window on slow days.
He needed beauty, he needed self love. He needed something to make it all worth it. And he would find it. He knew he would. He had found it before, so he could do so again. Something small to make it easier to get up in the morning, or maybe something bigger to make the future seem like the brightest thing in the world, like it would be not just fine, but good.You find beauty in the strangest things. In children in the playground and their innocent games and spotless mind. In rainbows after a week of gray, in your mother’s laugh, in the distant sound of music on a quiet night. Life was beautiful. Jimin knew it was. He had known that, he had experienced that beauty. That genuine, unrestricted beauty.Jimin knew he would find it again. He knew he would be alright. Because he had been before, and it’s never too late to go back, to turn around and leave everything you thought was true. It’s okay to not be okay, but he knew it was time for him to be okay again. Last day of school was rolling around. Jimin had made plans with Jungkook to meet up and celebrate, in any way they could. They both knew it would probably just turn into eating something on a swing set, but it was enough. Summer was beginning. This would be their summer, without Taehyung. Without Yoongi.Yoongi was there for graduation, for a brief second. Jimin saw how he bolted out of there as soon as the ceremony was over, and it didn’t even seem like the now graduated senior saw him, or even knew he was there. It left a heavy lump in Jimin’s stomach, but he knew he had to get over it. The senior and him weren’t meant to be. It was a fact he had to accept. And he was, slowly but surely.Jungkook greeted him with a tight hug and large smile when they met each other that evening. He was carrying a paper bag that Jimin could only guess contained several baked goods from his mother. They walked for a while, small chatter filling the silence that loomed over them. They were both relieved at summer break, but the fact that senior year was closing in couldn’t help but make itself known. They were both scared, scared of not getting into the university they wanted, scared of not even knowing where they wanted to study. Repressed questions were beginning to surface, now with real value and consequences.They sat down at a lonely swing set in a lonely park, and Jungkook slowly started pulling out the contents of the bag, revealing that Jimin’s guesses had been correct. Jungkook’s mother owned her own bakery, and so it wasn’t really a surprise.”So, how’re you holding up?” Jungkook offered a cookie, which Jimin gladly accepted. ”I saw that Yoongi was there today. Didya see him?” Jimin nodded, eating the rest of the fish shaped pastry in his hand. He sighed.”Yea, I saw him. I’m okay, though. I think I’m kinda getting over it.” He brushed the crumbs off on his legs, and then turned his eyes to his friend beside him. ”How are you, though?”Jungkook’s laugh that followed sounded as fake as it always did when he was asked about his wellbeing. ”I’m getting better. Therapy’s not helping that much, though. The pills are just making me  tired and they’re just making me moody, which is the opposite effect they should have, y’know? I don’t understand, why isn’t anything helping?” He could’ve might as well talked to God, or the pills themselves, with the pleading tone in his voice.”I don’t know. I’m sorry they’re not helping, that sucks.” Jimin had never been that good at comforting, he knew that. He always felt awkward putting his feelings into words, he had always been pretty useless at making his thoughts heard. He did his best, though. It usually just turned into the same rambling mess, the same words and phrases repeated and contorted to please and, hopefully, help. He knew he had to work on his comforting, but that didn't make him less nervous every time someone brought up their feelings - expecting him to know how to respond.”Yea, I’m glad you’re getting over Yoongi, though. You probably liked the dude a lot, I don’t know, but it’s good that you’re not- y’know, still thinking about it.””Yea.”They quickly left the subject, instead turning to something more lighthearted and easy to talk about. They spent several hours on those swings, munching on cookies they knew they probably shouldn’t eat too much of (although they didn’t care at all about that), talking about everything and nothing. Jimin had missed it. He had missed Jungkook. He was so happy they had found each other again, that Taehyung was no longer there to ruin it all.”Oh right, have you heard anything from Taehyung?” Jungkook flinched at the words. Maybe Taehyung was still a too sensitive subject?”No, not really. I know he’s happy, though. Heard Hoseok’s moving to Seoul, to really focus on the dancing. He’s a trainee for some company now, apparently. It’s sick. Taehyung’s been talking about following apparently, and move to Seoul for senior year. Donno how that’s working out though.”Hoseok a trainee? Taehyung moving to Seoul, with him? They were really serious, weren’t they? Jimin wanted to be upset, wanted to be bitter because of Taehyung’s happiness, but he just couldn’t. He was, on the contrary, relieved for his past friend. Maybe that’s what he needed. He didn’t need Jimin or Jungkook, he needed Hoseok and Seoul. A new start. A new life, one that didn’t involve his old friends at all.”That’s- uhh, holy jesus. Is Hoseok gonna be some famous dancer now or?”Jungkook shrugged. ”I don’t know, we’ll see in a few years I guess. If there’s some famous Hoseok showing up though, we’ll be able to say that our old friend’s his boyfriend. Or was his boyfriend. Depending on how it works out for them.”Jimin managed a laugh. ”Whatdya think his name will be? Horsey? Horseboy?”Jungkook lit up and then snorted as he thought of some name for the older boy. ”Horseok, maybe.”The two boys lost it, making the otherwise quiet night fill with laughter. Yea, maybe he would be called Horseok, maybe he would be called something even more ridiculous. Maybe he wouldn’t even make it, and return home again. They had no idea what the future held, just like everyone else. And maybe that’s good, because if they knew the future, then what’s the point anymore?”Oh shit, it’s getting late, isn’t it?”Jimin took a look at his phone that told him it was half past midnight. When did it get so late? And when did it get so dark? The thought that his mom could actually be worried was new and it caught him off guard. She could be worried, probably was too. She hadn’t called though, so it was still cool, right?”Yea, we should get home.” Jimin turned on the flashlight on his phone, pointing it at his friend who gave him a quizzical look, his eyebrows furrowed and sleepy eyes fixated on him.”Or we stay out a bit longer. That’s a lot more fun, if you ask me. We can take my moped and just drive, y’know? I don’t wanna go home.”Stay out? Yea, that’s a possibility. It had been a few years since Jimin sat on a moped, though, so the thought seemed kinda weird. ”Yea, sure.”And so the late night began for real. Jungkook drove for hours, stopping where they felt it necessary. They climbed up to the school roof and sat there for a while, looking down at the city they had never left and, in some way, would never leave. Busan would always be their home, where they found themselves and lost themselves and found themselves again. There were people in Busan they would never really leave behind, too. Jimin wanted to get out, wanted to leave and never look back, although he knew that would never be possible. Busan was home.They drove past places he could never forget, and he didn’t want to, either. Memories of his childhood whizzed by and an overwhelming feeling of nostalgia made every cell in his body shake. He remembered where he first met Jungkook, where he got his first kiss. Where he drank for the first- and last- time, where he broke up with his past boyfriends. They were all places he held dear, places that helped shape him into the person he was.The two boys watched as the sun rose on the horizon, watched as the earliest people woke up. They saw Busan in a light they had never bothered to before, and even the ugliest of cities can look beautiful with the power of sunsets and nostalgia.It was way too early in the morning when they said goodbye and parted ways, and Jimin knew his mother would probably get angry. Would she start ignoring him again? No, no she wouldn’t. She wasn’t that kind of person anymore.He tiptoed his way up the stairs, careful not to wake anyone up. Crawling into his bed and closing his eyes felt like such a relief, and the emotional night made his brain completely shut off. Jimin woke up by a knock on his door. He groaned at the sharp light and cursed at his past self for not closing the blinds. Pulling his cover over his head did nothing to stop the knocking, though, and after a while he just had to face the fact that he wouldn’t fall asleep again. He called out for the person on the other side, telling them to come in. His mother slowly creaked the door open, peeping inside.”You’ve got a visitor, dear.”Visitor? Who? And why wasn’t his mother angry with him? Who was the visitor?Jimin wasted no time to sloppily throw on last nights clothes and sneak downstairs. The front door stood open, and his mother talked to the unidentified person on the other side. He couldn’t hear a voice, and what he heard felt impossible to place - no matter how much he tried.”Oh, here he is. I’ll leave you two to it.” With that, his mother disappeared. Jimin still had no idea who it was, and the building suspension as he crept closer to the front door actually made him a bit scared. He had a suspicion of who it was, but didn’t dare to hope. Although he knew, deep down, who it was. It terrified him.And then they stood face to face. Yoongi smiled, and Jimin wanted to cry.”Hi.” They sat on the same swing set as Jimin and Jungkook had done the day before. It was a whole new experience, being there in broad daylight and with a person he hadn’t talked to for several months. None of them knew what to say, they didn’t know where to start.Yoongi cleared his throat. ”I- uhh, I’m sorry. It’s my fault we haven’t talked and I know I should’ve tried to reach you but I’ve just, I don’t know. How are you?”Jimin closed his eyes, biting the inside of his cheek to keep the threatening tears away. Tears, already? The boy cursed at himself, how weak is he really? ”I’m getting better. I’m doing my best, I guess. And you?”The black haired boy coughed a laugh, shooting a shy smile to the one beside him. ”I’m good. Pretty stressed, though. And I’ve- well, I’ve missed you.”Jimin didn’t need this. He swallowed, trying to force down the crying. He didn’t need this. He didn’t want this. This wasn’t the closure he had asked for. He hadn’t asked for closure. He didn’t want closure, he wanted to forgive and forget and move on.”I’ve been busy, these last few months. I’m doing my best to get into a decent school, so I’ve been working hard to get better grades. I know it’s in the very last minute, but I’ve-” He paused, like he was actually afraid. Like he was as terrified as Jimin. ”Jimin, I’m moving to Seoul.”It felt like a punch to the gut, like all air was blown out of him. This wasn’t them getting back together, this wasn’t even them agreeing to stop it all and continue to be friends. This was their goodbye. Their last goodbye. Jimin felt as all time stopped, and how everyone froze except for them.”What?”Yoongi looked away, staring straight forward to the empty playground. His hands were lying limply on his lap, like he had no strength left. ”Yea, I’m- I’m moving, Jimin. With Namjoon and Jin. I’m working hard so I can get into university there.”Jimin stared at the black haired boy, taking it all in. He had known that Yoongi wouldn’t stay forever, but he would never have thought he would just leave. Would they really never see each other again? ”When?”
Yoongi swallowed, his back hunched. He looked like sadness, like regret, in human form. The boy hesitated, like saying it out loud would actually mean it’s true. But it is true, and nothing would change that. He threw a glance at his phone, telling him the time. ”In, like, five hours.”
The familiar stone in Jimin’s chest reappeared, making his arms and legs feel like they were filled with cement, and head too small. ”Five hours?” He stuttered, slurring over his words. He wasn't capable of speaking without tripping over every syllable or forcing down a sob. His awareness of how silly it all was - how childish he was being, did nothing to stop the sadness from spreading like fire through his body.”Yea, I couldn’t leave without saying goodbye, though. I- oh shit.” Yoongi stopped and let his head hang, bringing his hand up to cover his mouth. Was he crying? He couldn’t. Small sniffles could be heard, and Jimin saw how the senior dried his eyes. Fuck. ”Jimin I’m so sorry for not being there for you, and I’m so fucking sorry for leaving you now. You’re the only god damn person I feel bad for leaving behind and I’m-”Yoongi’s own sobs cut him off. Jimin wouldn’t hold the tears in for much longer, and he knew it. The sight of Yoongi breaking down was way too much, and his entire body ached by the sight. ”Yoongi, it’s okay, alright? Don’t worry about me I’m fi-””No, you’re not! Or, shit, I don’t even know anymore. But I will worry, and it’s not okay. I don’t know how many times I knocked on your door at first, how many times I tried to call you. But your mom always told me you were sick and couldn’t talk, and you never picked up and I just gave up and that’s not okay, I should’ve sticked around. I should’ve been there for you, but I just abandoned you when you needed me the most and that’s not okay, don’t defend my shitty behavior just because I’m moving and-” He held back a sob and finally looked up to meet Jimin’s eyes. ”I’m moving and we won’t see each other again after that. We’ll never get back to how it was. Don’t you realize that I’ve fucked everything up and I’m moving away from the damage I’ve done?”Tears were streaming down Jimin’s cheeks now, and he had no way of stopping them. His stomach had dropped onto the ground, leaving him with a gaping void where it once was. He had never experienced grief like this before in his life - and he wished he didn't have to now either. But Yoongi was right. They wouldn’t ever get back to how they were. It was all gone; Yoongi was gone. ”Yoongi, I forgive you. Don’t worry.””You shouldn’t.”Jimin hitched a cry. ”But I am, Yoongi. I- fuck” he paused to breathe for a second, before staggering through the sentence, pain bleeding through every word. He couldn't recognize his own voice through the crying. ”I want you to have a happy life and if moving makes you happy then fucking move, get out. Leave.”Yoongi hid his face in his hands, and although Jimin felt horrible for begging him to leave he knew it was the right thing. Yoongi murmured something into his hands, something Jimin couldn’t understand. The black haired boy repeated the incomprehensible words, until looking up again, facing Jimin - facing the red eyed boy staring at him in disbelief. ”I loved you, Jimin. So much and this hurts so fucking bad, and I know it’s ridiculous but I loved you.”Jimin’s entire being felt like a melted puddle of feelings. He had no idea where to look or where to go or what to do. He felt so much, like all the thoughts and feelings inside of him were about to burst through the seams - but at the same time he felt so numb. His brain had gone blank and he had forgot how to breathe without it coming out like a sob. ”I loved you too, Yoongi.”And there they sat, two miserable boys on two miserable swings. It was too late for them. Their time together was over. They both knew long distance wouldn’t work, and even if it would, was that really what they wanted? Did they want to feel the aching pain of missing each other every day, while at the same time being one click away from talking, as if nothing had changed? Jimin wouldn't be able to stand the thought of Yoongi being so far away physically.Despite their racing thoughts, and the ticking clock constantly reminding them of the little time together they had left - time didn’t seem to affect them, and none of the boys had any idea of how long they sat there. It just felt like they were in their own bubble, where time stood still and simply didn't apply to them. Outside everything continued, cars drove by and people rushed on as usual, while at the same time these two boys just stared at each other in silence, as if they had all the time in the world and not just five hours left.”I’m so sorry.”Jimin shook his head, feeling his uncut hair tickle his neck a little as he did so. ”I forgive you.”Yoongi reached out his hand, and Jimin accepted. Holding his hand felt like the only reasonable comfort. This was something he would never do again; this was their last time. They stared at each other for a few minutes, just taking it all in. Preparing themselves for saying goodbye.So they forgot all about consequences, repressed everything about later, and leaned closer to meet each other in one last, bittersweet kiss. All while knowing that this was the last time they would get to do so, that this was their goodbye. And they ignored the small voices in their head telling them it was going to be fine. Because maybe it wouldn’t be. Maybe they wouldn’t be fine without each other. Maybe this was a mistake, maybe they would regret this like nothing else. Maybe time wouldn’t heal all their wounds.But what they would soon come to realize is that love isn’t bulletproof, nor is it a science. It’s unpredictable and heartbreaking and a brief hot flame that is extremely easy to confuse with a long lived glow, yet no matter how much it hurts, people move on and people forget. And so would they. Forget about the small smiles, about the butterflies, about those raging feelings they once had for each other. They would find someone else, they would change as people and they would carry on.Because time is such a funny thing.



Chapter End Notes
this is the end boys. i hoped you liked it, i hope i didnt disappoint or something.but uhh yea, thank you so sos soososo much for supporting me all through these very long 20chapters, i know its been a lot and i love you all so much for sticking around and for all the nice comments and feedback, i appreciate it like nothing else.and stay safe you guys, take care of yourselves, okay? its important, and i know i say it a lot, but please, remember to eat and sleep and treat yo self once in a while, you deserve it!!i love you all so much, thank you for sticking around on this journey<3<3<3



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



