



stardrop - darling - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

stardrop
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9361547.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster & Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook & Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
space, Backstory, jihoon is here, and taehyung and jimin for a hot second, suggestion reference to domestic violence but extremely vague, all beginnings have endings
Series:
Part 2 of
all your stars are my stars too
Stats:

        Published: 2017-01-17
        Words: 10985
      

stardrop
by darling
Summary
behind every great person is a star. and sometimes, a song.
Notes
1. this takes place before "... .- ...- . -- ." it jumps back and forth in its own timeline though.2. it is better to read "... .- ...- . -- ." first.3. if you only want to read one, definitely read that one instead. this i was selfish with. i wrote it more for myself because they mean a lot to me and i wanted to share more of what i had thought through for them. unfortunately as is often the case with the things we love, i might be too close to it and i'm worried reading this might take away from the other for some people. but i hope maybe if you read this, you do find something worthwhile in it. and i really appreciate your time...hope it's not too silly of me to say so.4. thank you. <3



stardrop

   

...you were home to me.

  *  


[ LOG 0 STAR DATE 22903.1 DESTINATION SILLA-X ]
"hello. captain kim here. well, ex-captain now i guess. if you're seeing this, maybe my time has finished or maybe i'm just lost." he pauses, laughs, and it's gentle; gentle like a heartbeat; gentle like the space between breaths. when he looks into the camera there are worlds and words and some of these are one and the same; his dimples make him seem young and his expression makes him seem less so and captain or ex-captain one thing is for certain: "what can i say though? i'm doing my best. i'm doing....what i think's right. sorry if you're seeing this and i wasn't. hey jihoon? hope you're doing the great things you're made for. mom, dad, if you can see me...wherever you are--don't worry. huh..." when he lowers his head it's not that the light changes but the impression of the light? does. "ah. well. that's enough for now i guess. not a lot to say after all." reaching out to the camera, his hand pauses just shy of covering it up as he murmurs, "silla-x isn't too far off now."

*"you look so sad there," jungkook says and doesn't mean any harm.namjoon shrugs, uncomfortable. "well."eventually jungkook's hand curls in the ripped tail of namjoon's coat and stays there for some time.this, yoongi sees and thinks that taking jungkook onboard was the right thing to do after all.it seems a long while ago, though yoongi knows it wasn't.not really.*at the time of his disappearance, jungkook is not just jungkook. jungkook is his mother's hands which could not protect him, his father's sadness which could not spare him, his brother's whisper which could only offer one thing: “run.”*it's jungkook's third year of school in the academy. it's what all boys do if they want any hope of making something of themselves but it's not lost on jungkook that what he hopes for never actually aligns with his missions or his tasks. jungkook spends inordinate amounts of time reading old star charts, obsolete maps that go reputedly nowhere except that jungkook thinks that can't possibly true because, well......everywhere is somewhere. isn't it?* jungkook is seventeen when the black hole meditating outside of his home comes down like a hand over the light. his father is so impossibly sad and his mother is angry and his brother is helpless. it would be easier if they were hateful but they aren't; it's not that simple. when jungkook's mother leaves a scar across his face, it's just her trying to protect his father and he can't quite blame her for that. he loves them too after all. when jungkook's brother holds him in his arms and takes the brunt of broken glass, he can't blame him for that either. and though he begs him never to do it again, his heart knows the answer when his brother smiles and kisses his forehead, tells him not to be too loud – wait it out. when jungkook's father cries in front of him, it's that which hurts maybe most of all. he wants to help all of them and can help none of them and what's the use of his hands or his heart if that is the case? and jungkook tries tries tries. he does.*jungkook is eighteen when his mother's anger becomes a knife, when his father's sadness becomes a blindness, when his brother says to run. and jungkook who has always listened to his brother does as he's told.but in the days, nights, and in-betweens yet to come, jungkook misses the far-away departure of his brother's hand in his most of all.*the hyyh colony is the most beautiful place jungkook has ever been. outside of the colony's capitol, green distances are soft and smell warm and free. it's been a few weeks or maybe more than that; jungkook isn't sure – whatever time it takes to become skin and bones with their slow healing cuts bruises memories wrought like silence. however long it has been, jungkook supposes it doesn't matter. he half stumbles half falls where periwinkle flowers dot through green grass the same as stars. and it's...nice. his body is heavy; his heart more so. but it's nice. all the way out here, the light touches every single thing and it's a little easier to believe he might be included. he's cold, he can't stop shivering, he's tired, he can't stop dreaming, but just for a moment he thinks: it's okay.he's too far asleep to understand the footfalls that come closer are awake, too far below to reach up and touch the voice that crouches low and reaches down for him instead:“kid? hey kid.” a pause. a breath. a sigh. “don't do that here.” * “where'd you pick him up?”“hyyh.”“alone?”“i'm not a kidnapper.”“well we're already thieves.”“that's different and you know it.”“mm.”“i couldn't just leave him.”as if from a great distance, a sleeping boy hears some movement which might as well be a thought; hears and feels someone settle close, a hand cool on his too warm forehead, hears the voice through that hand as it replies,“no. i guess you couldn't.” *  when namjoon is five he wants to be a doctor because doctors help people. when namjoon is eight he wants to be an officer on a starship because a starship means freedom. when namjoon is twelve he doesn’t know what he wants to be but he knows some of the things he does not want: rules applied only when convenient, the narrow-minded vice grip of classism that shames his father and numbs his mother, helplessness as he loses both of them in a random act of violence. and, well, the attacker dies too but that’s just not what namjoon cares about when all namjoon wants is his parents back one more time to say goodnight.  *  the youngest to make captain in the starship fleet history, kim namjoon grows up; holds up. namjoon bears his title like a sharp balance of responsibility and inevitability; because what else was he going to be. *"talk about a 180.""shut up."from below close to the heart of the engine, yoongi's laughter trails up like smoke. "well their loss."from yoongi, who gives compliments as often as colony nmd gets warm, that's as good as a friends-for-life contract. namjoon smiles and says, "hey. you're being really nice to me."yoongi scoffs. "i'm always nice to you."*a little over two years ago:"we're explorers not assassins." both hands planted firmly on his side of the table, namjoon leans in, something cold in his look that does not suit him but does not seem like a lie either."you're whatever the government needs you to be to keep the peace. this guy is a menace.""but sir--""take whoever you need. just find him and get rid of him."the door slams shut and namjoon hears it in more ways than one. on his jacket medals of honor float like stars but they feel heavy in a way he never dreamed they could. thumbing his latest commendation, he thinks it might not be worth it; he thinks it might not be what he'd imagined it to be at all.lifting his hand, he scans through the files, swiping through each holo until he gets to the latest candids. silver-white hair? blonde? namjoon can't quite tell. his clothes are ripped in dozens of places and he has a sharp look even in the blurriness of the capture -- not hungry but definitive, like he knows very well what he's about.namjoon finds himself jealous.with one downward brush of his fingertips, all the floating images shuffle down into their projector -- an egg shaped thing no bigger than namjoon's palm, which makes it easy to pocket.as he walks down the hall, everyone he passes lowers their head, murmurs greetings of respect as befits his rank and his renown but rather than making him feel confident, it makes namjoon feel...foreign. at the docking area he pulls a specialist named jihoon aside and asks his opinion on speediest routes to the agust colony."that place? but it's just scrap heap now," jihoon says, confused, his floating magnifier changing from blue-to-red and back again as it scans an energy core replacement. "tell that to the big man," namjoon huffs and jihoon laughs. for someone so young, jihoon's name is everywhere in regards to his programming abilities as well as his capacity for inventing. lately things have been slow enough that he's relegated himself to fixing the odds and ends around the depot that he feels are too neglected. namjoon thinks of the mission he himself has been given and feels sad, wishes there was somewhere brighter for someone like jihoon to shine. "well i guess if it was me," jihoon flips off his scanner and without all the dancing lights looks even younger. "i'd probably...you have your charter?" namjoon tosses it to him and in the same motion as catching it, jihoon punches a code that sends a map of their quadrant into the air between them. "from here," he hovers his fingertip, "where this port is located....and then along these waveways," he draws it across several screens to the final destination. "there's meteor traffic and it's fairly unpredictable, but it's safer than the other paths since those're all on anti-starship territories." photographic with his memory, namjoon nods and murmurs his thanks, says, "you ever gonna get a ship of your own? they'd give you one, i'm sure of it."turning namjoon's charter over in his smaller hold, jihoon gently hands it back to him and gives him a broad smile, the kind of smile namjoon doesn't want to diminish, the kind of smile namjoon hopes stays with him forever even if namjoon isn't there to see it."i know, but i like being where the ships come home to."when he walks away he doesn't look back, but the feeling of jihoon watching him makes namjoon think he knows anyway.*namjoon takes a smaller ship, his first ship. it's a little older but jihoon himself commented once how much sturdier it was than the newer makes, how the more advanced they seemed to get the lazier and how someday he thought that would probably be their biggest flaw. navigating on his own means it's more dangerous but namjoon cannot think of a single officer he would ask this job of, and so goes by himself. it's been so long since he traveled without a crew that he finds it equal parts unnerving and peaceful. almost dream-like. the meteor rock is no joke. namjoon almost doesn't make it to agust colony and when he does it's a battered landing at best. so much for the element of surprise. yet when he approaches the worse-for-the-wear repair shop no one seems home. he lets himself in tentatively, phaser in hand, but he knows what's off almost as soon as he's inside, whipping around with the gun raised only to find one pointed at him as well."not exactly stealthy.""not exactly my intention."they stay like that for a few minutes. what the pictures didn't show namjoon: min yoongi isn't tiny so much as lithe, whipcord necessity with eyes paradoxically bright and dark, min yoongi has a burn scar up his left arm that looks like a fight he must have lost, min yoongi is a one-man war emphasizing negative space and all the ways to best use it. "i don't want to kill you," he says and namjoon hears something familiar in that raspy voice.call it stupidity. call it a psychotic break. call it nothing.namjoon switches the safety on and slowly lowers himself to place the gun on the ground, peers up at yoongi from there and says,"well that makes two of us."*"i hate traveling with you.""then go back to your shop.""it's too late now!""i'm the most wanted man in our galaxy doesn't that make you feel special?""it makes me feel tired.""get out of my ship."*the first few months are the worst. they can't stay in one place but they also can't run as far as they want to. namjoon's face is everywhere as a wanted defector and yoongi wryly thanks him for taking the heat off of him but couldn't he have thought it through a little more? close calls are unavoidable. once they emergency land on an uncharted planet only to discover the species there covets human flesh as a fine delicacy. another time they foolishly believe they've found a place so obscure no one will find them and they have to scale down the side of their A.I. building as a malicious government hack sets the whole place on fire. after that, they stay traveling and while yoongi sets up one remote shop on chronos-2, they hardly every go there except for major repairs. they get good at disappearing while remaining, ghosts to surveillance of all kinds. yoongi embeds a chip in namjoon's neck and in his own as well, which works as a neutralizer for a good majority of the scanners madly searching for them. *


[ LOG 11 STAR DATE 32209.1 DESTINATION HEIJO-K ]
light and focus sharpens as a hand draws back away from the camera revealing first yoongi -- looking paler than usual due to the dark smudges all over one side of his face and down the line of his neck. he wipes his brow with the back of that same hand and squints into the camera's eye before looking up as if assessing something. as he shuffles to the side, there's namjoon seated with his hands in his lap, somehow every inch a captain even while also looking a bit awkward anyway. he coughs, clears his throat.
"i didn't know i could do that."
"exactly how are they defining 'genius' these days?"
"ha ha. sit down and let's do this."
yoongi shrugs and sits on the arm of namjoon's chair before waving with a grease streaked hand.
"who're we doing this for by the way?"
namjoon looks up at him and no one but the camera knows at the time just how fond he is as he says, "ourselves."
turning that thought over in his head, a slow smile opens something bright in yoongi, the gummy grin belying the youth yet remaining in him no matter the way different things in life have tried to steal it from him. glancing back at the camera, yoongi nods.
"okay so." yoongi claps his hands together once, emphatic and lethargic all at once. "if you're watching this, we're probably dead."
namjoon vaguely flails.
"yoongi!"
"or in jail."

 *turning the red apple over in his hands, yoongi lifts it to his eye and watches the fracturing light slide off it."they say apples are as old as the universe," namjoon recites as he swings himself down from a lower bough."who's 'they'?""no idea. teachers mostly."humming noncommittal things under his breath, yoongi takes a bite and tries to find a taste that measures up to that kind of description. rather disappointed, he chews, swallows, and tosses the rest to namjoon who catches without even looking at him."this's the third apple orchard you've dragged me through. am i supposed to be impressed?"when namjoon turns, he smiles and says, "well aren't you?"yoongi throws another apple at him, which by now namjoon knows is as good as 'yes'. by the end of the day they've trekked through nine orchards and yoongi has amassed a whole traveler's pack of scrap wood. as they climb back onto the ship, namjoon carefully sets down his rucksack (stuffed with apples.) he's unbuttoning his outer jacket when the words leave his mouth almost by accident, "what's the wood for?"glancing over his shoulder, it's yoongi's turn to smile -- a slightly crooked grin baring teeth to hide sentiment. and, for a couple years? that's all the answer namjoon gets. *they put off the next log after narrowly escaping one of namjoon's more persistent bounty hunters. the deep cut along namjoon's arm will scar but he doesn't mind it as much as yoongi does, yoongi who blitzes through an unbelievable rewrite of the ship's piloting capacities in the hopes that namjoon will use their extra time to rest. because sure namjoon is a dreamer and yoongi is a realist but even realists have dreams. if namjoon has become part of yoongi's, well, that was bound to happen the longer he stayed, wasn't it? yoongi tries not to think about it, tries to just keep moving, to do what he's good at -- fix things, keep things from falling completely apart. but in the subsequent weeks he hovers outside namjoon's quarters like worry incarnate, finds himself staring in at him one day without saying a word, watching as namjoon pauses in his closet and draws out a military-issue jacket. even in the half-light of namjoon's room, the medals shine. from this angle, yoongi can't see his face but he looks at the set of namjoon's shoulders, watches very carefully the delicate strength in his fingertips and thinks: you never really leave it behind, do you.as it happens, in yoongi's jacket pocket he keeps a silver bell that answers him back: no, you don't."you're creeping me out."caught but not surprised, yoongi shuffles in and drops himself down on the foot of namjoon's bed, keeps his eyes glued to namjoon's back. and yoongi thinks often, thinks silent, thinks honest, how lucky namjoon's people were to have him while they did -- thinks if the government had more people like him, maybe it wouldn't have gone to hell so completely. on the other hand, if that was the case, they wouldn't have met in the first place and these days yoongi doesn't bear with that line of thought. history is a word you carry on though, so he folds his legs up under him, turns the bell in his pocket over and over between thumb and forefinger, and sighs."do you miss it?" yoongi asks and namjoon chuffs, not quite a laugh."not really. there's some people i'd like to see again but...if i have to pick? i like this better."it's a minute or so before namjoon hears yoongi move, another before he knows he's close enough to touch, one more before he feels a large hand rest on his shoulder and squeeze.*the addition of jungkook means being more vigilant about things like food, but it takes a little while to get the hang of it, having been jointly irresponsible about such things together for over two years."i thought you were getting food.""you said you were!"they make matching exasperated sounds only for jungkook to laugh at both of them as he assures them he's not all that hungry anyway.but when jungkook wakes up the next day there's a full pantry of edibles and their little kitchen is stuffed as well.*"you sure about this?" yoongi asks him the first day they meet. jungkook nods."it sounds dramatic but honestly it's kinda true. when you start running, you have to keep going," namjoon says. jungkook nods again, wrings his slender hands in his lap and lowers his head.says with a steady voice, "are you trying to convince me not to?""no." yoongi has his cheek pressed hard against his fist, and anyone who doesn't know him would think he was glaring at the boy across the table but namjoon sees it for what it is: the kind of consideration that one can only shoulder when one has been in the very place he is looking -- not so long ago, at that. "just making sure you're a hundred percent aware exactly what you're getting into."a life sentence. so to speak.but to this, jungkook simply lifts his head, meets yoongi's dark eyes dead-on and says, "then we don't have a problem."namjoon chuckles. "welcome to the team."*


[ LOG 17 STAR DATE 10322.9 DESTINATION BYBLOS-L ]
 
"is it on?"
"check the light."
"ah it's on."
namjoon leans back, the slight brush of his hand angling the camera off-center but it still frames all three of them easily enough. they are in the shuttle pod to the waystation between byblos-l and sidon-l, which means the focus is that much more cramped. in the back jungkook's eyes are wide but not scared. yoongi looks tired but both namjoon and jungkook know there is a difference between thoughtful and sleepy but the look of both these things happens to be quite similar. without thinking about it, jungkook reaches out to pet down some of yoongi's flyaways and it says more about that than anything when yoongi doesn't bat an eyelash, just lets it happen.
with a faux cough and an internal sigh, namjoon waves. "on our way to byblos-l but missing some parts so--"
"i never said we were missing parts. i said we could use some other ones," yoongi cuts him off.
"you said--"
behind them, jungkook covers his smile with both hands. eventually, while namjoon and yoongi continue to bicker, he crawls down between them until he's got his face too close to the camera and whispers,
"hi. i'm jungkook. if you're watching this...." he pauses, blinks. "well. thanks."
in the camera's way, only yoongi's voice can be picked up on the video: "--'s because estarium energy bits are ten times more reliable. i said--"
this time jungkook doesn't bother to cover his laugh at all.

*between the three of them, it's yoongi who plays his history closest to the vest -- yoongi who, when called out on freezing up or misdirecting his anger, gets quiet and disappears, sometimes for days. the small shuttle they harbor allows him to do this in reach of another moon or planet, but namjoon who has always let him get away with it, reconsiders every time he sees the hurt look in jungkook's eyes, the way his frame sinks in on itself like a wounded animal.after one call too close for comfort, he grabs yoongi's arm as yoongi tries to walk away; holds him there."you can't keep doing this." once a captain always a captain. "we can't keep doing this."he feels yoongi tense under his hand and thinks for an instant that yoongi is going to pull away, that yoongi is going to possibly hit him and continue on his escape. but then yoongi slackens, yoongi swallows audibly, yoongi averts his gaze, absently rubs against the scar on his own arm and says, "fuck."a bit farther down the hall, jungkook peers around the corner and in the brief moment where his eyes meet namjoon's, they agree to say nothing for now.just as well.yoongi sinks to the floor and looks as small as those surveillance photos namjoon first saw him in. "hey," he says, rubs wide circles along yoongi's back, hyper-aware of jungkook still there; still watching."fuck," yoongi rasps again. means: i almost got us killed (not true, namjoon would tell him -- it was everyone's fault). means: i'm sorry. means: i wasn't thinking. means: a lot of things. and namjoon as good as knows all of that, but what he says in the end is, "yeah."*where namjoon is best at flying and yoongi is best at fixing, jungkook is a fair hand at both in addition to weaponry and whatever else falls between those categories. "an all-rounder," yoongi notes without grudge. jungkook flushes to the tips of his ears and makes an excuse to go check their engine room. as he hurries away, yoongi frowns. "but we just revamped it yesterday."namjoon rubs his own temples. for a smart man, min yoongi is sometimes painfully dumb.*or so it seems.in actuality, min yoongi is just stupid smart. it's hard to miss the way jungkook's eyes follow him or the way jungkook has this way of standing a little closer than necessary (unless he feels he's been noticed, which ultimately results in jungkook putting whole rooms between them.) what is also hard to miss: jungkook's light -- the overbite of a smile he downright glows with whenever he does something particularly well, the laugh that moves in cute partitions yoongi can hear music inside of, the warmth that radiates off of him and dares once on a cold cold planet to hold yoongi from behind. they aren't even outside but the ship is old and the heating system is less than adequate even after all the adjustments yoongi's done to it. wallowing in thick sweaters that leave to the imagination exactly where their limbs actually are, it's just this side of bearable. wallowing in a thick sweater and jungkook and the heartbeat eclipsing his own, it's even more so.so when jungkook rests his chin on yoongi's shoulder and asks, "better?" yoongi thinks: much. but what he says is, "i guess."*this is, yoongi thinks, a bad idea. but that doesn't seem to stop him from falling for jungkook anyway, jungkook who, whilst they are under fire, barrels into him without warning and doesn't get up again. yoongi disposes of their ambushers with what namjoon categorizes as unnecessary gusto but it's not intentional; it's just that he can't see anything past his fear and his fury until they're all ghosts under his heel.  it's over fast but not fast enough and mechanic turned medic, yoongi thumbs jungkook's cheeks under his closed eyes feverishly and whispers, "don't even think about it."it's the first time jungkook gets hurt for one of them but not the last. yoongi bribes an offshore colony doctor to teach him as much as possible in an accelerated 24 hour session (this after seeing to jungkook) and grows up more in one day than he has in four years. even when jungkook is out of the woods for survival, yoongi and namjoon hover over him in their equivalent to a sick bay, let the ship idle in these forgotten stars and watch him because isn't that what they do now?watch out for each other.*the habits of countless days look like this:jungkook padding barefoot into the cockpit and leaning his cheek against the top of namjoon's chair. namjoon reaching back to push his fingers through jungkook's hair and rub soothing pressure along his scalp. yoongi shadowing afterward and sitting in his own chair, still fighting what namjoon has labeled as his Very Serious Condition, careful not to remove himself from the equation but also not to change it. jungkook cooks because namjoon isn't allowed and yoongi often doesn't feel like it. when they are between ports and just drifting, there is enough time for yoongi to relax despite everything. he makes a music box but because he has no song for it, leaves it open on his work table. one night jungkook pokes his head into his work room and says, "hungry?" "nah. but thanks."that's as good as a dismissal but jungkook lingers, still awkward with growing, still painstakingly obvious with how he gravitates to where yoongi sits, moves closer to him and tries to make it look casual, tries not to stare at yoongi's hands or eyes or yoongi's anything as he says, "what's this for?"and it's only because jungkook isn't looking at him that yoongi can look at jungkook, appreciate the long dark curves of his eyelashes and reply, "i'm not sure yet."later when jungkook has retired to his bunk, namjoon drops in, looks at the music box and arches a brow."i haven't seen one of these since the day you tried to shoot me."yoongi visibly ruffles. "you tried to shoot me too!" calm, infuriatingly calm in fact, namjoon drapes an arm over yoongi's shoulders and laughs. "i'm kidding. it's beautiful though honestly...you never made stuff like this before though. on the ship, i mean." it doesn't take a genius to figure out what he's getting at, which is funny only because namjoon is  a genius (yes, yoongi looked him up years ago and sat agog for some time at the ex captain's illustrious background.) "i was bored. we've been drifting for weeks." he's not whining. much. "it's been a week and a half, and you're going to have to tell him someday."yoongi makes to shove namjoon off but namjoon is surprisingly strong for all his long long limbs and soft stature. he stays put. yoongi sighs."i don't want..." he scowls at the space beside the music box. namjoon waits. "...i don't want it to be weird.""and?"reaching out, yoongi carefully closes the lid of the songless box and says, "...what if he leaves?"the way namjoon angles his head, it puts him at a low enough position to peer up at yoongi as he says, "then he leaves. but 1. i don't think he will and 2?"yoongi stares back. "2?""2. doesn't he deserve to know anyway?"cradling the wooden box, yoongi traces the lid's engravings over and over.*on a planet made mostly of ocean, jungkook floats on his back and if yoongi narrows his eyes just so, he almost loses jungkook in the reflection of the stars. he lets him drift like some kind of lullaby just for him until he starts to drift in the wrong direction (away), but rather than call to him, yoongi treads through liquid starlight until he can rest one hand on jungkook's shoulder, steering him back towards their idling ship. "yoongi?" he blinks, drowsy enough that he just lets yoongi move him how he ought to, aware with all due softness of the sky above them and how in his head it isn't so different from the sea."relax." pause.  "i've got you."jungkook closes his eyes.*in a city that never sleeps, the three wanderers climb the highest tower and hide behind the massive time-face -- an antique of bygone centuries yoongi explains, typical of institutions accustomed to glorifying themselves. behind the roman numerals, namjoon slumps tiredly. every time he thinks they have moved beyond this aspect of their lives, it resurfaces and maybe it is foolish to believe they could ever be free but namjoon has a penchant for longshots. a backward glance shows search-lights still scanning the area; a glance to his left shows jungkook wide-eyed, his hands gripped tight on his scrappy knees."what did you do?" he asks for the first time.yoongi blinks. "nothing serious."namjoon snorts. it sounds suspiciously like 'yeah right.'* the first crime yoongi ever commits is stealing the discards out of a waystation diner. but the first crime anyone notices is when yoongi disables the central component to the government's intelligence -- its infrastructure hung by three key lynchpins that yoongi reprograms. by all rights it ought not have been possible. yoongi is barely twenty and barely surviving but his brain is the way it remains even now: indelible and diamond sharp, burning so bright it might leave nothing left in the end but unable to stop. corrupt government officials names are mysteriously leaked (revealed, dead and center) faster than even the savviest of government specialists can possibly account for, and by the end of yoongi's deft onslaught, he is a wanted criminal galaxy-wide.'suga' they call him, a byproduct of the code stealing into every database. "should've thought about that," yoongi mutters to himself, watching his name flicker through news bulletin after news bulletin. * "but why?" jungkook asks him. they're crowded onto the tiny ragged excuse for a sofa in what equates to a common area in the ship. jungkook has his head on yoongi's thigh and yoongi has his fingers in jungkook's hair and it's quiet. namjoon has gone out to pick up some parts yoongi tasked him with getting and some food jungkook wants but was too self-conscious to ask for outright. (namjoon knows of course because namjoon notices these things whether jungkook speaks about them or not; and if namjoon misses something, yoongi catches it.) to conserve energy the lights are dim and as is often the case with space travel, time is a loose concept. jungkook fades in and out of half-wakefulness, turns and presses his face until it's close to yoongi's stomach. and they aren't more than this.they aren't.but yoongi catches himself halfway through leaning down to kiss jungkook good night, catches and stops himself, lets his voice hush across jungkook's forehead instead, says,"go to sleep."*unlike namjoon, yoongi did not lose his parents by accident. unlike jungkook, yoongi did not run because necessity demanded it. everything he has done, has been a choice he did not have to make. sometimes he checks in on his family through the news -- relieved to see his brother is doing fine enough, a little sad about the rest but that particular sadness burns a touch less each coming year. yoongi thinks about his place in the min family, about the girl who was supposed to be his bride and join the two wealthiest families that side of the daegu colony. he thinks about these things and he thinks about how he knew before he met her that he could not love her and how impossible that made things. he hears his parents saying it doesn't matter -- that it's a business of lineage not love -- and shakes his head as if to clear it."here's the extra boards you wanted i--" jungkook stops short, arms chockfull of litmus boards and a couple extra torches. his brow furrows. "did something happen?"yoongi looks up at him from his bench. jungkook has a streak of what is probably energy crystal residue across one cheek. it sparkles ever so slightly in the faint flicker light of yoongi's work-room. and it makes jungkook who is already beautiful -- shockingly beautiful, alive-in-every-sense-of-the-word beautiful -- seem almost unreal. something throbs in yoongi's chest, feels tight and heavy and borderline too much. hurts. "yoongi?" jungkook steps closer, arms still held tight to him. "thanks," he says, gently removes the pieces threatening to fall first, then the rest, splaying them on the table in no special order. poorly hidden beneath stray schematics for a near-future upgrade and other smaller side projects, a wooden box still sleeps; except now it has the bare beginnings of a song, and jungkook can't possibly see it, can't possibly know, but the way his eyes linger on that corner of yoongi's space is enough to leave him anxious. "when're we taking off?""joon says within the hour.""alright."jungkook's hands twitch at his sides.if yoongi were to guess, he would say they're looking for something to hold.it's a feeling he's familiar with.* when they need to, they take jobs -- fetch this, destroy this, find this. so on, so forth. jungkook happens to have an uncanny knack for the last, no matter the target. he's good at destroying too but it's both namjoon and yoongi's endeavor to minimize that experience as much as humanly possible. of course, jungkook isn't stupid. he notices, folds his arms in front of himself at one point and says,"i can handle it."not missing a beat, yoongi levels him with a look all things soft. it's not what jungkook expects, which is maybe why he wavers. "you shouldn't have to," namjoon cuts in and uses his captain-voice on top of it, which ex-nays any argument they might have had.as if sensing the real reason for how jungkook's shoulders fall, yoongi breaks his own rule and reaches for his hand.*"doesn't," he huffs, "he," again, "trust me?" jungkook sulks between pushups, and yoongi perched on his back shrugs."it's not about his trust. he feels responsible for you."on this next descent, jungkook just lets himself fall flat, forehead pressed to the ship floor. yoongi tsks; it's dirty but they all are always in need of showers one way or another so it's not that big of a deal. instead he stares down at the fluff of hair sticking up at the back of jungkook's head, finds himself reaching out with one hand to poke it. but he stops short when jungkook's voice sounds again, muffled but there: "but that's not fair.""what's not?" yoongi smooths the hair down, fingertips trailing to jungkook's nape briefly before he draws it back, staunchly ignoring how jungkook goes pliant under the simplest touch.jungkook sighs. "well." yoongi waits. "...i'm responsible for you too, you know."it's ten maybe fifteen minutes of silence later when yoongi climbs off of jungkook's back. he stands and nudges jungkook's shoulder with his foot. shakes his head.time to go. *"what's this one for?" jungkook has namjoon's fleet jacket on, has one fingertip pressed to a silver star with soft chains falling from it, which puts jungkook in mind of constellations but also words like 'travel', words like 'distance', words like 'far away from here'. he's looking in the mirror but he isn't looking at himself. he's watching namjoon whose profile stays carefully there, watching as namjoon raises a hand to the back of his own neck and rubs like he's trying to erase something. "loyalty."*sometimes when they steal things they get caught. this results in pellmell running from one quadrant to the next until they've sufficiently confused their pursuing parties. on one such occasion, yoongi emerges from the engine core with thin red lines down one side of his body -- his neck, his arm, his side, his leg, completist as to have traveled the length of his foot too. jungkook and namjoon clean him up despite protests, despite yoongi saying it doesn't hurt. to which jungkook has the audacity (the fear) to reach out, turn yoongi's face towards him and say,"yes it does."*that's how it is, namjoon thinks, watching those two walk and swim and fly in circles around each other. your pain is my pain.your stars are my stars.always. always.*they take jungkook to the planet of apple orchards for his birthday. this planet is in the season where it is only ever night, which lasts for an average of three to four cycles. when the sun returns the people here have a celebration. leaning carelessly in a high branch of one of the oldest trees, jungkook nibbles on an apple, juice trickling out the corner of his mouth. yoongi watches while trying not to watch and namjoon is busy trying to find a page in a book be brought with him, mumbling to himself about how he was certain that he had dogeared it but apparently not. "so it's a sun festival?" jungkook asks, munching still."er no," namjoon gives up and rests the book face down on his knee, craning his neck to look back and up at jungkook from his considerably lower (and safer) branch. "it's uh, more like. for both. they believe that the night and the day were once people like us. then a war came and they were forbidden. but the night threatened to kill himself," namjoon pauses, hands tightening in his lap. "ah...anyway, the day told him that would make her sad, that even if they couldn't be together forever, maybe 'sometimes' was better than nothing."jungkook frowns from his branch. "like that myth about spring and winter?" the smile namjoon shoots him is wide, warm, and home. "how'd you know about that?""yoongi told me."yoongi sputters something about not remembering. namjoon snorts and jungkook sighs to hide his sadness."something like that. except in this case there's no kidnapping. the day and the night had it better maybe. the night said, i'll send messages to you through your stars, and the day said, i'll keep them warm. the festival is to celebrate their reuniting every year."humming thoughtfully, jungkook lapses into silence for so long that it appears all three of them have drifted off into their own thoughts."can we go? i know we're too late this year but...next year?"yoongi and namjoon open their mouths to answer (yes, of course, definitely) when yoongi's scanner beeps urgently."someone's at our ship," he curses a little then curses a lot as jungkook jumps down to the ground in a crouch. "shit! don't do that. what if you hurt yourself?" yoongi has scrambled down with less athleticism but a paradoxical grace; namjoon is there too, a hand outreached to jungkook who just stands upright, brow arched."i know my limits," he says and it's so quiet, so not exactly like how they're used to jungkook being that it stops them both cold. he takes off without them, which doesn't last long because they fall into step behind him like some kind of too-natural reaction. but the calm, self-possessed look in his eyes stays with them.*'stays' is just another word, sometimes, for 'haunts'.*


[ LOG 59 STAR DATE 90322.1 DESTINATION BAEKJE-X ]
 
the video log opens on namjoon who bows his head as usual then sighs.
"one, two--"
hurried shuffling precedes jeon jungkook hurtling into the frame, catching himself on the back of namjoon's chair; but he's built up so much momentum that he almost goes right over it, and would if not for the hand that pulls back at his shoulder.
"i told you not to run," yoongi's voice can be heard though it takes a second for him to step around into view and settle into his own seat. jungkook stays sort of leaning on namjoon's chair.
"nice of you guys to join me," namjoon says but there's no real criticism there so much as amusement. 
jungkook blushes. yoongi looks away.
"anyway. this log is one shy of sixty. can you believe it?"
"who's going to watch 60 logs of us talking about where we're going?"
"i watch them." jungkook's voice makes them both turn their heads and he tugs at the string that pulls the hood over his head a little closer. "er." he laughs, soft. "i mean i watched your old ones. from before."
before you met me.
it's namjoon's turn to blush a little and yoongi thinks this whole crew is ridiculous, but he has no room to say so when his own ears are burning.
"you're like an old married couple," jungkook says.
yoongi reaches to turn off the camera but doesn't manage to do so before the recording catches namjoon mumbling,
"we're not the ones who are actually married."

*it was, in hindsight, not their best plan. the job: acquire (read: steal) some already ill-gotten tech from a little-known planet not too far from the raining planet. the plan: sneak in, steal, leave. maybe they got too comfortable, their last handful of jobs having gone so smoothly it's almost as if they didn't happen at all save for the numbers in their credit accounts. they had read up on it and yoongi had gotten tons of available information on surveillance about things as mundane as the weather and as unlikely as planet implosion. jungkook had just gotten over some kind of cold/fever mess that had namjoon and yoongi taking turns wiping his brow, changing his bedclothes, and all in all just making sure he was as comfortable as he could be. jungkook had sense of self enough to tell them he was fine, to which at one point namjoon gave him a sharper stare than usual and said, "let us do this. that's an order."jungkook, hazy with fever, let down some of his guard and said with a raspy soft voice, "...sorry."yoongi laid a cold hand against his burning forehead and said, "we know."healed enough, they'd gone into the plan together with every intention of it being quite seamless. what actually happens: an obstacle course of lasers and a language they cannot communicate in, technology that jams their own which means the auto-translator is a lost cause, and the requested items in hand as they run through city streets that look for all the world like they are made of glass. they aren't, and as proven by the less than friendly fire, it's sturdy, some unknown material yoongi would love to get a sample of if they had the time but they don't. they're hitting another long stretch offering no convenient turns or drops when jungkook slips. he's dizzy, not better after all.yoongi doesn't think. he just turns and runs back, grabs at his hands and pulls him up as namjoon notices and runs back too -- namjoon who runs, makes a series of inarticulate sounds and grabs both of their hands in his.it's enough to stop their pursuers still as statues.which makes the whole thing very odd.the three space orphans have no less than fifty odd artillery aimed at them but the looks on the natives' faces crosses the borders of language, looks that scream just one universally understood thing: oh my god.they can't help but stare back at them, all wide-eyed as jungkook's hand twists in yoongi's, both still encompassed by  namjoon's as jungkook whispers, "what just happened?"*"married?!"the word echoes through the ship as yoongi stares at jungkook who stares at the floor.namjoon says, "well. on that planet. apparently."the sound of yoongi walking away is followed by the door sliding shut but jungkook doesn't move at all. eventually namjoon peers over at him from his chair, tired but not without sympathy. talk about a long day."get some rest."and even though they both know how unlikely that is, jungkook nods and goes to his own quarters; lies awake and stares up at the ceiling he himself painted not long after moving in. it's an inaccurate map of sorts, slowly being filled with all the places they have been. certain ones have stars next to them that appear more for aesthetic than science but the truth is they exist somewhere in-between.beside the planet where, somehow, he and yoongi are forever -- are for always -- jungkook paints one brighter than the others.*yoongi doesn't know why he checks the logs. he was there for most of them and he's seen all of namjoon's old ones because when they first moved in together he wanted to be extra sure he wasn't moving in with a good-natured psychopath. it turned out he was moving in with a good-natured self-sacrificing idiot with a knack for flying, which was fine. so what brings him to their video library is anyone's guess. maybe it's because he can't sleep, not since the 'marriage' which jungkook assures him (not very convincingly) didn't mean anything and it's not like they're going back (wanted criminals, married or not, that they are.) maybe it's because...nothing. but yoongi sits in the small alcove adjacent to the cockpit, opens the archive and says,"computer; randomize."and yoongi doesn't believe in fate but some things don't have to be believed to be real.his stare grows soft at the boy on the floating image.  


[ LOG 67 STAR DATE ?????.? DESTINATION ????-? ]
"ah i don't know where we're going. we don't have any jobs and namjoon's not decided and yoongi's avoiding me so." jungkook laughs with sound but without feeling and the space around him is empty not because no one else is there but because that must be how he feels. he's wearing a white short-sleeved shirt and his big bright eyes have shadows beneath them. "i'm doing this because i can't sleep and i don't want to bother anyone but i have to put this somewhere," again the empty laugh. he wrings his hands. "captain... you asked me if i miss home. and i didn't know at the time. i thought about it a lot though. i thought: i should miss it. i should miss home because that's what it should be like. but you know," jungkook shakes his head and looks simultaneously so old and so young and so everything. it aches. "ah...it's not. like that, i mean. i don't miss home, captain." when he raises his head, his eyes glimmer. "i don't miss home. because i'm here...all the time."

  in space, night is day is night is day. yoongi stays staring at the frozen image of jungkook's smile for the rest of whichever it happens to be, grips his own knees a little too tight and thinks:me too.*anchored near a planet whose distant surface gives the impression of crystals, namjoon and yoongi sit and watch. yoongi is in namjoon's chair (his back hurts after working on repairs for so long that day) and namjoon is on the floor leaning back against it, yoongi's knees brushing his shoulders. they used to spend nights like this quite often and while it's less so now, it's still strangely nice. they are waiting for jungkook who, for the first time in over a year, made a request, asked to stop here. after doing a background check on the planet that would shame the actual government, yoongi had said yes and namjoon had agreed and so here they are; waiting. "what do you think he's here for?" yoongi asks, low voice grasping in a way namjoon is sure it's never been before."dunno." a pause. "my guess would be...someone. though."the hum that settles deep in yoongi's chest is agreement. *across a frozen river, jungkook walks carefully because he promised to be careful. through a frozen forest jungkook is respectful because that is what is right. at the foot of a frozen mountain, jungkook kneels down where hundreds and hundreds of flowers grow. in fact, the closer one looks, the more one sees and it becomes apparent the mountain is not covered in snow but these white cold stars, their roots taken so deeply into their planet that to remove them would be a crime. jungkook's breath hangs in the air, cloud after cloud while he takes his time, gathers any freely fallen petals until he has a sizable container of them. out here, where everything seems coated in the obliterating white of winter, they are stark and yet also disappear. by the time he's done his hands are red and numb but it's worth it. as he walks back to the ship, he says to the sky, "told you i'd find them," and hopes, maybe, somehow, somewhere, his brother knows. *stardrops are flowers for hope. they were once known as snowdrops and signified spring. now they grow on a planet made only of winter and jungkook spends long nights deciding what to do with his bounty. his brother told him stories about this flower when they were so much younger -- stories about how snowdrops were said to have curative properties not for things like flu or fever but colder, darker things -- sadness, loneliness, fear. he knows it's not true but the stories stay with him and for that he's grateful. jungkook ends up affixing the petals into the starry sky of his bedroom, and namjoon tells him it's beautiful. he has some left over but doesn't want to waste them, so keeps them carefully stored in a small bowl beneath his bed.*a knock on yoongi's door makes him tense because he knows that knock. namjoon has a tendency to just come in without knocking altogether, after all. on yoongi's work table the wooden box sits, finished inside-and-out, but he doesn't remember to hide it before saying,"yeah?"jungkook shuffles in, hands shoved into the pockets of his over-sized jacket -- a birthday present from namjoon and yoongi, the kind of jacket with enough hidden pockets and useful attributes to serve him for many years, more expensive than jungkook is comfortable with too but they want him to have it and so he does. walking over, jungkook perches on the table as he has a habit of doing and yoongi doesn't stop him -- also a habit.sometimes yoongi hears jungkook singing with namjoon and is unjustifiably sad, has the outrageous thought: but he's married to me. that's when he catches himself and makes sure he's not around either of them for the rest of the day. sometimes yoongi sees jungkook kicking back on the sofa and laughing at an old radio-play and his heart swells the way the stories always warned him about. sometimes yoongi is in his work room and jungkook comes in, sits on his table, kicks his bare feet back and forth and makes yoongi worry about how cold he must be.sometimes."where are your socks?" he sighs."i think we have a sock monster. they keep disappearing."without a thought, yoongi reaches and draws jungkook's feet against him, covers them in his hands which are warm warm warm. angled now, jungkook stares and wants to say a number of things but none of them come out, his mouth slightly parted as he thinks: well this is better anyway. his gaze slides to the box just past yoongi's shoulder and he leans over to reach for it. yoongi doesn't see it fast enough and his hands, previously rubbing heat back into the soles of jungkook's feet, go very very still."this's so pretty," jungkook murmurs appreciatively. "it's the one you were working on, right?" yoongi nods but he isn't looking at his invention. jungkook runs his fingertips over the carefully engraved wood -- the twining vines, leaves, flowers suspiciously like stardrops, follows the rounded corners and down underneath where they pause. "hm?" jungkook turns it over and his eyes brighten. "ah." he turns the silver almond-shaped extension: click, click, click. then he looks over at yoongi, meets his eyes directly for the first time since walking in, as if for permission even as he opens the box.a song plays.jungkook has never heard it before but he'll know it now for as long as he lives.even longer than that.it stops halfway through a third play."i," yoongi says gracelessly. from his perch, jungkook smiles a half smile; and he's never been good at math, has no idea anymore of his chances -- odds for or against -- but he decides then and there, he wants to know. it's the bravest, stupidest thing he's ever done when he slides off the table, closes the tiny distance between them, leans down until they are nose-to-nose and says softly,"you?"yoongi kisses jungkook like he'll never have the opportunity to ever again; he kisses him with his hands gripped at jungkook's waist to hold him there, hold him close, kisses him at all angles to his mouth, his jaw, the delicate dip of his clavicle and right over where his heart beats steady, doesn't realize he's shaking until he feels jungkook's arms around him, feels jungkook press his nose into his hair, hears jungkook say,"me too."yoongi's hands tighten and jungkook smiles and if his eyes are a little wet it's just rain; it's just relief; it's just: yes.thank the stars. it's yes.*the rest of the stardrops go into the music box, and over a year later when everything seems lost, yoongi finds it in jungkook's room next to a ring that jungkook never wore because he was afraid something would happen to it.*"you're doing it all backwards," namjoon informs them."and whose fault is that?"namjoon laughs at yoongi who isn't nearly as ruffled as he's pretending to be.* 


[ LOG 94 STAR DATE 92201.3 DESTINATION HEIAN-K ]
 
the camera has some interference before the distortion dissolves and reveals jungkook leaning on the back of yoongi's chair, his chin resting atop it. one of his hands is carelessly resting near yoongi's elbow. namjoon is just leaning away from the camera and settling back into his seat. he opens his mouth to say something, then looks at yoongi who looks at jungkook who looks back at namjoon.
when they burst into laughter it's a sound that belongs in a person's best memories.
by the time they stop laughing, all their eyes are watering and namjoon is gasping for breath so jungkook pats his back (not that this will help) with one hand (the other still held tight by yoongi.)
"geez," namjoon wheezes, which just sets jungkook off into a new fit of laughter.
the log lasts a good fifteen minutes and change, in total, and for the most part it's just them laughing.

 *in yoongi's bed, jungkook threads his arms around him and whispers into his shoulder, "i'm glad you ran away.""same here," yoongi says, carding his fingers through jungkook's hair. when jungkook tugs on the back of yoongi's shirt, it's the most natural thing in the world for yoongi to turn, crawl up over him just to lean down, press a kiss under jungkook's ear where he's sensitive and secret, press a kiss and add, "but don't do it ever again."*what namjoon wants for his birthday, he tells them while not looking either of them in the eye, is very selfish. because he's not looking at them, namjoon doesn't see how they are both standing with their arms crossed, staring at him in the very human incarnation of skepticism. when namjoon says he's being selfish, it usually isn't true -- in fact jungkook can't recall a single instance in which it was, which almost makes him laugh; but namjoon is so serious that seems mean, so he bites his tongue. yoongi, seeming to sense this, shakes his head vigorously at jungkook who nods: okay okay. yoongi clears his throat."well uh. go ahead. if it's too much, we'll let you know."at his side, jungkook's small smile grows a little bigger because 'we'."um." namjoon hunches his shoulders. he's still ridiculously long and tall but it makes him look younger somehow. "yaa just spit it out!" yoongi does not quite stamp his foot.jungkook elbows him. hard. "i'm sure it's not selfish," jungkook says and yoongi mouths petulantly at him: way to make me the bad guy. jungkook shrugs."ummm."yoongi sighs. *it takes another week or two before namjoon tells them. yoongi proceeds to roll his eyes for three days straight while jungkook tells him to be nice and says to namjoon, "i'm for it. why not?""'why not'," namjoon says a little desperately, "is not a good enough reason."to which yoongi cheekily says: "why not?" and when namjoon appears ready to argue against his own wishes, yoongi reaches out and presses his hand to namjoon's mouth, waving his other hand in dismissal. "seriously. i thought it was going to be really fucking weird and all you want is-----"*they brainstorm. "a bird," namjoon suggests. "for flight.""i want mine small," yoongi says."i don't," jungkook blinks.*jungkook draws out the line art of a folded wing for himself, a clear-cut talon for yoongi, and a sparrowhawk that bears both for namjoon."because we're a part of you now," jungkook says, not looking up from his sketches.as a result, he's doubly surprised when namjoon's arms encircle him from behind, when namjoon presses his face against the top of jungkook's head and seems to awkwardly nod without nodding. behind them yoongi has that feeling he often gets when namjoon and jungkook are close like this: the feeling that he ought to be jealous, that he ought to be angry because that's normal right? but he's not. yoongi walks over, leans his shoulder against both of them somehow and just says,"we're all selfish. didn't you get the memo?"*the artist who inks this connection into their skin is named taehyung. he does it for a good price -- such a good price that yoongi is suspicious but when asked about it, taehyung tilts his head and replies, "but i don't need more than that."they thank him and on their way out, a young man with a glimmering shock of orange hair comes into the shop. the door is closing as jungkook hears him say:"you look happy."taehyung laughs, a wide open sound. "well i had a good day."and he gets it. he really does.* sometimes, drifting, they lose track of time.what they never lose track of: each other.*around them the sky whispers from pink to lavender and the fall of some unnamed flower makes it look like snow, except this planet is never anything near so cold as to freeze the rain. not that it rains here either. which leaves the blossoming trees as something of a mystery. namjoon claims this is good for the universe -- that not everything should make sense. yoongi thinks that if everything made sense there would be less strife in the world. jungkook isn't listening, is busy trying to catch the petals lazing through the air one by one. they are never as close as they appear however and he only manages to grab a few. one he gives to namjoon, one to yoongi, and one he keeps."this is the kind of day," namjoon says softly, all three of them lying down in the unending field, flowers rising like trees on either side of them, "i love the most."they stay until nightfall when the pinks and lavenders have matured into ceruleans and teals. as they stand, yoongi reaches to brush stray flowers and leaves out of jungkook's hair, but jungkook leaves the flowers in yoongi's. he kisses yoongi on the cheek before running to catch up with namjoon to ask him where they're off to next.yoongi follows, and the comfortable smile stays long past the moment.*some nights, yoongi murmurs, "pretty," and, with one callused fingertip, traces the wing on jungkook's back, jungkook who sighs under yoongi's one word as much as his touch.*some nights, jungkook sleeps deep and yoongi can't, so yoongi tucks the covers around him, kisses his temple, and leaves to find namjoon -- inevitably awake also. they talk or don't talk. namjoon reads him a passage from a new old relic. yoongi plays him a song on a mechanized simulacrum of an instrument called 'piano'. and it's just like old times in the best ways, and not at all like old times.also in the best ways.*some nights namjoon is alone but not lonely. namjoon makes a log, reads a book, watches the passing stars and knows: this is where i wanted to be.all along.*'forever' is subjective. if namjoon had ever thought to ask jungkook what he thought it meant, jungkook would have told him that he thought 'forever' was just another word for 'right now'. but namjoon never gets to ask him and in the years to come finds himself looking in shadowboxes and forgotten moons for the answer instead. never really finds it.*red means danger, means fatality. but the ship has been red before and they've escaped alive, seen another year; so they have no reason to believe things will be any different when out of nowhere unmarked aggressors target them. they pause at the heart of the ship before rushing -- namjoon to the cockpit, jungkook to his own arm of the ship where the weaponry lays ready, yoongi to the cockpit as well to support namjoon. they have no reason to expect that it's not anyone's past that will be their undoing, but a complete stranger's greed and violence instead. they have no reason.so when the ship starts to fail -- glaring with battered weak points, bruised with a last stand -- it's already more than that when jungkook's voice crackles over the intercom,"i have an idea."*yoongi shouldn't have let him. namjoon shouldn't have let him. they argue about it until they have no voices left. *but right before that, jungkook slips impossibly lithe and agile beneath the half fallen engine core where his nimble fingers do what needs to be done, jungkook keeps the promise he made to himself when he first moved onto this ship and knew before maybe either yoongi or namjoon: this is it. as the sparks make a burning rain and the ship makes the jump it needs to in order to survive, the silence of space makes the last explosion a nightmare.the ship is still dying but jungkook is dying too. namjoon does his best to shield yoongi and jungkook from the yet falling fire and scrap metal while crying like there's nothing else he's capable of doing anymore. yoongi's hands are all over jungkook as if he could heal him by touching him and yoongi would give his own life for that to be true but jungkook wouldn't want that. yoongi kisses jungkook, tastes blood and cinder, tastes death's proximity and screams soundless into his skin. don't die.please don't die,*months later find yoongi zipping up his one bag and slipping it onto his shoulder. as he pauses at the door of his own workroom, he looks at his feet instead of looking back, punches in the code that will lock it even from namjoon himself, and walks away.*namjoon isn't surprised to find yoongi gone but it hurts regardless. as he lowers himself into his chair, he puts his face into his hands and prays to no one.he only looks up when the door slides open, a familiar footfall loud in the quiet ship -- restored as much as it could be.behind him, waiting, is a ghost."where are we going?" the ghost asks.swallowing a sharp heaviness, namjoon rests his hands on his knees, looks forward even as he feels the ghost pause behind his chair. there are no jobs. there are no destinations for the sake of sharing places with the ones he loves. which leaves only one answer. namjoon coughs, turns, and looks up at a familiar face, a familiar quiet mouth, and two eyes -- one brown, one gray. looks up, breathes softly, and says:"anywhere."  *



Afterword


Works inspired by this one

shooting stars by milkymins



Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



