



Striped Dreams - VoidDragonQueen - Persona 5
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Striped Dreams
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17306285.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M, Multi
Fandom:
Persona 5
Relationship:
Kurusu Akira/Loki, Akechi Goro/Kurusu Akira, Akechi Goro/Persona 5 Protagonist
Character:
Kurusu Akira, Loki (Persona 5), Akechi Goro
Additional Tags:
Wet Dream, Multiple Orgasms, Orgasm Delay/Denial, Marathon Sex, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, Blow Jobs, Anal Sex, Light Bondage, Begging, Creampie, Overstimulation, Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, sexual betting, Size Queen Akira, this is also self-indulgent as fuck lmao, Anal Fingering, Master/Pet, Deepthroating, Rough Sex, Bondage, Sex Toys, Threesome - M/M/M, still self-indulgent as fuck lmao, Dont copy to another site
Stats:

        Published: 2019-01-05
          Completed: 2019-04-22
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 8128
      

Striped Dreams
by VoidDragonQueen
Summary
Akira sees someone for the first time in a long time. He gets teased, and despite his better judgement, makes a bet. A bet he is sure to lose.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes





Chapter 1



Akira was running for what felt like hours. From what, he didn't know. He could feel himself being chased, and that was all that got him running in the first place. Surroundings familiar, he turned a corner, watching the hallway grow dark around him. Still, the something followed him, persistent, relentless. He finally caught on that he was running inside a ship of some sort. Something massive. He kept running, no time to stop and think. His pursuer was close on his heels, sounding like it was gaining on him. He turned a corner, skidding to a stop before he ran head first into steel.  "Shit." He hissed, spinning around as the footsteps came closer.  He couldn't see anything at all. He turned back to the metal wall, taking a step back. Something was nagging at him about it, and touching it filled him with shuddering dread.  This was the divider that killed Akechi. Akechi sacrificed himself here, but now, Akira was on the other side of it, with Akechi nowhere in sight.  Akira swore again, starting to spin back around. The something pushed him up against the divider, making him grunt as his mask was forcibly and suddenly pressed into the bridge of his nose, cutting it. Breath warm and gravelly brushed over his ear as its owner hissed.  "Well hello, Magpie. Fancy seeing you here."  That voice sounded familiar. Akira struggled to turn his head, his pursuer tightening their grip and holding him in place. Akira huffed, giving that up for the time being.  "If you're going to kill me, then at least show your face, coward."  Another hand grabbed one of his wrists, yanking it backwards. He felt himself turned around, back shoved up against the wall, effectively pinned. His stomach fluttered as he stared at the dizzying black and white creature before him.  "Loki?"  "The one and only." Loki cocked his head, and continued, chuckling. "You look like you've seen a ghost, Magpie."  Akira shut his mouth, realizing he was gaping at him. Loki shifted closer, hands releasing his shoulders only to pin him by the hips, shoving him back into the wall. Akira struggled in his grasp.  "What's the rush, darling? I thought you wanted to have some fun?"  Akira paused, staring at him, confused for a split second. Only then that he realized Loki was shifting and squeezing his hands along his hips and thigh, making him blush. He glanced around, hoping for someone, even a shadow, just so that he wasn't imagining this. He felt himself get warmer by the second, fighting to keep his blush down to a minimum.  "Where is he?"  "My master, I presume? Watching. He doesn't want to interrupt us."  Akira looked around, this time less panicked, only to see Akechi standing off to the side, arms crossed, leaning against the wall. He was far enough away to give them the illusion of privacy, if Loki hadn't drawn attention to his presence. His attention was brought back to Loki as fingers carefully brushed over his quickly hardening cock, slightly embarrassed at the little gasp he gave him.  "It's been a long time, hasn't it? Dandy is nice, but he's not going to give you what you really, really want." Loki purred.  Akira swallowed. It had been a long time since he's even masturbated, ever since Morgana had come home with him. He's never left alone long enough, even in the shower. He locked eyes with Akechi, whose gaze remained blank and unreadable.  "Will he join us?" Akira asked, cheeks flushing redder.  "Depends. Better give him a show, Magpie."  "Never knew you were ever interested in me, Loki."  "Who am I to deny myself a little fun every now and again?"  Loki kissed him, Akira deepening the kiss almost on instinct. He felt himself lifted up by his hands, held tight, back pressed even harder against the wall. Akira ripped himself away, panting, Loki moving on to his neck and collarbone. Clothing carefully shoved aside, Akira himself lifted up further as he went down, leaving bites and hickeys in his wake.  "Do you- ngh- think I'm desperate, or something?"  "You sure sound desperate, my dear."  "I- mn!- am not." Akira muffled his gasps and soft groans as much as he could. "Even if I was, do you re- mn- really think I'll be screaming your nam- mn!"  Akira couldn't help to let out a moan as Loki wormed his tongue down into his pants and wrapped it around his dick, giving a pleased hum. He slowly retracted it, making Akira shiver from pleasure and almost whine, but he bit his tongue before he could.  "What was that? I won't have you screaming my name? Give me a few minutes and I will in no time."  "I doubt it."  "Is that a challenge? It won't be very long, I can tell you now."  "Try me."  Loki laughs, putting him down near the ground to tower over him.  "Always the defiant one, but you won't last more than a few rounds."  "Willing to make that bet?"  "As a matter of fact, I am. And what will the loser have to do, hmm?"  "Loser has to be the winner's for a full twenty-four hours, and do whatever the winner wants."  "Challenge accepted. But, first, how about we make this fair?"  Loki slid over to Akechi, who quickly does some hand motions and hands him something. Loki comes back with a few of Akechi's belts, dropping all but one onto the ground. Loki starts tugging at his pants, Akira helping him take them off. The boxers came off next, or rather, were torn off by Loki's sudden impatience now that he was close to his prize. Loki plucked the handkerchief out of his jacket, looping the belt around his dick. He tucked it behind the buckle before he tightened the belt, the leather and metal digging into him, though the cloth lessened it.  "There. Now you won't cum until one of us gives up."  "Why? Don't think I have the stamina?"  "Not to keep up with me. Now," Loki says, pushing down on his shoulder until he kneeled down. "You should do something else with that mouth instead of boasting."  "You're one to talk." Akira muttered.  His eyes trailed down to a long, striped cock, Loki pushing it towards his face, half hard already. Akira parted his lips, taking in the tip, experimenting. It was thicker than it looked. He felt claws barely skim over his scalp as Loki grabbed his hair. Akira went farther down, trying to relax his throat as much as possible. He felt himself gag a little, barely a third way down it, pulling back a little. He could feel Loki was itching to pull him closer as he gripped tighter, hair tugged in the process. Akira moaned around him, starting to slide up and down, bunching up the ends of his coat in his hands.  "Good boy." Loki purred, spurring Akira to go faster.  Akira hummed, closing his eyes for a moment, enjoying himself. Loki tugged his hair roughly, Akira grunting. Loki started to get a bit impatient, thrusting in time with Akira's movement, Akira's eyes widening in surprise. He gave another pleased hum as he noticed Loki was only pushing in as far as he could handle him.  "If you would kindly swallow, thief." Loki muttered as his only warning.  Akira swallowed as much as he could before pulling off, coughing a little. Streaks decorated his face and mask, Akira huffing as the belt kept him on edge. Loki picked him up again, pressing him into the steel barrier. He wrapped an around his waist, holding him up as he slid two fingers into his mouth. Akira licked them, relaxing as Loki thrusted them in and out of his mouth before removing them. He shifted his grip, circling his entrance before sliding one of his fingers in. Akira gasped, feeling it work him open and go farther in.  "Relax."  Loki added another finger, opening him up even more. Akira dug his nails into his biceps, moaning as he found his sweet spot.  "There. Right there." He stammered as Loki went a bit faster.  Akira slouched forward as Loki removed his fingers from him, moving him. Akira felt him press the tip to his entrance, lining himself up, tightening his grip on his hips.  "Hope you're ready, little bird. I don't give up easily, especially when something so sweet is on the line."  "Bring it."  Loki grinned, entering him. Akira gasped, feeling it keep going up. He squirmed, the cock pushing farther, pressing against his sweet spot. He moaned as he went even further, arching his back.  "I'm not even all the way in yet."  "Ngh-! Big, so big. So so big."  Loki finally stopped, Akira getting painfully hard as the belt kept him from cumming from the sheer sensation of being filled by him. Loki let out a whistle.  "Didn't think you could take all of it. This changes everything."  Loki started slow, cock sliding in and out, Akira throwing his head back and crying out in pleasure, having given up on muffling himself.  "Hah, fa- ah! Faster!"  "For someone who says he isn't desperate..." Loki teased, obliging him.  Akira dug his nails in, scratching down his arms. He was noisy, head lolling back a little and rolling around to see Akechi, gasping and moaning with no shame. Akechi had shifted, alert, but still obscured by shadow. The ghost of a smile was on his lips, watching Loki starting to ruin him. There was no warning this time as Loki went deep inside him and came, leaving scratches on his hips as he came. Akira cried out before he slumped forward, shuddering. He mewled as Loki started thrusting into him again, faster this time, the cum making it easier for him.  "Come on, Magpie, you can't be getting tired this early."  "Hah, no, mnph! Never."  Loki laughed, starting again.
  Akechi had gotten a bit closer, still neutral, as he watched Akira's current predicament. Loki had moved the two of them from the wall to the floor, lying on his back, hands resting on Akira's hips as Akira rode him almost desperately. Akira was shaky,the two of them having gone quite a few more rounds, trying to keep his current fast pace up. A little of Loki's mess had escaped him, running down his legs as a consequence of them moving. He made the mistake of making eye contact with Akechi, coming to a stop and crying out. He was panting hard, shivering as Loki experimentally shifted his hips.  "Almost there, Magpie. Keep going. Unless you need my help?"  "Nno. Stay." Akira grunted, starting again, slower.  He rose and sank down on him, eventually getting faster, a burst of new energy due to spite. Loki was singing his praises, making him blush. Loki forcefully yanked their hips together a few times, cumming inside him. Akira moaned softly, touching himself, losing the willpower to not mess with the makeshift cock ring. He started to try and loosen it sneakily. Loki suddenly pulled him up and off, shifting, pressing him into the floor, arms pinned straight out, almost folding him in half. Akira whined, struggling against his hold.  "No touching." Loki growled, shoving himself back inside.  "Ah! Unf, unfair." Akira half whined, half groaned.  "Why? It's only round twenty. Getting tired so soon, Magpie? Ready to give up?"  "You wish."  Akira howled in pleasure as Loki started thrusting deep and rough, not being able to do anything but take his cock. He turned to see Akechi scrunch his eyebrows in concern, only to relax when he saw the look on Akira's face.  "Ah, Ak- akeshi! Ah- kah!" Akira beckoned, stuttering, making intense eye contact as much as he could with how hard Loki was thrusting into him.  Akechi shook his head, taking a step back. Akira's disappointment was brief as Loki orgasmed inside him again, snapping his attention back to the persona and moaning wantonly. He released his arms briefly, going to readjust their bodies, Akira giving into temptation and trying to undo the belt again. Loki huffs and pins his hands above him again.  "I said no touching, Magpie."  "Fuck you."  "As you wish."  Akira hears something slide across the ground towards them, craning his neck to try and see what it was. Loki shifted so both his hands were held by one of his, picking the object up with his newly freed hand. The belt buckle glinted in the light, and Akira had a feeling what this one was going to be for. Loki slid the belt under his pinned wrists, tying them together tightly. He double checked, strengthening the knot and yanking the remaining loose material up, pleased Akira's hands came up with it. He spun the two of them around, tying the remaining belt to some horizontal pipes within his reach. Akira tugged, trying to free himself but failing.  "Naughty boy gets restrained. " Loki snickered, starting in on him again.  Akira moaned louder, knowing this was the start of quite a few more rounds. He had hoped Akechi would join in soon, desperately craving his touch.   "Surely you could do better than this, Joker." Loki taunted him, pulling the wrist restraints taut, pulling him further outwards.  Akira could not talk, the sounds he was making as Loki mounted him were obscene. The coat was finally removed from him after a while, placed under his knees to lessen the scrapes he would be getting on the metal floor. Akira had lost count of how many rounds somewhere around thirty-five, Loki relentless. Loki's other hand was tight around his waist, keeping in time with his thrusts. Akechi had gotten closer, but still out of reach. He was pretty ruined at this point. Akira still weakly bucked his hips backwards, whimpering. He had been kept on edge for so long, every touch on his skin was amplified, his erection really painful at this point. Loki shudders, Akira dropping his head as more cum filled him, letting out a desperate whine.  "Let... let me cum..." He begged hoarsely.  "Say my name and I'll let you." Loki hissed into his ear.  Akira was so full, but his pride would not let him give in. He's gotten this far. He's hellbent on having Loki cave first.  "No." He whispered.  "Still so confident, even like this?" Loki snorted as he a shallow thrust into him, making Akira groan.  He shifted them again, one of Akira's legs folded up and into him as Akira was rolled onto his side. His hand released the wrist restraint, moving to his throat and giving just enough pressure to hold him down. Akira gasped as he began again, needy noises coming from his mouth.  "You really are a fool."   "Hn- ah, please, please let me- eee! Hah, cum, let me cum, ngh." Akira squeaked, held in place by Loki's hand.  Akira's back is pressed into the floor, the belt his wrists are tied up in held tight over his head by Akechi kneeling over him, Loki practically having folded him in half again, thrusting harshly.  "Tsk, tsk tsk. Needy little Magpie. You know what you need to say." Loki purrs, slowing down just to draw a whine from him.  "Not, not fair." He groaned.  "Come now. Surely, the Great Phantom Thieves’ leader could handle a change in pace." Loki slowed down further, thrusts shallow, Akira whining louder.  "Please. Please." Akira begged, squirming to try and get his cock buried deeper in him to no avail.  "Please what? I can't give it to you if you don't speak up." Loki teases, giving him one particularly rough thrust.  "Fuck me! " He squealed, clenching his fists as Loki gave him another hard thrust amongst his torturously slow pace. "L- hnh- Lo-ki! Ple- ee!"  Loki stopped completely, grinning. Akira gave a desperate cry, squirming needily in their hold.  "Color me impressed Magpie. You went ninety-nine rounds and only cracked on the hundreth one." Loki chuckled as he squeezed Akira's ass, pressing his legs farther down, pushing his flexibility.  "Loki please! Please please please!" Akira begged, arching his back as much as he could with both of them holding him down.  "Master, maybe you should reward the little thief? He's been so good after all." Loki tilted his head, smiling as Akechi let go.  Akira watched as Akechi worked his striped outfit open to free his own hard cock, sliding his hand under Akira's head. He glanced at Loki, who pulled back a little, letting Akira's legs fall to around his hips as he lifted Akira up off the floor. Akechi moved to support him while pressing his cock to his lips.  "Be gentle." He murmured, pushing inside Akira's pliant mouth as he titled his head upwards.  Akira groaned as Loki started again, greedily pushing Akechi's cock down his throat, a bit sloppy. Akechi let out a soft moan, thrusting gently into his throat. The different paces they had set, Akechi gentle and slow and Loki hard and fast was making Akira lose his mind. He felt a hand tug at the belt around his own cock a few minutes later, hearing the belt clatter to the floor. He shuddered as he came almost immediately, moaning around Akechi. He could feel himself covered in his own cum, enjoying every moment of his orgasm. Akira could see Akechi shudder, knowing he was close.  "C- cumming." Akechi warned before he came, Akira swallowing it eagerly.  Loki paused, waiting for Akira to finish and pull off Akechi before shifting their position again, pressing Akira back into the floor. Loki went hard and fast, Akira mewling and letting out half choked moans, gone to pleasure. Loki gave no warning, shoving himself deep inside and adding to the mess that was already in Akira, moaning.  "And 100." He snickered after he finished, pulling out of him and admiring his handiwork.  Akira was gasping, too boneless to get up or move as Akechi cradled him against his chest. Cum slowly poured out of him, knowing deep down he wasn't gonna be satisfied with anyone else now. He felt the belt slipped off his wrists, humming appreciatively. Akechi tsked at Loki, shaking his head.  "You didn't have to go this hard on him."  "We made a bet and I wasn't going to lose it. Besides, he enjoyed himself, didn't you, Magpie?"  Akira nodded slowly, closing his eyes. He could feel Akechi getting up, carrying him bridal style in his arms.  "Let's get you cleaned up."   A blaring alarm became quieter as Akira smacked the clock to the floor, groaning. He was back in his own room again, Akechi and Loki nowhere to be found. He could feel the mess in his pants as he got up to shower, turning off the alarm along the way. He could hear Morgana jump down, yawning as he followed.  It was such a shame too, because that was such a pleasant dream, even more so than usual. He was relaxed, no longer pent up. Usually, Akechi was never an active participant in Akira's dreams, either asleep or observing. It was a nice change of pace. Shower turned on, door closed, Akira stripped, slightly disappointed he was mostly clean and untouched, just a few leftover scratches and bruises from his time in the Metaverse. He hoped he would have another dream like that soon.



Chapter 2
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





He was disappointed he hasn't had another dream like that yet. Akira was getting a bit impatient. 



Maybe the internet can help me.



He looked at many different sites and forums. Lucid dreaming articles. Sex forums. Long distance relationship advice blogs. 


He dug even deeper when Morgana and his parents weren't looking over his shoulder. Help with wet dreams. Help with triggering wet dreams. Lucid dreaming himself into wet dreams with the person of his desire. He realized he was being too desperate now when he was eyeing a forum about having sex with ghosts. He closed all his tabs with a frustrated sigh, turning over to sleep. 


Another dream. Something mild. The only scrap he remembered was passing his friends on the train.


He woke up, squinting at his clock. Three am. He opened the sex toy site he was looking at earlier, getting up as if to go to the bathroom. He orders a few things, looking forward to getting them. He goes back to sleep, school was waiting for him.



It took some time to get his package, but it was worth it. Of course, with Morgana around, he couldn't really open it in his room. He would ask too many questions that Akira couldn't answer. He took the box into the bathroom once Morgana got scooped up by his dad looking to cuddle, Morgana loudly protesting. A tiny vibrator, a couple of leather cock rings of different sizes, lube, and a dildo, black and white striped. It couldn't quite compare to the real thing, but it was the closest he could get in reality. Akira closed it, deciding to bury it deep inside his closet for the time being.



His parents are downstairs trying to corral Morgana into going to the vet, being told to close a bunch of doors on his way up. Akira seized this opportunity to be undisturbed. He quickly fishes out the dildo, a condom, and his lube, going into the bathroom. He shuts and locks the door, starting to undress. Once stripped, he brings the dildo into the shower with him, putting the lube and condom within reach. He hears the close of a cat carrier, and then the front door closing. He trails his fingers lovingly up the toy before sticking it to the wall. He needed practice if there was going to be a next time. He wrapped his lips around it, going slow. He got about halfway before choking, pulling back. He tried a few more times to go farther than halfway, pulling off of it after the fourth attempt, saliva rolling down his chin. 



Just have to go for it.



 Akira put his lips on the tip again before he relaxed his throat as much as he could and slid down it. His dick twitched as he choked and forced himself to stay there for a minute or two. He wrapped a hand around his dick, not wanting to cum just yet. He slid up and down, trying to push himself farther down every time he went forward.



Loki would praise me for trying.



He felt his face flush at the thought, pulling off the dildo again to catch his breath. He coughed a little, spitting off near the drain. He grabbed the condom, unwrapping it and putting it on the dildo. He took it off the wall and set it on the floor, picking up the bottle of lube. He spread some onto his hand, slathering it over the wrapped dildo. He put more onto his hand, this time laying back against the wall and circling his entrance. He slipped a finger inside, gasping slightly at the feeling. He pushed in deeper, muffling himself with his other hand. He soon pressed a second finger in, and then soon after a third, moaning as he hit his sweet spot. He pulled his fingers out after a couple of thrusts, feeling precum drip down his cock. He angled the dildo, pressing the tip to his entrance, taking a deep breath. He slowly pushed it in, groaning. He stopped for a moment about halfway in, taking a moment to carefully readjust himself before going all the way. He whimpered once he pushed down to the base, taking a few moments to get used to it. He started slow, pulling and pushing, letting out soft moans and gasps. His thoughts drifted back to that vivid dream he had weeks ago. Mostly, the feeling of being completely and utterly ruined by Loki.


“God, Loki… ” He whispered. “F-fuck. Nn… need you.”


He removed the dildo, setting it down, easing himself back down on it. He started riding it, panting hard. He moaned loudly as he sank down completely and came untouched, stilling, shaky.  He lifted himself off, taking a moment to turn on the shower. He shivered as cold water hit him, focusing on cleanup now. He removes the condom, throwing it and the wrapper in the trash. The dildo stayed where it was, being in the path of the shower anyway. Akira watched his cum wash down the drain as he started cleaning himself.



“Why did you let them take me to that awful place?” Morgana hissed at him.


“Look, I’m not gonna argue with my parents. They don’t like me enough as it is. Plus, you have to act natural, you know. I can’t say that you’re a talking cat, they’ll think I’m crazy. I’m lucky they’re letting you stay here at all.”


Morgana huffs, curling up with his back to him, deciding not to talk anymore. Akira turned the lights off, settling down to sleep.



He's back behind Leblanc's counter, apron on and waiting alone. The windows show a dreary night scene, rainy and cold. Akira wants to turn up the heat, but knows Sojiro would just turn it down again. The bell rings, and he looks up to see an umbrella closing, placed carefully by the door. Chestnut hair was pushed behind an ear, a silver briefcase set on the floor near the stool. Akira was already reaching for the brewer to make his usual cup.


“Long time no see.” Akechi smiles at him, innocent.


Akira pours the coffee, pushing it in front of him.


“I'm a little rusty, so forgive me if it's not exactly to your taste any more.”


Akechi brings the cup to his lips, sipping delicately. Akira feels a presence behind him, then a pressure as he's gently pushed into the counter. A black and white striped hand pins his hands to the counter, a breath purring over his ear.


“Hello again Magpie.”


Akira flushes, looking behind to see Loki's form pressing down on him. Loki starts grinding his hips against him, teeth scraping against his neck. Akira squeaks as he humps him into the counter, trying to wiggle his way out. He could feel the poke of his cock against his ass, deciding to stop putting on a front and start grinding back against him. Loki's other hand roamed over his body, finding his pants button and undoing it. He feels Loki pause to pull down his pants slightly before going back to humping him. 


“Wait, not here, Sojiro will kill me.” 


“Oh, who said you were going to cum right now?”


Akira gasped as Loki slipped fingers around him and tightened. A few more moments and Loki stopped, drawing a whine from him. He was picked up, spun around, and then pressed onto the counter. Loki removed his pants before he grabbed his ankles with one hand, lifting them straight up. He slides his cock in between his thighs and stills, Akira swallowing thickly at the sight of it.


“You want this, don't you Magpie?” 


“I want it in me.”


Akira feels fingers close tight around his cock, squirming. Loki started slow, rubbing himself against his thighs. Akira squeaked again as he started to go faster, the counter's edge rubbing uncomfortably into the small of his back.


“Please. Give it to me.” 


Loki tutted at him, tightening his grip. Akira tried to pry his hand off his cock to no avail. 


“Did you forget you lost the bet already Magpie? You're mine to do with as I please.”


He felt his arms pulled backwards, gloved hands closing around his wrists. Akira looked up to see Akechi holding him down.


“Do you want to disappoint me, Akira?”


“No.”


“Then have patience.”


“Why tease me like this? Just take me now.”


“You make the cutest noises when you're desperate, Magpie.”


Akechi moved his hands together, pressing down with his forearm. He removed one of his hands, pressing two fingers into his mouth. Akira sucked on them, hoping to tempt him into taking off the glove. 


“I see you have some new toys, Magpie. Did you mean to mock me?”


Akechi pulled his fingers away so Akira could answer.


“It doesn't compare.”


“We could have a little fun with them.” Akechi murmured, putting his hand on Akira's throat.


“You're not done teasing me, are you?”


“Oh, never. You're fun to tease. But first things first.” Loki purred.


Loki went faster, Akira squirming in their grasp. Loki came all over him, Akira grunting as he was pushed harshly into the counter. Akechi collects some of the cum off of him with his fingers, putting them up to Akira's mouth. Akira cleaned his glove off obediently.


“Good boy.” Akechi murmured.


Loki let go of his legs and shifted forward, letting Akira’s legs fall to around his hips. He could feel his cock twitching with desire, but he lost the bet. 


“You'll continue to be good for us, won't you?” Loki asked.


Akira nodded slowly, leaning into Loki's touch as he stroked his cheek.


“I believe you understand what I want you to do, don't you?”


“You're interested in the cock rings, aren't you?”


“And the little vibrator, of course.”


“What about them?”


“You should be smart enough to figure it out, Joker.” Loki crosses his arms and pulls back. 


“I can get an idea. But you have conditions, I’m assuming?”


“Low vibration, give yourself a little stronger vibration every time you think of me, and no cumming until I say so. Easy enough, yes?”


Akira nodded at him, sighing softly as the two make to leave.



He smacks his alarm several times until he manages to turn it off. He was dreading his day at school now. He gets up anyway, moving to his closet. He glances at Morgana’s sleeping form before reaching for his box. He grabs the smallest cock ring, the vibrator and the lube, putting his school uniform over them and quickly going into the bathroom before Morgana could see. He went to the bathroom first, placing the objects on the counter. He gets dressed, putting the cock ring on first so he wouldn’t cum while it was on, and then lubing up the vibrator and sliding it up to the base. It felt strange at first, especially turning it on low vibration, but it wasn’t too bad. He finished getting dressed, giving a quick brush of his teeth and hair before exiting the bathroom to get his bag for school. Morgana had simply moved from his earlier spot to his pillow.


“Not coming today?”


“Nuh-uh. You betrayed me yesterday.”


Akira sighed and went off to school. He was now grateful that Morgana decided to stay home today. The day was hard, trying to act inconspicuous and fulfill Loki’s order at the same time. The vibrator, though not a very strong one, was still making his cock jump at the stronger setting, the cock ring making it ache from denial. Not like any of his classmates would even look at him anymore since the probation. He gets home as quickly as he could, coming back to an empty house and a note:



Be home late. Mom and Dad.



Akira sighed, starting to figure out what he could make for dinner. Later that night, the vibrator and cock ring were removed right before he went to bed, getting into his pajamas and going right to sleep.



Akechi stroked his face gently, smiling. The attic was a lot warmer with Akechi in his bed, even if Akechi was fully clothed and he wasn’t.


“You did well today.” He purred.


Loki moved towards them, running a hand through Akira’s hair and pulling it, making his head tilt up a little. Akechi moves from the bed, letting Loki take his place.


“We have a surprise for you. But first, put your cock ring back on.”


Akira obeys, fishing it out from the box under his bed. He puts it on exactly the way he had it before, his cock aching. Akechi comes back with several objects in his hand, Loki pulling him into a deep kiss before Akira could get a good look. He hears a bottle of lube being opened, his body being pulled up to give Akechi better access to his ass. He could feel something being inserted into him, Akechi moving again. Something else went in his hair, hearing the soft snap of barrettes. Loki pulled back, cupping his face as something tightens around his neck. The two step back, giving Akira an unobstructed view of his mirror. Black dog ears, a red collar, and a matching tail buttplug with a little red ribbon was now his outfit along with the leather cock ring.


“Do you like it? It’s especially for you.” Akechi purrs, starting to strip.


Akira’s view was blocked by Loki, pulling him into another deep kiss. Akira felt him pull back, shoulders gripped tight.


“You'll be good for your masters, now won't you?”


“Y-... yes.”


“Good. Good boys get a treat, after all. Now, on your back.”


Akira laid down on his bed as he was told. Loki positioned himself, his cock already half hard.


“Have you been practicing, Magpie?”


“When I can.”


Much to Akira's disappointment, Akechi had only simply removed the gloves and jacket, partially unbuttoning his dress shirt. He got onto the bed, positioning himself behind Akira and prying open his legs. Akechi rubs his erection right up against his own dick, pesky fabric separating the two of them. Loki pulls him a little so his head hung off the edge of the bed. Akechi pinned his legs down, making sure Akira didn't move.


 “Hmmph. Open.”


Akira opened his mouth, Loki pushing inside it. He pushed down to about a third of him, giving a pleased hum when Akira didn't choke. He made an attempt to go even further, Akira starting to choke, his cock twitching. Loki pulled back to where it was before.


“A pity. But I'll train you yet.”


Loki started thrusting into his throat. Akira moaned around him, trying to buck his hips up as Akechi teases his cock.


“You love choking on him, don't you?”


“Mmph!”


Akechi slowly teases him more as Loki moved, Akira squirming a little in their hold. 


“Swallow.”


Loki pulled back a little before he came down his throat, not letting up until Akira did as he was told. He pulled out, Akira panting. Loki let him catch his breath before he shoved back into his throat again, pushing farther. He got to almost halfway this time without gagging, gripping the sheets tight. 


“What a good boy you are, Joker.”


Loki thrusted into his mouth again, Akira moaning around him. Akechi held him down tight, Akira humming. Loki stilled for a moment, making him gag as he was a little more than halfway down his throat. A few tears rolled down his face, Akira squirming again.


“Relax. You can take it.”


Loki pulled back after another moment, giving shallow thrusts until he orgasmed again, Akira swallowing thickly. Loki pulled out again, cum and saliva dripping off his cock and onto Akira's face.


“Hey, come here, on your knees.” Loki demanded, pointing to the floor.


Akechi let go so Akira could scramble down to the floor, looking up at Loki.


“Master, don't you want to claim his throat too?”


Akechi stood up, walking in front of him, smirking. He pressed close to his face, hands undoing his pants button.


“Zipper.”


Akira started to reach with his hands, but Akechi pushed them away.


“With your teeth.”


Akira obeyed, slowly unzipping his pants. Akechi kicked them off, then the boxers followed. He grabbed his hair, pulling back.


“How rough do you want it?”


“As rough as you wish, master.”


Akechi smiled gently before shoving his cock down his throat. Akira moaned around him, his head being pulled in time with the thrusts. 


“Good boy.”


Akira humps the floor, whining desperately around him. Akechi moans, thrusts starting to get erratic. He shuddered after a few more thrusts, cumming with no verbal warning. Akira is disappointed when Akechi pulls out for the last few spurts to cum onto his face. Loki presses something to his cock, glancing down to see him wrap the vibrator against him.


“Master?”


Loki wordlessly activates the vibrator on low, making Akira groan. Akira starts to reach for his cock, only for Akechi to grab his wrists and bend his arms behind his back. Loki grabs a fistful of his locks and pulls back, tilting his head so he was staring straight at the ceiling. Loki leaned over him, pressing the tip against his lips.


“One more time. I bet we can go farther this time around.”


Akira opens his mouth, Loki leaning forward, grip tightening to keep his head in place. The cock goes deep into his throat, gagging a little as Loki forced it farther. He heard a click behind him before the vibration got stronger, eyes widening and starting to squirm. Loki chuckled and continued pushing down him, determined. Akira could feel precum coating his cock and the inside of his thighs, starting to drip onto the floor.


“Tch, making a mess already, Kurusu?” Akechi hissed into his ear, moving his lips down to where his neck met his shoulder and biting hard. 


Akira grunted, Akechi humming a pleased note against his skin. Loki paused for a moment, Akira squeezing his eyes shut, feeling a couple tears roll down his face. He started slow, pulling almost all the way out before pushing back down just as far. Akira rolled his hips weakly, restrained by both of them. He kept the same pace, taking a good chunk of time before Loki pulled out and Akechi yanked him backwards, Loki jerking himself off all over his body, cum everywhere. Akira coughed, struggling to catch his breath.


“Once you’re ready, clean up the mess.”


Akira opened his eyes once his breathing was even again, feeling Akechi let go. He got on his hands and knees, lapping up the cum off the floor. 


“Good boy. Now lay on your back.” Akechi demanded.


Akira did so, not sure what he wanted. He mercifully turns off the vibrator before completely unbuttoning his shirt. He positions himself over him, grabbing both of their cocks and jerking them off at the same time. Akira hiccups, his cock twitching with need as Akechi moans over his mouth. He slides further down, foreheads touching, his hand getting faster as more precum covered his cock. Akira started bucking into his hand and whimpering, desperation to cum rising. Akechi shuddered, cumming all over him. He pulled away smiling softly.


“Enjoying being used like this?”


“Yes. More. Please.”


Akira hears a click, whining as the vibrator started up again, his hips pinned down quickly so he couldn’t buck his hips. He feels his wrists pinned against the floor, letting up a gasp as he couldn't move very well to relieve himself. Akechi nips at his neck, grinning.


“Mn-! Mm, p, pleee-! Please not again!” 


“You aren’t fooling us, Magpie. You went ninety-nine rounds with me and didn’t crack, and now this is too much for you? You can do better.”


He feels the press of Loki’s hoof on his chest, holding him down. His eyes widen, stuttering.


“This should be child's play to you Magpie. But I suppose we could help you out a little.” 


Loki goes back to his box, looking through it as Akechi yanks him up roughly. He turns the vibrator off, guiding him over to his chair. Akira watches him go behind him, grabbing something else from his desk area. Akechi ties his tie around his eyes, making him blind. His wrists are pulled behind his back, something becoming tight against his skin. He feels the tail removed before Akechi started moving him again. Akira feels himself guided downwards, feeling something against his entrance. He feels himself held still, something sliding against the chair. Akira is pushed down, the object pushed into him slowly. He groaned, being guided all the way down into the chair. He feels himself being restrained tightly, wiggling only serving to make him jolt with pleasure as the object gets moved. Akira slowly realized he's not able to move his legs either. He feels fingers force his mouth open, something shoved inside his mouth, gagging him.


“Cute.” Akechi murmurs with a click.


The vibrator gets turned on again, making him squirm. He hears his own muffled moans as hands roam over his skin, the sensations almost too much. He throws his head back, whining and groaning.


“You’re pretty like this. We really should’ve done this sooner.”


The hands pull off him, Akira desperately wanting them back in that moment. He could hear Akechi moaning despite his best efforts, and being put on display like this was turning him on. He heard a muffled cry and felt something wet splatter onto his skin. The vibrator gets turned up higher, making him throw his head back. 


“Pretty little painted bird.” Loki purrs, biting his neck and squeezing along his thighs.


He feels a claw softly tease up his aching cock, letting out another desperate whine. 


“Shame your pretty little noises are muffled right now.”


Loki holds his head steady as he pulls back, humming. Something was loosened at the back of his head, the gag removed. Akira moaned loudly and tilted forward, panting. The blindfold gets taken off, Akira getting to see himself covered in cum. He was so painfully hard it was bringing tears to his eyes.


“Please, please, please… Mn-! Hah, hah, le-... let me cum.” He begged.


The vibrator turns off completely, making him groan. Akechi frees him from the chair and pulls him up, pushing him up against a wall, grinding against him. Akira stayed there as Akechi pulled back, getting the lube again. He hears it open, feeling his legs getting spread open. Cold, lubed up fingers pressed into him, making him gasp. Akechi slowly worked him open even more, the pace torture. Once he was done, Loki pulls him into his lap, hands on his hips, hard. Akira whined loudly about being held in place.


“Tell me how much you want it.”


“Master,” Akira started, grinding with a fever against Loki. “All I want is you. Your cock is the thing I think about the most. No one compares to your size. No one else will ever satisfy me the way you do. I… I need it.”


Loki picks him up and spins him around so he’s facing him. He pushes down on him until he’s pushing his face into his cock.


“Master, I’d assume you’d want first round on his ass.”


Akira feels Akechi climb onto the bed and press up against him. Akira licks up Loki’s cock, looking for the go ahead from him. Loki nods, Akira sliding the tip into his mouth. He pulls off with a gasp as Akechi enters him, thrusting himself all the way in. Akira goes back to the blowjob he’s supposed to be giving Loki, moaning around him as Akechi starts thrusting roughly. Loki let Akira set the pace, Akira hollowing his cheeks and sliding up and down.  


“Such a good boy you are, Magpie.”


The praise made his cock twitch. Akira took him as far as possible, almost halfway down, humming around him.


“See? Better. Knew you could do it.” 


Akechi gets faster, Akira grunting and groaning around his cock. He could feel nails dig into his hips hard as Akechi stittered a bit.


“C… cumming.” Akechi warned.


Akira moaned pausing where he was as he felt Akechi cum inside him. Loki threaded his fingers through his hair, holding him in place as Akechi pulled out of him. Once Akechi moved off the bed, Loki started bucking up into his mouth, making Akira move in time with his thrusts. Loki grunted and still his head as he orgasmed, Akira obediently swallowing. He let go, Akira pulling off and gasping for breath. Loki sat up and waited.


“Still with us, Magpie?”


“Yess. ‘m good.”


Loki picked him up and lined himself up, easing Akira down all the way. Akira let put a needy whine as Loki bottomed out and stopped.


“You look like such a delicate little thing and yet,” Loki moved Akira all the way off his cock before sliding him back down all the way. “So accommodating.”


Akira moaned loudly, head lolling back. He wanted him to move, but he could not find any words. He panted, wiggling, trying to get Loki to do what he needed him to do. 


“Maybe I should keep you like this, Magpie. You make such a cute cock sleeve, you know.”


“Please… move...” He whispered, squeaking as Loki shifting gave him a jolt of pleasure.


Loki placed him on his hands and knees, shoving his face into the sheets. He started slow, Akira groaning and gripping at the sheets. He moaned louder as Loki found that sweet spot and thrusted harder, Akira bucking his hips back into him, begging nonsense. But Loki seemed to understand and kept going. Akira whined as he stilled for a moment. Loki pushes open his mouth and puts the gag back in, tightening it. 


“This is going to get a bit rough.” Loki purred, nipping at the skin his throat.


“Mmph!” Was all Akira could say as he continued the same pace from earlier.


It wasn't long before Loki came inside him, Akira letting out a muffled moan and falling forward onto the sheets. His legs were quivering with how long he's been edged, and he's sure his legs would've gone out if Loki wasn't holding up his hips. Loki adjusted only slightly before starting again, Akira begging and crying out his name through the gag. He weakly bucked his hips back into him, desperately wanting him much deeper than Loki could possibly go. He grunted out his need to more, drooling around his gag. He whimpered when Loki stopped suddenly, trying to keep going before Loki tightened his grip.


“What a good little bird. I suppose you earned it at this point.”


Akira felt the gag fall out of his mouth and onto the bed, gasping. 


“Please please please fuck me Loki! Please I need you, I need you right now. Please!” 


Loki laughed and leaned forward, nipping at his ear. Akira groaned as Loki grabbed his hips and yanked him in time to meet his thrusts, thoughts hazy with lust. He heard Loki curse under his breath before he shuddered and stilled, cumming inside him. Akira’s knuckles were white, the sheets balled up, gasping. It took a few moments before Loki started again, making Akira squeak as he went hard. Fingers fiddled with the leather ring, making Akira moan even louder as the firm touch to his cock sent a jolt up his spine. Loki seemed to struggle with it for a few moments before he got it off.


“Now cum.”


Akira screamed his name as he did, falling limp in Loki’s hands, blissed out. He let out little whimpers as Loki kept up his pace.  Loki came inside him again, pressing him into the mattress, panting. Akira sighed happily as Loki nipped and sucked at his skin, leaving several hickeys in his wake, cock still filling him. Akira spun around and clung to him as he made to move away, pulling him close.


“Mmph. Maybe you are a cock sleeve.”


“Your cock sleeve.” Akira whispered.


Akira mewled as Loki moved slowly, staying deep inside him. He dug his nails into the persona’s back, whispering his name over and over again. Loki gave a possessive growl before holding him in place and cumming inside him again. He was so full, whining as Loki pulled out. He felt something pushed inside him again, sitting up to see the tail plug back inside him, keeping the mess in him. Loki kissed him, Akira slightly turned on as Loki shoved his tongue down his throat before pulling away.


“Hope we can have fun like this again soon.” He purred, sliding his hand over his stomach, grinning wickedly. “You were such a good sport about losing your own bet.”

 

Akira groaned as he got up, feeling spent but satisfied. He wanted more time with them. He wish he didn't have to wait for himself to have the right dream. He went to the bathroom to shower and clean himself off. He went to reach back for the tail that wasn't there and blinked in surprise. 



Oh, right. Dream.



He felt disappointed. But it seemed like Loki was going to visit more frequently, so he had that to look forward to.




Chapter End Notes
I lied I guess, I make time for horny. Enjoy~



Afterword


End Notes
No, I don't know what this one is either, take it anyway.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



