



sulfur - orphan_account - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

sulfur
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8789248.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Seokjin | Jin/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
AU oneshot, PWP, really trust me this time it's just pwp, urban fantasy au, not super important because pwp but, tae is a fallen angel jin is a werewolf, better explanation in the author's note, Dirty Talk, brief praise kink, Marking, Kitchen Sex, i literally named the open office file 'dirt' so
Stats:

        Published: 2016-12-08
        Words: 6028
      

sulfur
by orphan_account
Summary
Taehyung finds that the best way to incite chaos in Seokjin's apartment is to seduce him on the kitchen floor.(aka that one time i wrote 6,000 words of porn in under 24 hours because the mamas fucked me up)
Notes
not to toot my own horn but i would really like to stress that i started writing this WHILE the mamas were still going, and finished it the morning after. i posted it on tumblr first, so this is a belated crosspost, but, hi. i'm pretty sure i broke speed limits with this.concerning the AU, it's something that's been on my mind for a while, but i haven't actually written anything for it yet. that stage was so fitting though, i couldn't resist. in this universe, taehyung used to be an angel but got kicked out for plot reasons, and it wasn't that long ago. he left his home and is now crashing at seokjin's place for a while. seokjin is an alpha werewolf with a pack consisting only of him, jimin, and jungkook. note that i know exactly nothing about a/b/o so this is just plain old fantasy werwolves.have fun!



sulfur

For someone as loud as Taehyung, he really is shockingly good at sneaking up on people.That alone isn't enough to surprise Seokjin. He supposes it comes with his history as a fallen angel, just kind of assumes it's in his blood now, part of his instincts. He knew what he was getting into when he invited a very young and very much outcast ex-angel to stay at his home, in his apartment, with his pack. Trouble, is what he was getting into. And he kept watching him closely after that, because he wasn't sure yet how that trouble was going to show. Seokjin already felt extremely relieved when he knew that Taehyung wasn't going to start shit with his betas; Jimin and Jungkook love him, and Taehyung loves them too, Seokjin can sense that just fine, so no worries there. It was good to know, but he still wasn't sure where else Taehyung's new urges were going to show. Seokjin knows just enough about angels to remember that particular fact – if they fall, all their capabilities, urges, wants, everything gets switched around and they know longer strive to help people. They strive to stir up fights and watch chaos unfold, and he supposes it's always useful to be able to move around quietly for that. So no, that part doesn't surprise him.What surprises him is that Taehyung shows up out of nowhere at two in the morning while Seokjin is hunched over his laptop on the kitchen floor. He's been trying to get work done for hours but he hasn't been able to focus at all, he can't even really remember how he ended up here instead of staying at his desk or at least on a couch or something. Money has been tight but he really wants his small pack to be able to stay in this city, and he wants Jimin and Jungkook to be able to stay in school and in college without having to work so much for it. Jimin could probably take up a part time job by now, but Seokjin still worries about that because Jimin's full moons are still tough on him and he's not sure how realistic the thought of him working a regular job with regular humans would be, and he really... He really needs to get work done tonight, because...Taehyung's chin is on his shoulder, but not the part of his shoulder where it'd be him perching it there cutely like a little kid. It's almost in the juncture of neck and shoulder, actually, and Seokjin can feel him exhale warmly against his jugular.“That looks boring,” he says softly.“It is,” Seokjin admits. “Why are you still up?”“Kookie's snoring,” says Taehyung. Seokjin can feel him shift behind him, can feel his warm body press up against his back, his hands sneak to his sides and fist in the loose shirt he's wearing. “Why're you still up? To do boring shit on the kitchen floor?”“Yeah, kind of.” Seokjin keeps his eyes trained on his laptop screen, even if he can't really read the numbers there anymore. He has other things to focus on. “Can Jimin sleep?”“Like a baby.” Okay, Taehyung is practically purring now. Seokjin opens his mouth but closes it when one of Taehyung's hands lets go of his shirt again and runs up to his other shoulder instead. “You should do more exciting things on the kitchen floor.”Seokjin has noticed. Really, it was hard not to. The looks Taehyung gives him, the way he'd constantly hold eye contact while pushing whole strawberries into his mouth ridiculously slowly, the countless times Seokjin caught him staring at his fingers working in the kitchen or on his laptop or even just petting the boys' hair. He has noticed, and he has thought about it too, of course. Apart from the horrible thing that happened with his wings, Taehyung does still kind of look like an angel, only one who throws him sultry looks when brushing his teeth or walking through his pack's apartment in nothing but tiny boxer shorts. Yeah, Seokjin has thought about it. A lot.“Tae,” he still says, trying to turn around and face him so they can at least talk about this first, but Taehyung's hand flies from his shirt to his chin and grabs it, his other hand still holding him by the shoulder, making sure he can't turn around with dizzying gentleness.“No, stay like that,” Taehyung murmurs, the dark timbre of his voice vibrating trough Seokjin's sharpened hearing. His fingertips leave his chin and ghost down his throat instead, just barely dancing over the skin and Seokjin feels a shiver run through his entire body. The hand finds his shoulder again and then both of Taehyung's hands dig gently into the tense muscles just between his shoulder blades, and an already weak sounding groan rips from Seokjin's throat. “I wanna make you feel good,” Taehyung hums. “Let me make you feel good.”“Okay,” Seokjin hears himself say, and realizes belatedly that his eyes have fallen shut. Vaguely, he wonders where Taehyung has learned to massage someone like this because it's doing fucking miracles to his back and he already feels like he's floating from the waist up. Then he thinks that maybe this is just part of him having been an angel and angels being good at making people feel better, and that's when he blinks his eyes open again. “Are you sure that's your objective here?”Taehyung doesn't stop rubbing circles into his shoulders with his thumbs, not even for a second. Seokjin can feel his breath rush past just below his hairline and wonders how close his face is to the skin of his neck. “Are you insinuating I don't want you to feel good?”“I just want to make sure this isn't the demon talking,” Seokjin says. He swallows, thinking now that this might have sounded harsh and he doesn't want to insult Taehyung, it's just very hard to think clearly right now and word his concern more politely.But Taehyung just huffs a soft little laugh right against the shell of his ear. “Everything I say is the demon talking, Jin.” He sounds amused, not offended. “It's who I am.” One of Taehyung's hands leaves his shoulder again to travel up his neck instead, fingers carding through Seokjin's hair and massaging his scalp. Seokjin has never felt more like putty; he's actually vaguely convinced he couldn't even hold a pencil right now unless he had Taehyung's hand around his own to help him. “You never seemed to mind until just now.”“I don't,” he says quickly, realizing much too late again that he has apparently closed his eyes. Taehyung's hand is at the top of his head now, fingertips brushing over his forehead every so often, and Seokjin feels his head tilt back into his touch. He doesn't mind demons and he doesn't mind that Taehyung is one now. He really doesn't, he just wanted to make sure this isn't some sort of scheme Taehyung's instincts are playing with him, with them both, wants to make sure nobody is going to regret this later...Taehyung's teeth scrape over the side of Seokjin's neck. “I'll stop if you want me to,” he says, and Seokjin knows it's sincere, he knows when people lie to him and he's well aware that Taehyung probably couldn't actually defend himself against a grown, experienced alpha wolf if shit were to actually go down, but he doesn't manage to focus on his words for more than a second because someone in this kitchen just moaned loudly, and he just realized it was him. Taehyung hums against his skin and Seokjin, all senses alert, thinks he can feel his lips curve into a smile. “But I'll take that as a no.”“We just,” Seokjin says, breath hitching in his throat when both of Taehyung's hands move, one traveling over his shoulder to his collarbone and one leaving his forehead to lightly drape itself over his eyes instead, “need to make sure we don't wake the boys.”Taehyung chuckles. “If Kookie's snoring doesn't wake them, we won't,” he says, lips parted against the very back of Seokjin's neck for a second before he speaks up again, softly. “Or are you a screamer?”“I'm not a screamer,” Seokjin says immediately, tone defensive and making Taehyung laugh a little more.“Bet I could make you one,” he sing-songs lowly, his lips still ghosting over Seokjin's skin when he talks, the hand on his collarbone inching slowly down his chest now.“I just said we can't wake Jimin and Jungkook.” For a second there, Seokjin's voice almost sounded stable, but then Taehyung uses the hand over his eyes to tilt his head to the side and noses up his neck to his jaw, and Seokjin thinks he feels his pulse stutter in his veins. Taehyung is so close he can hear his heartbeat, smell his presence everywhere, and Taehyung smells like mischief and sulfur but he also smells like sugar and his own apartment, maybe even his own pack. It's home and it's danger at the same time and it makes Seokjin's head spin, but not nearly as much as the set of teeth scraping softly over the skin just below his ear.“I get that,” Taehyung mutters with a casual tone that makes him sound less affected than the body heat Seokjin can feel radiating off of him. “I just said I could if I wanted to. Or if you wanted to.” He giggles, his other hand still slipping down Seokjin's body. It reaches the waistband of his sweats and Taehyung's fingers play with it for a few seconds before he seems to make up his mind and gently presses his palm down on his crotch, making Seokjin suck in a soft breath of air through his dry lips. “What do you want, hmm? You're half hard at best. Need me to boost your imagination some?” Seokjin can hear him grin when he keeps palming him, moving his lips away from his ear and finally, finally actually kissing his hot skin, lips wandering back to the nape of his neck, leaving a tingling trail Seokjin feels twice as much thanks to the hand still keeping it pitch black behind his eyelids. “Need some stimulation for your creativity?”Seokjin almost manages to say something. He has breath in his lungs and his mouth open at least, when Taehyung's hand over his eyes guides his head to tilt it forwards and he feels Taehyung's tongue hot and wet on the back of his neck, sliding up from underneath his shirt collar, all the way to where his hairline starts, and his other hand, perfectly simultaneously, presses its heel down against his shaft in a perfect circle. On the cold tile floor, Seokjin balls his hands into fists, he's choking on his gasp, swallowing down loudly and gasping again, his hips twitching in a halfhearted attempt to keep himself from bucking up against Taehyung.“I could suck you off,” Taehyung suggests, lips moving against the short hair on the back of Seokjin's head, his hand now gripping him gently over fabric. “Those sweats of yours really don't leave much room to wonder, and I've seen you in them often enough. Bet you don't know many people who could take you whole, but I think I could. I'm very sure I could fit it all in my mouth.” Again, Seokjin's head gets tilted to the side and back, Taehyung's lips wandering aimlessly while he talks. “You know in the end I fell because of my thing with Yoongi, but really, they could have kicked me out way sooner for the things I can do with my throat.”“Oh my god, Taehyung,” Seokjin says weakly, because this really isn't how he expected him to talk about the angels exiling him, but he doesn't really get to think about it for too long. Taehyung's hand is working him in earnest now and Seokjin feels his entire body flush, for the first time allowing himself to really take in the experience of being completely unable to see. Everything is pitch black around him but his other senses are in overdrive. He feels every single one of Taehyung's fingers through the fabric of his sweatpants, every detail of him rubbing his palm along his constantly hardening length, he feels Taehyung's warm chest pressed against his back and his thighs pressed to the sides of Seokjin's hips. He feels breath in his hair more than he hears it, because what he hears is still Taehyung's heartbeat, faster than before, strong and more excited with every palpable twitch of his dick under his hand. And he smells him, like he fills the entire kitchen, but it's not just sulfur and sugar anymore, it's sweat, it's want, it's adrenaline. It's too much, almost.“That's more like it,” Taehyung breathes. Before Seokjin even has time to voice the whine in his throat for the hand disappearing from his cock, Taehyung is finally shoving it underneath the fabric. His hand is warm as it closes around him, thumb flicking over the tip to collect as much precum as he gets and rub it down his shaft gently, and the other one never leaves Seokjin's face, stays still over his eyes, making sure his head stays tilted so he has enough room to breathe down his neck while he talks. “Oh, you've gotten so hard, Jin. Do you like it when I talk to you like that? Like it when I get dirty?”Seokjin doesn't say anything, but he does finally buck his hips up into Taehyung's hand now, and Taehyung snickers softly, sending a gust of air just past his throat.“I think once I'm done letting you fuck my throat, I'm going to ride you,” he muses. “Right here on the kitchen floor. I'll let you watch me fuck myself on your cock until we're both raw, and I want you to never forget it. I know how much you love being in here. And I want you to think about how tight and how good I was every time you stand in this spot preheating the oven or putting groceries into the fridge. I want you to never even consider working on your laptop down here again because you'll always get distracted by how pretty I looked bouncing down on you. I bet I won't even be able to really hold my footing on your nice pristine tiles once you start fucking into me, Jin. I want you to fucking ruin me as much as I'm ruining your favorite room in this apartment.”While Taehyung is literally moaning into his ear, Seokjin thinks that maybe this is the part where those twisted instincts come into play. He also thinks that he can definitely deal with that. They can definitely disgrace his kitchen, which is admittedly a sort of bewildering thought, but it might have gotten fueled by the way Taehyung is now actively pumping him in his sweatpants. Seokjin can feel his entire lower body tense in the effort to not push himself up with his hands and fuck into Taehyung's hand, but he's trying to give himself at least some dignity. Plus, if he were to move now, he's not sure he could manage without finally turning around and grabbing Taehyung by the shoulders to pin him down and make him shut up against the cold kitchen floor.“Look at you,” Taehyung coos then, the hand on Seokjin's face once more guiding his head around in a slow circle, and Seokjin lets him, his neck probably being the only relaxed part of his body right now. “Trying so hard to hold back. Aren't your fists hurting? Aren't you just itching to get those hands all over me?”Seokjin grits his teeth, breathing carefully through his nose.“You're not even thrusting into my hand, Jinnie. Why not, hm? You know, my first thought was you like me having the upper hand, and I guess in a way you do, but I also think you just don't want to risk being rough with me. I'm no wolf, and you know that. You'd get me all bruised up in no time.” Taehyung groans against the back of his neck. “But I'd love to have your fingerprints all over me. If only you stopped being a damn coward...”He flicks his wrist that exact second, running his palm over the tip of Seokjin's cock and Seokjin feels his hips jerk before he realizes his arms jerked a tiny bit too and the sound ripping from his throat was not a moan but a flat out growl from somewhere deep within. Behind him, Taehyung makes a shaky, awestruck little noise and then, slowly, starts pulling both of his hands back. “Oh,” he says faintly, “you're right, I think it's time for the main act, big boy.”The heat disappears from his back and Seokjin blinks his eyes open, squinting against the half darkness in his kitchen. He was working in here with the lights off and the only source right now is the single window letting in some moonlight, his laptop having long gone into standby. When Seokjin looks down, actually, the thing is still placed right where he left it between his knees, of course, he knew Taehyung was behind him all this time and couldn't have moved it, but seeing it sit there innocently is so surreal it almost makes him laugh.Until Taehyung comes into view.He's scooting over the tiles on his butt and Seokjin can't help but stare when he realizes Taehyung was in nothing but boxer shorts again this entire time, but that's nothing compared to the stare he's sporting when he sees the lube and condom in his hands. He must have brought those here with him right when he entered the kitchen. He knew from the very start where this was going.“I'm just gonna put that up there,” he says softly now, putting condom and lube aside to grab Seokjin's laptop instead and put it up on a counter. He looks back at Seokjin afterwards and raises his brows. “You gonna lose those pants anytime soon or do I have to do everything myself here?”Taehyung probably doesn't notice Seokjin's gaze darkening some, he's busy watching him opening his fists very slowly, moving his fingers first because they do ache a little, before grabbing the waistband of his sweats and pushing them down. Seokjin shoves his pants away somewhere towards his expensive fridge, and the tiles are cold underneath his ass, but he really has bigger concerns right now.“Tae,” he says, the syllable coming out hoarse since he hasn't said any real words in a while. Taehyung looks up at him and Seokjin uses the opportunity to grab the back of his head with one hand, pushing the bottle of lube into his direction with the other. “Since you really do have to do everything yourself here, I want you to finger yourself while you blow me. Understood?”Seokjin smiles at him sweetly, not the easiest task with the way his cock his throbbing against his abdomen, but the way Taehyung's eyes widen and he can actually feel the shiver going through him helps a great deal. Taehyung nods slowly against the grip he has on his hair, and Seokjin lets loose only for a little bit to give him some room to lose his boxers, and allow himself to pull his shirt off and throw it in the vague direction of his pants.The way Taehyung uncaps the bottle and squirts lube onto his fingers actually looks a little bit shaky now, definitely a lot more nervous than he sounded back there, and when his eyes dart up and see the glee on Seokjin's face, Seokjin takes great pleasure in watching the flush spread over his ears. His hand is just resting against the back of Taehyung's head now while Taehyung settles in between his legs carefully, leaning down to breathe a hot gust of air against Seokjin's twitching cock. He sees him hesitate with his lubed up hand, just having it hover in the air for a few seconds, but eventually Taehyung guides it to his own backside, and Seokjin figures he slides the first finger in the second he starts licking a wet stripe up the underside of his cock, because Taehyung immediately moans against it and Seokjin can feel his own breath stutter in his chest.He can already guess this isn't going to fully work out when Taehyung's arm moves jerkily while he swirls his tongue around his tip, but it's good for now. Gets Taehyung busy enough to both shut up and be unable to play any other games with him.One hand supporting him on the floor still, Seokjin goes back to grabbing Taehyung's hair softly, neither pushing nor pulling, when Taehyung wraps his lips around his cock and starts sucking. Seokjin watches him in the semi-darkness, lips parted to let quiet groans slip past now and then, his sleeping betas still somewhere in the back of his mind. His gaze ghosts over Taehyung's neck to his naked back, the long strips of scar tissue along the edges of his shoulder blades, where his wings used to be. They don't hurt anymore, Taehyung has assured them all of that often enough, and Seokjin wants to reach out and run his fingertips over them, just to see what it feels like, what it does to Taehyung, but he keeps his hand in his hair when Taehyung starts lowering his head more and more.He's moaning around him now and then, muffled and shaky, and when he swallows it doesn't exactly seem planned, so Seokjin makes a point to keep his hips still. Taehyung's arm is moving slower and slower while he's obviously concentrating on taking as much of him in as he can, and after a bit, Seokjin loosens the grip on his hair again to tentatively pet his scalp instead.“You're doing great, Tae,” he says softly, sort of experimentally because he has no idea if Taehyung wants or needs to hear any praise, but the high-pitched groan he gets when he keeps talking really answers that question. “You're taking my cock so well, such a good, brave boy.” Taehyung stills for a few seconds and Seokjin fights a groan when he feels him constrict around him. It almost seems like Taehyung's about to choke but he just halts all movements and seems to collect himself, and Seokjin cards his fingers through his dark brown hair carefully. “You know you don't have to take it all, right?”That does the trick. Taehyung makes a frustrated noise and moves back only a few inches to start bobbing his head instead, but every time he goes down, he starts taking a little more into his mouth again.“Yeah, there we go,” Seokjin breathes, swallowing thickly. “Feels good, Tae, you're doing so well. And you look so pretty fucking yourself open with your fingers like that.”Like he forgot they were inside him until just now, Taehyung starts moving his fingers again at that, and Seokjin can't quite fight the fond smile creeping on his lips. It only stays there until he parts them for another groan anyway, because Taehyung now manages to move his tongue against the underside of Seokjin's cock to match the rhythm he built with his head.And he really is almost all the way down now, so Seokjin really can't blame him for forgetting to move his hand again after only a few more moments. Carefully, Seokjin sits up a little more, making sure to still leave Taehyung some room to breathe through his nose as he lifts his free hand off the floor and grabs the lube bottle. His other hand disappears from Taehyung's head to help get lube on his fingers and then pull Taehyung's own hand from his ass, then it goes right back to petting his hair as Taehyung's mouth makes static hum lowly between his temples. He's not going to be able to keep this up for much longer, but he's also not really ready yet to tell Taehyung to stop.Seokjin reaches over his back and blindly finds his hole, pushing in two fingers carefully and finding him stretched enough for three already. He can't go as deep as he'd like to like this, but Taehyung immediately jerks his hips back against him when he adds that third finger, so this is going to be enough. Seokjin finishes the job quick, scissoring and pushing his fingers in and out in rough thrusts, and halfway in, Taehyung resurfaces from his cock with a deep, gasping breath and doesn't return to it afterwards, and Seokjin lets him. He also lets him reach behind himself shakily to pull Seokjin's hand away finally after a few more thrusts, and he thinks he'd probably let him do anything right now when Taehyung sits up and Seokjin gets to really take in his state.Even in the lack of real light in here he can tell how flushed Taehyung's entire face is, his lips swollen and slick with spit and precum, his eyes practically black with how blown his pupils are. His chest is heaving and his hair is plain chaos, and he's looking at Seokjin like he's about to eat him alive. Instead though, he grabs Seokjin by the shoulders and pushes him back to make him lie down against the floor while Taehyung swings one of his legs over his hips to kneel above him. Once Seokjin is on his back, Taehyung picks the condom off the tiles, tears it open with his teeth and spits a piece of wrapper to the side. Seokjin watches it land under one of his kitchen cupboards, and he really hopes it's not going to show up inconveniently at some point in the future, but the thought disappears without a trace when Taehyung rolls the condom over his stiff, throbbing cock as slowly as he possibly could.His eyes closed, Seokjin tilts his head back, his throat straining around the groan he's trying to stifle, because it would have come out way too loud otherwise. “Come on, Tae,” he rasps quietly before he feels, now well-trained in making out Taehyung's movements even while not being able to see him, how Taehyung raises himself off his thighs to line himself up with Seokjin's cock, and sink down on him cautiously. One of his hands flies up to his mouth and he presses the back of it against his lips to muffle yet another noise, while Taehyung very obviously doesn't even try to hold back his whine.Seokjin pries his eyes open again to watch Taehyung arch his back when he bottoms out, an expression of pure bliss on his features, face slack and mouth hanging open, both of his hands supporting him gently on Seokjin's abdomen. They stay still for a good couple of seconds in which Seokjin moves his hands up Taehyung's thighs to smooth them over the curve of his ass, and Taehyung starts humming softly when he digs them into the soft flesh there. Honestly, Seokjin expected him to take a lot more time to just sit and get used to him, but Taehyung lifts himself off of Seokjin's hips again shortly after that, and rolls his own hips down on him in a single, fluid motion that has both of them gasping.“Fuck,” Taehyung breathes, barely audible and yet extremely present in the otherwise silent kitchen and Seokjin's sharp ears, repeating the motion a second time, then a third. “F-fffuck, you're so...”Seokjin doesn't get to hear what he is because Taehyung presses both of his hands to his mouth now and he can still hear the jumbled up swear he moans against his palms. Next thing he knows, Taehyung drops forwards, pinning Seokjin down with his hands against his shoulders and busying his mouth instead with sinking sharp little teeth in the thin skin right above his collarbone. Seokjin groans, voice wavering when Taehyung still manages to lift himself off of him and slam his hips back down, his choked noise now effectively muffled by the way he's sucking a mark on his chest. He digs his fingertips into Taehyung's hips, trying to mentally count to three, but he barely even gets past one before he lets loose and snaps his hips up to fuck into him.The thing that leaves Taehyung's throat probably would have been a scream if his lips weren't so firmly attached to the flushed skin of his chest. Seokjin's hips stutter and he wonders if it was too much, but Taehyung trembles against him, his ass bucking down helplessly to try and get that friction again. So Seokjin does it again, jerking himself up into Taehyung and Taehyung scrambles for hold, his fingernails leaving burning trails on Seokjin's shoulders as he nods, shakily, against his torso.“Keep that up,” Taehyung says, his voice feeble and thin and yet reminding Seokjin that really, he still isn't the one in charge here. “Fuck – fuck me, Jin, keep going.”And Seokjin keeps going, he holds Taehyung by the hips and starts building a rhythm, constant and strong, pushing Taehyung up against his chest with every thrust. It's messy, Taehyung's teeth catching on his skin here and there, his nails scraping in a mixture of trying to hold on and trying to make Seokjin look as fucked as possible, while Seokjin himself can distinctly feel precum starting to pool on his abdomen from Taehyung's own neglected cock. The world is starting to blur around Seokjin too, the kitchen ceiling spinning above him, his vision distracted by the mess of brown hair bobbing up and down on him. His ears are ringing with Taehyung's choked whimpers, his head spinning with the scents of sulfur, sweat, cum, and sulfur again. There's fire coursing through his veins, sparks going off behind his eyes with every thrust, and everything is so here, so present he'd probably be worrying that the mere slap of skin would wake his housemates if he actually still had the nerve to think about them now.“Touch me,” Taehyung whines, writhing on him until he can rub the head of his cock against Seokjin's stomach, then reaching behind himself to pry one of his Seokjin's hands away from his hips and shove it between them. If Seokjin was feeling more like himself right now, he'd have a comment ready about how Taehyung made it sound like this was going to take them much, much longer, but it's not like he himself would have the stamina right now to go on forever.He closes his hand around Taehyung's twitching cock and Taehyung bucks into it immediately, making both of them fall out of rhythm. They don't really get back into that rhythm afterwards but they also don't actually care, both of them just thrusting erratically at this point, chasing bliss. Seokjin's throat burns from how much he's holding back his noises, or maybe it's just from how Taehyung keeps dragging his teeth against the skin there, his own moans and whines literally vibrating through Seokjin's carotid, right up until the moment his voice dissolves into strained pants and gasps and he ruts against Seokjin's fingers while spilling all over him.Taehyung's climax makes him tighten around him impossibly and Seokjin's breath gets stuck in his lungs, he automatically tries raising both of his hands to his mouth to cover the earsplitting groan that was no doubt on its way out of there, but somewhere along that motion, his body changes its mind. Seokjin closes his arms around Taehyung's middle and grabs his now mostly limp body, pushing himself off the sweaty kitchen tiles until their positions are switched and he's on his knees above Taehyung.Absolutely dazed, Taehyung blinks up at him, the fucked out expression all over his face making Seokjin's skin crawl with how close he is, and he doesn't spend more than half a second staring at it, because he goes right back to fucking down into him. It's uncomfortable, the hard floor against his knees and elbows supporting himself next to Taehyung's head, the way he knows he's shoving and rubbing Taehyung's scarred back against said cold, ungiving floor now too, but Seokjin really could not care less right now. One of his hands moves to cradle the back of Taehyung's head in his palm to make sure he at least doesn't bang that against the floor somehow and that's as far as he gets with being considerate before white flashes behind his eyes and he's busy riding out his orgasm to the last wave.He thrusts through it, hips working and stuttering against Taehyung's ass until he can physically feel all energy leave his body, along with work stress and any other concern he might or might not have had on his mind. Seokjin allows himself to collapse at least for a bit, blowing hot air against the side of Taehyung's neck while he tries to catch his breath, and enjoying the way Taehyung's hands are back to rubbing soothing patterns into his shoulders. He could probably pass the fuck out like this, if his forearms weren't sticking to his beautiful formerly clean kitchen floor.Slowly, and with a deep breath, he props himself up on them again, ignoring the way his neck and entire upper body burn softly from sweat running into the scratches and marks Taehyung left there, to smile at him.“My favorite room in this apartment,” he says, very belatedly, in a raspy whisper, “is my bedroom.”“Oh.” Taehyung smiles right back, civil like they're holding small talk. “Then we'll have to go there next.”Seokjin snorts. He shifts on his aching knees to pull out of Taehyung carefully, then he just lets himself drop backwards on his butt, forcing his tired limbs to move the bare minimum and at least get the condom off. “Yeah,” he mutters. It already feels weirdly wrong to drop a condom in the kitchen bin, so he supposes Taehyung has reached his goal here. “To sleep.”“Aw, no round two?”The look he throws Taehyung is exaggeratedly shocked, and they both laugh quietly afterwards. Taehyung's face is the only part of him that's actually moving, he's still lying spread out on the floor and panting, his dick soft, his eyes drooping. So, no. No round two.Groaning softly, Seokjin gets up from the floor, and after picking his clothes up he grabs the counter with his free hand to keep himself from toppling over again. He is absolutely never having sex on the floor again. Also, he can feel his feet sticking to some tiles more than to others, and sighs deeply when he extends his hand towards Taehyung instead to help him up.“Remind me to mop the floor first thing tomorrow morning.”Taehyung pulls himself up and giggles against his arm. He keeps clinging to it, and Seokjin collects his boxers from the floor too, leaving his work laptop to die on the counter while both of them carefully wobble through the hallway to his bedroom. Seokjin is absolutely not letting Taehyung go back to his makeshift bed in Jimin's and Jungkook's room now, and his own bed is big enough for both of them. Taehyung is out like a light the second his head hits the pillow.  When he wakes up a few hours later, Taehyung is extremely pleased with himself.Yeah, he wanted Seokjin to desecrate his own kitchen, sure. More importantly though, he has recently learned that both Jimin and Jungkook used to harbor crushes on their big soft alpha wolf, and he just kind of wanted to see how they'll react to those bruises on Seokjin's neck and the realization that Taehyung needs a pillow to sit down at the breakfast table today.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



