



The Practice Boyfriend - moonsuns - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Practice Boyfriend
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10996146.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - College/University, Dating Practice, Fluff
Collections:
Namjoon bingo 17
Stats:

        Published: 2017-05-25
        Words: 8006
      

The Practice Boyfriend
by moonsuns
Summary

“What do you mean, practice?” Namjoon asks. 
“Like, you need a practice boyfriend,” Taehyung says. “Just someone to get you out of this bad date funk that you’ve been in, or whatever. I could help! I’m a very good boyfriend, you know, and I’m on really good terms with all of my exes.” 
No one seems to know what to say to this, before Jimin goes, “Well, it’s true. Taehyung is the best boyfriend that I’ve ever seen."
Or, Taehyung agrees to be Namjoon's practice boyfriend, and it goes about as well as anyone expects.
Notes
for the school/college au square on my namjoon bingo cardi wrote this entire fic listening to seventeen's new mini if anyone's interested in mood music.warnings: mentions of animal death :( i'm sorry

          See the end of the work for more notes




The Practice Boyfriend

Awkwardness settles over the table like a funeral shroud, and Namjoon has no idea how to shake it off. Jennie had been so fun to talk to in class. She looked kind of scary when he sat next to her, in an intimidatingly beautiful sort of way, but once she and Namjoon were assigned as lab partners she’d brightened up considerably. Jennie was funny and the conversation had flown easily and smile was so sweet that Namjoon was sure literal sparkles came from it, or something. This was why he had asked her out. She had said yes because, hopefully, she had seen similar characteristics in him. Now though there’s none of their easy camaraderie. And, admittedly, a lot of their bonding was through biology, and their lab reports, neither of which have come up during a date. This seems to leave them with very little to talk about.  Namjoon looks at his phone again. It’s been two minutes since the last time that he had checked. He has no new messages, though he’d welcome anything at this point. Some kind of emergency, or natural disaster, to let him have an excuse to get out of this date in a way that doesn’t make him look like a total dick.  Jennie drinks more of her coffee, holds the cup in her hands, her lips turned down at the corners. Namjoon is just thankful that they aren’t having dinner, that he had just suggested coffee, because it means that they can both get out of here quicker. Namjoon tries not to gulp down his Americano and looks at his phone again. No one has text him about going to help them put out any forest fires. The silence stretches, long and heavy and weird. He doesn’t know what it is about trying to put them into a romantic setting that’s made their friendship so weird, but he knows that it’s got to be his fault. Just as he’s about to bring up class, which he promised himself he wouldn’t do, Jennie puts down her cup. The clattering of glass on the polished wood is louder than it should be, in a coffee shop full of people, but to Namjoon the sound is a relief. So is seeing that Jennie’s cup is empty. “I should go,” Jennie says, gathering her purse and the cardigan that she had put at the back of the table. “I promised Jisoo unnie that I would meet her at the library after I was done here.” Namjoon can’t tell if Jennie is telling the truth or not, but in the end it doesn’t really matter. He’s just glad that he doesn’t have to be the one to come up with an excuse. “That’s cool,” he tells her, like an awkward weirdo. She smiles at him with her mouth closed, hand wrapping around her phone. “This was fun but...I don’t think we should do it again, oppa. It’s not you, it’s just that I don’t think I have the time for more things like this after all.” “Yeah, I get it.” He smiles back at her, and Namjoon can tell that she wants to run because he’s feeling the same way. He clears his throat, wanting to diffuse the silence. “See you in class on Monday?” “See you!” she says, sounding noticeably more cheerful now that she knows that she can leave. She waves at him as she walks away, and Namjoon watches her go, trying not to beat himself up and failing. It’s just, this always happens. Every time he tries to have some kind of romantic relationship it dissolves in his hands. His last relationship, the last one that had really mattered, had ended with the guy saying It’s not me, it’s you, in such a way that Namjoon had known that it had been all his fault. This was just a date, and not a relationship, so he’s glad for that much, at least. Still, though, it sucks that he couldn’t even seem to make things weird for thirty minutes of coffee. He really hopes that this doesn’t make Jennie hate him enough to sabotage their labs. They have at least five left. Namjoon doesn’t have anything to do after this, but he knows Yoongi won’t be home, and he doesn’t want to be alone. Not to mention that somehow, Yoongi always knows what to say or not say to make Namjoon feel better. Namjoon kind of just wants to be around him right now, so he walks the five blocks to Taehyung and Jimin’s apartment, because he knows that’s where he’ll be around now. He’s let up because someone is walking in at the same time as him, but when he knocks on the door there’s no answer. Namjoon waits for a little bit before knocking again, to no answer. He’s just about to turn to go, ready to stew alone, when Taehyung answers the door. He takes off his headphones and smiles as he lets Namjoon in. “Sorry, I can’t hear anything with these on,” Taehyung tells him with a smile. Namjoon’s just about to ask if Yoongi isn’t here when he hears the reason why Taehyung was wearing his headphones. Jimin and Yoongi are having sex. Loud, energetic, sex. There’s panting and bedsprings creaking and other noises that Namjoon doesn’t want to identify. In all of Namjoon’s years of knowing Yoongi, he’s never heard him like this. He didn’t realize how blessed he had been, before this moment. “Do they know you’re here?”“Nope! I text Jimin when I got home about fifteen minutes ago, so he’ll know when they’re done, I guess. So, in the meantime, headphones.” “Do you want to get out of here?” Namjoon asks. “I’ll buy you a drink down at the convenience store, and maybe by the time we get back they’ll have stopped.” “Sounds perfect, hyung,” Taehyung says, smiling sweetly. “Just let me go get my wallet.” Namjoon buys him juice and a bag of beef jerky that they share between themselves as they sit on the bench in front of the convenience store. “Does that happen...often?” “No, but I got out of class early because we had a test today, and they didn’t know. And I didn’t really want to walk back to campus so I just stayed and played my music really loud. Honestly, it’s a relief that you came when you did.” Silence settles over them as they finish the last of their bag, but this time it’s not awkward. It seems impossible for things to be awkward around Taehyung, and it’s a nice change from his earlier date. He’s glad he got a distraction from that, even if it was in a way that Namjoon wouldn’t have necessarily wanted. They’re both chewing on the last pieces when Taehyung’s phone lights up. “It’s from Jiminie,” Taehyung tells him, typing something back. “He says it’s safe to come back.” “Thank God,” Namjoon mumbles as he throws their trash away. Jimin and Yoongi are sitting on the couch when he comes back, thigh to thigh even though there’s room. Their hair is wet, as if they just took a quick shower, and nope, nope. That’s not really even a thought that Namjoon wants to entertain right now, so he doesn’t. “So why are you here, Namjoon-ah?” Yoongi asks, leaning back into the couch. Namjoon shrugs. “I got done with my date and didn’t want to go back to the apartment.” “And how was your date?” Jimin asks. “Were they cute?” “Very cute. And it...wasn’t the greatest date in the world, I would say. That’s a pretty accurate judgement.” “Did something happen?” Taehyung asks, frowning, and he sounds concerned. “More like what did you do?” Yoongi asks, and Jimin elbows him. He elbows Jimin back. “I’m not wrong to ask him that.” “It was just really awkward,” Namjoon says. “I don’t know, we’re friendly in class and she said yes when I asked her out so I thought it would be fine? But it’s like we both choked when we ordered our coffee and after that it was just awful. I couldn’t wait to be out of there, to be honest. And when it was done she said that it wouldn’t happen again.” Jimin winces. “That sounds rough.” “It was. But now it’s over, and we both made it out alive, so there’s that at least.” “You go on all these dates, and in the end nothing comes from them but something bad. And the common factor in all of these things is you,” Yoongi says, which Namjoon doesn’t think is fair coming from him. He and Jimin might be all cozy and stuck in a honeymoon phase that’s lasted three months, but he and Jimin spent a lot of time breaking each other’s hearts over the past two years, and it was mostly because of Yoongi making problems for them both. But then again, Yoongi is the one that ended up getting his shit together. And he’s the one that’s now happy, while Namjoon can’t seem to get anyone to want to go on a second date with him. “Maybe you’re right,” Namjoon tells him. “Maybe I’m just bad at romance or being a boyfriend or whatever.” It comes out more self pitying than it means, but he’s kind of feeling that way right now. It’s not necessarily about Jennie, and more about how his latest string of dates has just been really bad. Namjoon likes relationships, but he has always found dating to be a weird kind of dance that he couldn’t never really get right. Now it seems like he’s bad at both these things, and has been for the past year.“That’s not true-” Jimin starts at the same time Taehyung pipes up, “Maybe you’re just out of practice, and need to refresh your skills.” Everyone turns to look at him. “What do you mean, practice?” Namjoon asks. “Like, you need a practice boyfriend,” Taehyung says. “Just someone to get you out of this bad date funk that you’ve been in, or whatever. I could help! I’m a very good boyfriend, you know, and I’m on really good terms with all of my exes.” No one seems to know what to say to this, before Jimin goes, “Well, it’s true. TaeTae is the best boyfriend that I’ve ever seen. He’s better than the boyfriend that I have right now.” “Hey.” Yoongi frowns. “Sorry, it’s true,” Jimin says, and smirks before laying his head on Yoongi’s shoulder sweetly. Yoongi’s grumblings fade a little at that. “I mean...I guess?” Namjoon says finally, as everyone looks at him expectantly. “What could it hurt, right?” “Exactly,” Taehyung says, smiling brightly at him. “Don’t worry, hyung, I’m going to help you be the best boyfriend ever.” “I hope you’re right,” Namjoon says, “I’m going to need all the help I can get.”  Taehyung starts boyfriending the shit out of him the next day. It’s little things really. He texts Namjoon in the morning when he wakes up, and then again at night before he goes to bed. Sometimes, when Taehyung can’t sleep, he’ll text Namjoon in the middle of the night with a funny picture he’s found or a random thought that he’s had. He doesn’t seem to expect Namjoon to respond, but he does anyway. Sometimes he asks Namjoon to meet him for lunch too, not every day, but twice a week, which is a lot more than usual. Namjoon has never really spent much time with Taehyung alone. He met Taehyung through Jimin, who he met through Yoongi. They’ve all hung out before, but it’s never been one on one before. Namjoon’s never really had all of Taehyung’s intense attention focused on him before, but he doesn’t really find it unsettling. He’s comfortable with Taehyung. It’s like boiling a frog, Taehyung doing it so slowly that Namjoon doesn’t realize what he’s been doing until Taehyung shows up at his doorstep at eight, after asking the previous day if Namjoon was free. Looking at Taehyung, dressed up slightly nicer than usual, makes it hit Namjoon like an oncoming train. This is his boyfriend, or at least, the person that’s helping him practice at being a boyfriend with him. “Hey, you ready?” Taehyung asks. “Uh, yeah.” “So I thought we could do a regular dinner kind of date today, and then after that we could do the fun stuff.”“Sounds good to me.” Namjoon shrugs. He doesn’t really have any expectations for this. In fact, he hadn’t really expected Taehyung to take this whole “practice boyfriend” thing so seriously, but here he is. Doing just that. They end up in a restaurant that Namjoon has been to before, with other dates. A lot of people from their university are there, and it has a cool atmosphere. Taehyung seems to know a lot of people, because they keep coming up to him, but he always keeps their conversations short and returns his attention back to Namjoon. “So tell me something about you that I don’t know,” Taehyung says, once they’ve gotten their beers. “Uh,” Namjoon finds himself coming up blank. He has to think hard before finally he says, “I used to rap. I had stuff on SoundCloud and a couple of videos on YouTube.” “Seriously? That’s awesome, hyung! Do you still have anything up?”“No, I took it down when I got into university. I didn’t really have time for it anymore, but it was fun. That was how I met Yoongi hyung, but you know his stuff is still up.” “Yeah, he’s really good. And I bet you were too. I wish I could hear some of it.” “There’s still some stuff on my laptop, I think. Maybe we could...listen to it later. Together?” Namjoon wishes that he hadn’t chosen something so personal to share. It really had been the first thing that he had thought of, and it was something that most people didn’t know, but still. It had hurt when he had deleted all of his accounts, but his parents had been right when they’d said that he needed to focus on school, and so that was what he was doing. But now he had just made himself uncomfortable for no good reason. “That was good,” Taehyung says, as if noticing this. He doesn’t really seem to mind that Namjoon just made it weird by being an oversharing idiot. “And really smooth, hyung. I’m impressed. Now you just need to ask me something, to keep the conversation going.” Practice date. Right. Namjoon’s got this. “So tell me something about you that I don’t know.” “When I was four my dad almost cut off my pinkie toe with the lawnmower. I had to go to the hospital and get it put back on. I still have the scar.”“Seriously?” “Yeah,” Taehyung nods emphatically. “I’d show you but I’m wearing socks today. And they’re actually Cardcaptor Sakura socks. I didn’t know they made them in my size but my little sister got them for me. Those I could show you, actually.” Taehyung toes off one of his shoes and sticks out his foot for Namjoon to look at, and yeah, that’s Kero, right there on the top of his foot. “Cool, huh?” Taehyung asks. “Yeah, they’re nice. I had socks like that with Mickey Mouse on them when I was little.” And just like that they’re off and running. They talk about their favorite movies as kids, and about their favorite anime, which leads to TV and music. There’s really so much that he didn’t know about Taehyung, their acquaintance so casual before. Namjoon finds out that he really likes talking to Taehyung. It’s easy, for one thing, and for another Taehyung always has an interesting point of view on things. Namjoon hasn’t had such a good date in such a long time. Part of it might be that, yeah, he knew Taehyung before this. But he also knew Jennie before their date, and that obviously didn’t work out, so maybe it doesn’t really have to do with the level of familiarity. Maybe it really does have to do with the person. With Taehyung.  Taehyung walks him up to his door, even though he didn’t have to. “I had fun, hyung! You’re great. I don’t think you’ll need me to be your practice boyfriend for very long.” “Uh, thanks.” Namjoon can feel heat rising to his cheeks, for some reason, and tries his best to diffuse that away. “If this was a real date, I’d let you come inside to listen to my music, though.” “I’d come inside, if this was a real date,” Taehyung tells him. “But maybe you can just e-mail me? Anyway, see you around, hyung. Are you free next weekend?” “Yeah, I think so.” “Then let’s go on our next date then. Bye, hyung.” Before Namjoon can say anything Taehyung reaches up to kiss Namjoon on the cheek. He races off before Namjoon can react at all. Namjoon reaches up to touch the place where Taehyung kissed him. This had to be part of the whole practicing thing, but Namjoon’s skin still burns.  For their next date, Taehyung texts him an address and asks Namjoon to meet him there.  Namjoon goes into the building to find Taehyung leaning over the desk, speaking to one of the people sitting there. “Ah, hyung, you’re here! Hyung, this is Jeonggukie, Jeonggukie, this is Namjoon hyung. Remember, the hyung I told you about?”“Oh, that one,” Jeongguk says, and raises his eyebrows. “Hey, don’t say it all weird like that,” Taehyung tells him. In response, Jeongguk raises his eyebrows again, a couple of times. “Anyway, now that you’re here, our date can start!” “At an animal shelter?” Namjoon can’t help but ask, because he’s never really been to an animal shelter before. Definitely not on a date. Namjoon can think of few things less romantic than a pooper scooper. But apparently that’s just him, because Taehyung’s eyes are almost sparkly. “What, did you think we were just going to do the boring dinner and a movie stuff? That’s no fun. Come on, Jeongguk has the paperwork that you need to fill out, just for safety and liability stuff, and then we can go.” Namjoon fills out his paperwork and follows Taehyung, who definitely seems like he knows what he’s doing. “Do you come here often?”“Sometimes! I have a dog at home, Soonshim, and I don’t get to see him very much. So when I miss him a lot I come here. And also sometimes I just come for fun. It’s not that bad, really, you’ll see.” And Taehyung’s right. It really isn’t that bad. Mostly Namjoon fills the dog’s bowls with Taehyung. It’s not bad, all things considered. And Namjoon gets to get a dog lick his face, which is a lot more fun than it sounds. Namjoon loves dogs, even when they almost make him fall over, like the big one that someone named Tiny. Namjoon’s laughing by the time Tiny’s on the floor again. He looks up to see Taehyung watching him from one of the other cages, a soft smile on his face. “Do you have any pets?” Taehyung asks once he realizes that Namjoon is looking at him, going back to scooping feed into the bowls. “I have a dog named Rap Mon. Because my SoundCloud username was Rap Monster. So I thought it was cool. But he hates me.” Namjoon can’t help the sad sigh that he lets out. He loves his dog so much, to no avail. “I’m sure he doesn’t hate you.” Taehyung laughs. “No, he does, but I love him anyway.” “Being good with animals is supposed to be a sign that someone’s a good person,” Taehyung says. “And you love your pet even though he hates you. Guess that just means that you’re a good person, hyung.” Really, Taehyung is so effusive with his compliments that Namjoon can’t help but feel a little embarrassed. He just lets them out so naturally, like they’re nothing, while Namjoon can’t help but feel like he doesn’t know what to say, most of the time. And even though Taehyung does give out praise like it’s nothing, that doesn’t make him sound any less genuine. It just makes it sound like he likes a lot of things and people, and wants them to know that. “I guess so. I guess you are too.” Taehyung just beams at him, his grin large and boxy, before going back to his work.  “How good are you at double dates? I think our next date should be a double date, what do you think?” Taehyung asks. He’s working on his homework at the other end of the couch, his legs in Namjoon’s lap. Namjoon placed his laptop on Taehyung’s shins, just to make sure that he could get some work done--because even if it’s a “study date” he does actually need to do the study part of this date--but Taehyung has yet to complain. “I’m okay at them, I guess? They’re fine. And sure, a double date sounds good.” Namjoon shrugs. Taehyung really hasn’t had a bad idea yet. “I’ll keep you updated about what we decide to do, unless you have any suggestions?” Taehyung wiggles his toes where they’re touching Namjoon’s arms though his socks. Namjoon thinks he must be really into this practice relationship if he’s letting Taehyung do that. “I don’t, you pick,” Namjoon tells him, and so Taehyung does. They end up going bowling, which Namjoon doesn’t think is a bad choice, really. Namjoon has never met the couple that they’re going on this date with, but Seokjin and Hoseok seem nice enough from what Taehyung told him. Besides, Taehyung has good taste in friends, if his years long friendship with Jimin proves anything. Hoseok and Seokjin are waiting inside when Namjoon and Taehyung walk in. Hoseok waves them over to where they’ve already got the game set up and almost ready to go. “Hyung thinks that we should split up and mix and match the teams,” Hoseok says, once they’ve come over and they’ve all said their introductions. “What do you guys think?”“It would just make everything more interesting.” Seokjin shrugs. “I’ll only be sure about the amount you love me after I crush you in bowling, Hobi-ah.” Hoseok laughs at this, so loud that people at the table turn to look at him, before turning to Namjoon. “You look like you’re good at bowling, I pick you.” “I’m okay.” “Well, I’m great, Seokjin hyung, don’t worry,” Taehyung says, jumping up and down on his toes a little. “I hope so, because I’m counting on you,” Seokjin tells him, clapping Taehyung’s shoulder. “We have to crush them.” It turns out that Seokjin wasn’t joking when he said that he was counting on Taehyung to help, because he isn’t very good. Hoseok, though, seems like he’s good luck and he and Namjoon end up winning. “Ah, hyung, I’m heartbroken,” Taehyung says, slumping dejectedly on the bench. “Don’t worry, I will treat you with nothing but dignity after your loss,” Namjoon says, patting Taehyung’s hand sympathetically. Taehyung makes a face, but Namjoon can tell that he’s trying not to smile. He fails at that quickly, showing that he’s laughing.Hoseok walks up behind Seokjin and whispers something in his ear, making Seokjin laugh, and push him away. Seokjin stands up, “Namjoon, do you want to come with me to get drinks? I’ll pay.” “Uh, sure,” Namjoon gets up, looking at Taehyung, who just shrugs. “How long have you known Taehyung?” Seokjin asks when they’re waiting in line.“I guess a couple of years, give or take. His best friend is dating my best friend, so it’s that kind of thing.” “And now you’re dating?”Namjoon grimaces. He’s not had to really explain what he and Taehyung are doing. It does kind of seem like they’re dating now--the good morning texts, the extra hanging out that they never did before, the dates on the weekends. But Namjoon has to tell himself that this is all just practice. He forgets himself, sometimes, but then Taehyung will say or suggest something that reminds him that, oh yeah, none of this is real. Taehyung is doing this because he’s a good person and, for some reason, he seems to really like Namjoon. Taehyung seems to really like everyone, though, and that’s what just seems to make Taehyung...Taehyung. He’s good and sweet and he really would make a great boyfriend, or person to date, or whatever. Sometimes Namjoon feels like they really are dating, when he lets himself get too deep in it.He doesn’t know what else to say that makes oh yeah he’s letting me hang out with him so I can practice being a better boyfriend sound any less pathetic and weird. So he gives the best answer that he can.“Sort of. It’s weird. It’s a weird...thing.” Seokjin just looks at him carefully. “Hm, well. Taehyung’s never been a ‘sort of’ kind of guy. And I’m pretty sure he’s talked about you before, just in passing, but he always seemed really impressed.” “He...did?” “Yeah, I’m pretty sure that he’s always been impressed by how smart you are, or something. I told you, I don’t remember the details. Just know that the sort of thing...it might not last forever.” Seokjin turns to look at where Hoseok and Taehyung are sitting, heads close together, laughing at something on Hoseok’s phone. His face softens slightly. He sounds so worried that Namjoon can’t find it within himself to say that it’s all fake. So he just says, “I know,” because that much he does, at least. This won’t last forever.  “Why are we doing this again?” Namjoon asks, slightly out of breath, carrying two sleeping bags. In front of him is Taehyung, wearing a backpack that’s full of “things they would need” according to Taehyung, whatever that meant. “Sometimes, you’re going to want spontaneity in your relationship, hyung,” Taehyung tells him. “It’s romantic. And fun! Really fun.” “So this means you’re not going to tell me what we’re doing, are you?” “Nope! You’ll see, hyung, it’s really fun.” He brings them to an area of campus that’s all grass and trees before finally stopping. “Here it is, the best place on campus to see the stars. I even brought us binoculars!” Namjoon isn’t too sure about this, but he lays out the sleeping bags while Taehyung unpacks the backpack. It’s full of snacks and chocolate, and binoculars, and bottles of water. Taehyung grabs one of them and examines how far apart Namjoon put the sleeping bag, and immediately moves his closer to Namjoon’s so that they’re touching. “The stars are nothing special here, but there’s still nice,” Taehyung tells him. Namjoon let him have the binoculars first. “At my grandparent’s farm, sometimes we went out to look at the stars in the field. You didn’t need binoculars then, just your eyes, and it’s like there were oceans and oceans of stars. When I was little I used to think that if I reached high enough, I’d touch some. But I never did. I don’t think that made me stop believing any, though. I think there’s still a part of me that thinks if I really try, I can reach the stars.” He laughs then. “Sorry, listen to me. I sound like an old person.” “No, that’s nice,” Namjoon tells him, voice softer than he means for it to be. Something about what Taehyung just told him humbled him, a little. “It’s good to have something to reach for like that, even if it’s impossible. Wanting something like that sounds...nice.” It’s an inadequate word, but Namjoon can’t leave Taehyung hanging like that. Taehyung laughs again, but it’s less uncomfortable now. “I guess. Here, your turn.” He hands Namjoon the binoculars, and Namjoon looks up at the sky with them. He has to focus them a little, but once they clear up he can see what Taehyung is talking about. The stars are pretty tonight and Taehyung is so close to him, so close but they aren’t touching. Namjoon is just hyper aware of him, even while looking at the stars. There might not be oceans and oceans of them here, in the city, away from Taehyung’s grandparent’s farm, but Namjoon thinks that he can imagine what it would be like there, looking at that small piece of the galaxy, with Taehyung even closer than he is now. “What’s this date supposed to teach me?” Namjoon asks as they move through the crowd. It’s around sunset now and the air is cool. “That sometimes you should take advantage of free stuff?” Taehyung laughs. “I don’t know, hyung. Just to have fun, I guess.”And so they do, stopping at the booths for certain clubs, and buying whatever catches their eye. Taehyung decides, in the middle of this, to teach Namjoon the art of couple selfies, and posts a few on his Instagram. They look cute, Namjoon guesses, and likes all the pictures that Taehyung takes immediately after he posts them.Tomorrow is the day when the idol groups are coming to perform, so it isn’t too crowded. Still, Namjoon keeps close, and his hand keeps bumping into Taehyung’s. It makes something electric jolt on Namjoon’s skin whenever that happens, but Namjoon doesn’t pull away. Eventually, after a lot of this, Taehyung takes Namjoon’s hand and threads their fingers together. Namjoon can’t help but gasp. Taehyung grins at him. “Don’t be afraid to hold someone’s hand, hyung.” “Okay, I won’t.” Namjoon hopes that Taehyung can’t tell that his heart is beating some kind of rapid beat that Namjoon’s never heard before. He takes a deep breath to steady himself, and then keeps walking. He knows this isn’t real, that it’s all practice, but it for the first time it feels real, with Taehyung’s hand in his. They continue to walk around the festival like that, and Taehyung doesn’t let go. Namjoon expects him to, keeps waiting for it, but Taehyung keeps holding on like he’s oblivious to this. Namjoon hasn’t held hands with someone in so long. It’s nicer than he remembers it being, so he doesn’t let go either. They’re at the photography club’s booth, which is basically an exhibit of their latest works, when Namjoon sees Jennie. She’s holding hands with a girl from their biology program whose name Namjoon is pretty sure is Nayeon. They’re smiling at each other like they know a secret, and Jennie’s smile is doing that thing where Namjoon is pretty sure she’s sending out sparkles again. It’s been a couple of months since their date, and they’ve been just fine doing their projects again. It had been awkward, after their first date, but eventually things thawed again and they were friends. Still, he didn’t expect to see her here, and especially not holding someone else’s hand. But then again, Namjoon thinks, looking down at where his fingers are locked with Taehyung’s, he’s here with someone too. “Oppa!” Jennie calls when she sees him, waving with her free hand. She pulls Nayeon over with her. “Hey, Jennie. Nayeon. This is Taehyung, my-” Namjoon pauses, unsure of what to say. How does someone describe Taehyung to begin with? He wouldn’t know where to start.“Nayeon! I didn’t know you were coming tonight.” Taehyung saves him. “Jennie dragged me.” Nayeon and Jennie make a face at each other, and then turn away, laughing. “We’re about to go head over to the sports’ clubs section,” Jennie says, looking at Namjoon. She looks happy, and Namjoon’s glad. He just feels weird, though, and he doesn’t know why. “Do you guys want to come too?”Taehyung glances at Namjoon, and maybe sees something on his face, because he says, “We just came from there. But it was good to see you both.” “Yeah definitely,” Nayeon says with a smile, and walks away with Jennie, their hands swinging between them. “I didn’t know you knew Nayeon,” Namjoon says once they’re out of earshot. “Yeah, I kinda...know a lot of people? You know Jennie?”“Yeah, she’s the girl I went on that date with before the whole...practice thing happened. We’re friends, it was just weird, I guess, seeing her with you. Sorry if we made it weird.” “Not weird at all,” Taehyung says, even though Namjoon notices that his grip on Namjoon’s hand loosens some. They walk through the rest of the festival, until they finally reach the end of the booths and reach the quiet part of campus. “Now what?” Namjoon asks. Taehyung finally lets go of his hand, but he smiles. “Now you buy me ice cream, hyung.” So he does, at the place near his and Yoongi’s apartment. Taehyung eats it with gusto, even though they had just eaten so much at the festival. When he’s done, he looks at Namjoon with the spoon hanging out of his mouth before placing it on the table. “Hyung?” he asks, his voice soft. “Hm?” “Can I listen to some of your rap stuff that you still have on your computer now?” Namjoon freezes. He hasn’t let anyone do that in a long, long time. And yet, he finds that he can’t say no when Taehyung is looking up at him like that, his eyes wide and clear and earnest. “Um, sure,” he says finally. Taehyung chatters about meaningless things as they make the walk up to Namjoon’s apartment. Namjoon doesn’t really have much to add, so he doesn’t, but Taehyung doesn’t seem to mind. Namjoon doesn’t know why he’s so nervous. He gave this stuff up a long time ago. And yet here he is, worried about what Taehyung’s going to think. The comments that he got online had been mostly positive, and obviously Yoongi--whose opinion really does matter to Namjoon--had liked it. But still, he can feel his stomach fluttering from nerves. “You know, I’ve never been to you and Yoongi hyung’s place before,” Taehyung says, looking around. “Well, it’s a shithole, but not completely bad,” Namjoon tells him. “Let me go get my laptop, I’ll be back.” Taehyung’s settled on the couch by the time Namjoon comes back. “I’m excited to hear this, hyung,” he says, once Namjoon has sat beside him. “It’s nothing special,” Namjoon tells him, but Taehyung waves his hands as if to shush him when Namjoon presses play. Namjoon can only hear the flaws, now that it’s been years. He cringes at some of the lyrics, at the way the bass drops at some parts, the melody in others. There’s so much that he would do differently now, if he got the chance. But Taehyung seems to like it. “This is really good, hyung,” he says, once both songs are finished. “Do you have anything else?”“No. It’s like I said, it’s all gone now.” “That’s sad. I think...” Taehyung pauses, unsure of himself in a way that Namjoon’s never really seen him before. “I think there’s something special about your music. It’s like...I can feel that you really cared about it. Like a piece of your heart, or something like that, I don’t know.” “Maybe,” Namjoon says. “You should go back to that one day, if you want,” Taehyung tells him. “I would listen to it, if you did. I’d get front row seats and everything. You’re so...good, hyung. You’re a good person and you’re smart and funny and talented. Even though not everyone you meet is going to appreciate that, remember it, okay?” Taehyung is looking at Namjoon as seriously as he’s ever seen him, and Namjoon feels a lump grow in his throat like an idiot. He doesn’t know why hearing these things from Taehyung is affecting him like this, but it is, and it kind of hurts a little. He thinks again of the way his last boyfriend had said It’s not you, it’s me like it was Namjoon’s fault. Maybe it’s stupid to put this much weight onto what someone else thinks. Or if other people want to date him, be around him. He knows that, he does, but he can’t help it sometimes. And here’s Taehyung, someone who’s not dating him, who is doing him a favor by letting Namjoon “practice” (and now, seriously, Namjoon finds this whole situation so strange and doesn’t know why he agreed in the first place, looking at Taehyung like this) with him, saying these things. It’s just a lot. It’s a lot to take in. Namjoon has to have a minute before he can speak. “Maybe I will,” he says finally. “Yeah?” Namjoon smiles, taking in Taehyung’s earnestness again. “Yeah.”  Namjoon doesn’t really notice that something’s wrong until the end of their study date. Taehyung has been a little quieter than usual today, but Namjoon had chalked it up to the fact that his workload was bigger than usual. But Taehyung doesn’t just look busy--he looks sad. His lips are drawn down at the corners and he doesn’t really respond to anything that Namjoon says, which isn’t much, but it’s noticeable. Taehyung is just the sort of person that’s all over the place, but in a good way. Like you can’t contain him. Today, he seems very contained, and Namjoon doesn’t like that. So before they’re both about to leave, their homework in their backpacks, Namjoon decides to just ask. “What’s wrong?”Taehyung looks up at him, smiling, but it’s wilted at the ends. His eyes look tired. “What do you mean? I’m fine.” “You’re not,” Namjoon pushes on, even though he’d like to not have to push. “Did something happen?” Taehyung looks at him for a long time, his face completely blank, before he covers it with his hands. “Remember when I told you about my dog?” “Soonshim?”Taehyung looks out from behind his hand. “Yeah, that’s him. Anyway, he got really sick over the past month or so. So they’re putting him to sleep today.” Taehyung’s face crumples, a little, before he smooths it out again. “Sorry, I know it’s stupid.” “It’s not stupid. You love him.” Namjoon thinks about Rap Mon, and how much he loves his dumb dog, even when Rap Mon doesn’t seem to like him most days. “Anyone who thinks it’s stupid to be upset when a pet dies has never been attached to one before. It’s not stupid, Taehyung, I promise.” “Sorry, it’s just really hard. And my little brother and sister are both upset and I can’t be with them to help. I just feel really sad about everything right now.” Namjoon doesn’t want to overwhelm Taehyung, or overstep, but he thinks about what Taehyung told him the week before. Don’t be afraid to hold someone’s hand, hyung. So he reaches out and wraps his arm around Taehyung’s shoulder. Taehyung stills for a moment before he burrows himself into Namjoon’s chest. He doesn’t cry or shake but he does just breath, taking comfort from Namjoon’s nearness and warmth, if nothing else. When he pulls away he looks a little less tightly wound, but obviously still upset. “Sorry, hyung,” he says, “I don’t know if I’ll be up to planning anything for this weekend.” “Let me do it,” Namjoon tells him. “It can be like a final test or something, I don’t know. If you still want to hang out this weekend, of course. I’ll understand if you wouldn’t want to. We can always do it later. Just, our next date, let me plan it. Okay?”“Okay,” Taehyung breathes. “I’d like that, Namjoon. I’d like that a lot.”  Taehyung says that he wants the distraction, so Namjoon picks him up at ten on that Saturday. It’s his first time picking up Taehyung, instead of the other way around, so he’s a little nervous for some reason. He just wants this to go well. And not even just for their practice boyfriend experiment. Just for Taehyung. Jimin is the one that opens the door, and he smirks when he sees Namjoon. “TaeTae, your practice boy is here,” Jimin calls over his shoulder. “Coming!” Namjoon hears Taehyung say, and then he hears a very loud thud and something crashing to the floor. “Um.” “Don’t worry, he’s fine,” Jimin reassures him, and he’s right, because moments later Taehyung pops up. “All right. Where are we going, hyung?” Taehyung asks. “You’ll see,” Namjoon says. “I want today to be a surprise.” They go to the Museum of Art first, just because there’s a really cool exhibit there that Taehyung had mentioned that he wanted to go see. They spend about two hours there, just walking around, talking about art. Taehyung seems to know a lot of random facts about art that, as their visit goes on, seems less random more like knowledge out of genuine curiosity. After that they go to the park and have a picnic, complete with a blanket and cheese and everything, under one of the trees. Taehyung seems brighter under the sunlight coming through the trees, and Namjoon finds himself wanting to write lyrics about it, which is a weird thing. Maybe his conversation with Taehyung about his music had more weight than he had thought. Once they’re done with that, they walk around the park for an hour, just talking some more before Namjoon leads them back to the animal shelter where Taehyung had brought them before. “We don’t have to go in,” Namjoon says as Taehyung stares up at the sign with a blank expression. “I just thought that you might want to play with something fluffy today. And if you don’t we can just go home.” “You don’t need to practice anymore,” Taehyung says, letting it go in one big breath. Like if he doesn’t get it all out now he never will. “You’re a good boyfriend, Namjoon hyung. You never really needed to practice, just confidence I think. You’ve been nothing but great this entire time. But, thank you for today. It was really fun. All of our practice dates were fun. But I don’t think we need to go on them anymore.”“So do you want to go in and play with the dogs? I called Jeongguk beforehand and he said it’s fine, even if we don’t volunteer-” Namjoon can’t stop himself from blurting. “No, I want to. You’re right. I want to pet something fluffy.” So they go inside and pet every single dog. And when Namjoon almost gets knocked over by Tiny, again, Taehyung laughs. It’s a lovely sound, after he’s been so subdued all week. By the end of it all, Namjoon can’t help but feel sad that this is all going to be over. He walks Taehyung home anyway, and when they’re standing in front of Taehyung’s building they stare at each other. This is the part where they’d kiss each other, if this was a real date. Namjoon can’t believe how much he wants to kiss Taehyung. Without the word “practice” attached to the front. “Well,” Taehyung says, “I’ll see you around?” “Yeah,” Namjoon says, instead of bending down to kiss Taehyung like he really wants. “See you.”  “I think I found someone for you to go out with,” Taehyung says, the next time he sees Namjoon, which is two weeks later. He’d asked Namjoon to eat lunch with him, the way he used to when they were practicing, and Namjoon had immediately agreed. “He’s tall, and funny, and an exchange student from China. And he’s really good at English, like you! So I thought, ‘why not set him up with Namjoon hyung’ and he said that he would be interested in meeting you!” Namjoon stares at Taehyung. This is a lot to take in. “You set me up...on a blind date?” “Yeah! You can finally put our practice into practice.” Taehyung dims a little. “I mean, if you don’t want to go out with him, that’s fine. I just thought that you might want-”“No, no,” Namjoon is quick to reassure him. “I want to. I’ll meet him.” Taehyung beams, and for the first time Namjoon lets himself acknowledge how much he’s missed this. Taehyung’s good morning and goodnight texts, his creative dates. Just his presence in general. They hadn’t had much contact since then, going back into their regular routine, and Namjoon has felt an absence. “Great,” he says, and finally bites into his sandwich. Namjoon will go out with this Jackson guy, too see Taehyung smile like that again, if for no other reason. He’ll put forth his best effort, too. He can be a good boyfriend, Taehyung said so. He believes it.  Jackson is just as great as Taehyung said he would be. He’s funny and sweet and interesting and well travelled. He has a lot of interesting stories but he always listens to Namjoon, and asks him questions, and always seems interested in what Namjoon has to say. The only thing wrong with him, the only thing wrong with tonight, is that Jackson isn’t Taehyung. Otherwise everything would be five stars ten out of ten would do again. So when Jackson asks, “Can I see you again?” Namjoon has to say with a heavy heart, “No, sorry. I think...I think I like someone else.” “Okay,” Jackson says easily, putting his hands into his pockets. “Can we be friends, then? You’re a really cool guy, Namjoon. Taehyung was right about that.” “Sure, we can be friends. I’d like that a lot. I have to go now, though, sorry. I have something I need to tell someone.”  Taehyung is the one that opens the door when Namjoon knocks. Namjoon was so thankful that Taehyung had answered when he text him, and that he seems to be the only one home right now. “What is it?” Taehyung asks. He has his glasses on right now, which he never had for any of their dates. They make him look a little more grown up. Namjoon is so endeared that he would go as far as calling it cute. “Was the date that bad?” “No, it was great. Jackson was great. You were right.” “Oh.” Taehyung’s face falls for a moment before he looks at Namjoon, smiling. “I’m glad, hyung. I thought you two might fit together.” “He was really great, and I think he really liked me, but we won’t be having a second date.” “What? You just said that it went well.” Namjoon shrugs. “It did. But there’s someone else that I like more, I think.” Taehyung freezes. “Who?” he asks finally. Namjoon decides to just go for it, just this once. “You,” he says. “It’s you, Taehyung. I want to date you for real this time.” Taehyung smiles, and it’s like the entire world just became three shades brighter. “I want to date you too.”  Their first date is kind of a disaster. Namjoon tries to cook Taehyung something, wanting to have a date where they stay in just this once. The instructions said that this was a recipe so easy that anyone could do it, and that no one could mess it up, but well. Namjoon turns his back on the pan on the stove for too long and he and Taehyung end up having to turn on all the fans and open all the windows in his and Yoongi’s apartment to let out the smoke before the fire alarm could catch a hint of it. “Take out?” Namjoon asks while fanning the stove with one of his class folders. Yoongi is going to kill him when he comes home. “Pizza?” Taehyung asks. “That sounds great” Namjoon says, leaning in to kiss Taehyung, just because he can. Taehyung gets on his tiptoes to kiss him back, and it’s the realest thing Namjoon thinks that he’s felt in a long time. And as far first dates go, the rest of theirs is pretty perfect.



Afterword


End Notes
i have a twitter and a curiouscat.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



