



The Long Walk - Umbreon_ly - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Long Walk
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15316758.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category:
F/M, M/M
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Bakugou Katsuki/Midoriya Izuku
Character:
Midoriya Izuku, Bakugou Katsuki, Yaoyorozu Momo, Todoroki Shouto, Kirishima Eijirou, Ashido Mina, Background & minor characters
Additional Tags:
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics, Omega Verse, Alpha Bakugou Katsuki, Omega Midoriya Izuku, Omegas are to be feared, Bullying is discussed, Bakugou Katsuki is Bad at Feelings, And self aware of it and regrets it, Izuku is bitter and pretends he's not, Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Izuku did not attend UA, Hurt/Comfort, In a pathetic way done by two repressed people, Developing Relationship, Relationship Fixing, Protective Bakugou Katsuki, Can't say I'll ever finish this
Stats:

        Published: 2018-07-16
        Words: 11873
      

The Long Walk
by Umbreon_ly
Summary
Bakugou came out on top of nearly everything, because he deserved it, because he wanted it, because he told himself so. When a sickness came and upended the hero and civilian worlds, he rose up as an alpha. An alpha pro, shattering rogue villains and cleaning up the new dynamic world. He froze in his tracks for the first time in five years when he saw Izuku Midoriya in the middle of nowhere, for the first time in five years. Bakugou is terrified. He was alone, it seemed. Dressed like a hero but quirkless, it seemed, the only person left alive not changed into any dynamic, it seemed. Bakugou approached him. He wants to apologize. Izuku wants to leave. So he runs.Bakugou gives chase. He won't leave him behind this time.
Notes
This story was inspired by a "post apocalypse AU fanart" by qouii on tumblr. I saw it in October 2017 and spent the next 8 - 9 months slowly writing a fic inspired by it (although the fic is overall less dark and not a legit "post apocalypse.") See here: https://qouii.tumblr.com/post/164246063053/post-apocalypse-au-katsudeku-where-izuku-stays

          See the end of the work for more notes




The Long Walk

  --They fell down together. Almost in tandem. Wild trickles of their blood were shooting upward as they went down. Rocks hit his head and his legs as he fell through a new opening in the ground to a cave down below. The moving rocks blocked, blurred, revealed the light above them in lightning flashes so quickly it hurt his eyes. His body was numbed, extremities almost cold. Then he hit ground and the impact shocked him.The ground pushed into him when he hit it like it held a grudge and wanted him to hurt. He was trained for worse pain than this, and he was a king now, but it hurt. God, it hurt. The strength of that grudge had crushed something in him. A muscle stretched too taut, or a cracked bone pushing into something that he didn’t want to think about. Pain. Pain. It ate his whole left side. It wasn’t enough pain to stop him. But the sight of the stranger who’d fallen in with him had stopped him. He panted, he shuddered. He saw glimpses in the corners of his eyes of nightmares he hadn’t thought about for years.The hero’s mask he wore had been pushed slightly askew. His eyes were opening wider than the eye holes would allow, so his view of the other boy across the cave floor was being ringed by quivering, vibrating black.The other boy had a name but he didn’t dare think what it was. In his mind, that name was decorated with fingerprints from how often he handled it and pretended to avoid it. Now it was poison.A long inhale brought a brought a sharp, hateful stinging sensation to his left shoulder and abdomen, the side he’d landed on. He sank his whole torso in that direction, taking the pain, pushing his attention into it. Hurt, hurt, fucking hurt.With his better arm he reached to the left one to detach the grenade gauntlet from it. In a minute he’d get around to pulling his hand slowly out of it so its weight wasn’t dragging on his wrecked arm, he told himself. Now the gauntlet sat unlocked and loose on his forearm, but attention was thirty or forty feet forward, by the cave wall. A body had smacked against that wall and slid the last few feet down to land there. Already it was moving.It was the other victim of the sudden ambush aboveground. A shadow had blasted into his view from the side, green-black in color and running hard and swift along the ground like a sprinting rabbit. The rabbit didn’t flee, but attacked: it leaped towards one of the prowling villains like a predator would. The enemy was ambling over the ground one second and the next, when the rabbit appeared, it broke its body against concrete and dirt like the touch of the shadow was a living gunshot.From afar it was clear that the hit was a bone-breaking force, but he didn’t recognize the attacker for who they were, at first. He recognized them only as an enemy taking his prey from his territory. He had bared his teeth, prepared to attack even while another rogue alpha with monstrous teeth still was biting down onto him. But he lowered his lips. The shape, he knew it. He knew that person. It made no sense.The professional man and the beast in him were both unable to react. And then the monster-mouthed villain holding him in its mouth let go, and the ground collapsed, and then they both fell. And here he was.Now the shadow was motionless, stripped from a deadly gunshot to an empty gun. Rocks had filled in most of the hole above and left scattered beams of sunset light for them to see by down here. It was enough to display the shadow as being definitely green, a dark shade like ferns and forests. A color that there wasn’t much of here. For the alpha pros defending the coast from the wild packs, there was nothing unburnt and no urban site left unstripped. This green thing might have been a hero back before all this. For all the variety in style and material from the old industry, the aesthetic of a hero’s costume was unmistakable. And he didn’t know who it was. Till now. Now, he wanted to pull away.The body was moving. His pupils dilated and his breath drained out in a long gasp that the cave amplified and echoed. The sound of his own awe was foreign. Maybe it wasn’t awe. He didn’t want to admit what it might be.He would stand first and speak first, he thought, and get ahead of this. Even after he recognized who he was looking at, he knew the threat was great. The threat of what he might find if he walked closer was greater than what was above the ground even now. This one was digging underneath his skin. Bakugou Katsuki was a king, the owner of this region, and he would not be threatened.This surety swept through the cold dread that held him and he rose up like he always did, not unhurt, but unstoppable. He hissed his breath through clenched teeth and pebbles were brushed aside by his breath. His good hand slapped down onto the ground and he pushed himself up. The grenade gauntlet on his left arm fell off easily, and he cared nothing for the right one, so didn’t even bother to unclip it. It stayed on. The green shadow-man was still face-down on the cave floor, himself attempting to stand up.Bakugou crossed the cave floor in slower steps than he expected. His legs were taking his commands only lazily. He tightened his core muscles in an exaggerated fashion to keep his torso from leaning in absurd directions. The bite from that wild alpha with crocodile’s teeth had done something to him. Maybe it wasn’t just a man with a beast’s head, but toxic saliva as well. But a minor explosion from one palm had flattened it into a meaty smear just before he’d fallen in here.He crossed the final distance separating him from the face-down shadow. Only by seeing with his own eyes would he know if this really was him, or a copy or a fake, some stranger. If it was, he would flatten the bones in their face for daring to toy with him. If this was a fake, an enemy attempting impersonation, then it wouldn’t live. He would drop the body outside, where its pack would find it and get a good idea of what happens when people fucked with him.The shadow-man was alive and would get up soon. Bakugou perked his ears to listen to the noises he was making: the jagged, on-and-off gasps that meant painful breathing, wet inhales from blood in his throat. Getting closer and closer, passing the edge of one of the shafts of light, he saw more colors. A green outfit and green hair, very thick, flopping into the shadow’s eyes. His face was still turned down and out of his view. The shadow dared to hide from him.Bakugou was close enough to see him shivering with effort, pulling at reserves of strength that were empty. He attacked.He kicked out at the stranger’s fragile left shoulder and the kick forced him to lie on his side. But still he kept his head bowed and face out of sight. And he made no noise at all. So he kicked again. It nearly made Bakugou fall over. But with this hit, the enemy’s head and shoulders were knocked upwards and against the wall behind him. It turned his face towards him. The thump of him hitting the wall was pleasing. He brought out a second thump by dropping his boot down hard onto the exposed chest, to pin him there and see him better.“Who the hell are you,” he barked, even though he was nearly sure he knew. There was still time for it to be an unfortunate lookalike. It was not.It was not someone with a resemblance to him. It was him, an unsettling, dreamlike, almost too-optimistic older version of a child he hadn’t spoken to in years. Deku was a quirkless boy made up of squeaky awkwardness and twig limbs and big eyes that invited harassment. This person was slim and freckled and still pinned under his foot, but he wore an alien expression of defiance that Deku had never worn. He had a hard, tense body that had experienced some physical training that Deku had never done. He wore a hero’s outfit that Deku had never worn and he was not limply cowing under Bakugou’s glare or his heel.Bakugou Katsuki did not look so alien as him. The changes he’d seen and felt over the years hadn’t altered him, only intensified what was already there. He was dressed in harsh, hazardous colors: black, orange, green, exactly what his younger self had dreamed about. His younger self had dreamed of being tall and muscled and unstoppable, and he was. The soles of his boots could grind lesser men into dirt and they did, and the metal knee guards he wore could crack bones, and he had. He radiated hostility like a man who would use his new status to demand compliance, because he did. From childhood and even till now, Bakugou was mostly what he seemed to be.The person he’d tried to call things like a shadow and a rabbit-runner lay stiff and unmoving under his foot. One leg twitched, maybe kicked a bit. Like he didn’t know what to do or how to move. One of the sleeves on his green outfit was torn from wrist up to the elbow. A long scar showed on that skin. His face was Deku’s face. Izuku Midoriya’s face. Absolutely.Bakugou leaned a little closer. He was fascinated. He was unsure. The scent that came up towards him was plain sweat and no had signal to it.No signal. Like people had been before the sickness swept through and changed everyone. A trick?But for now, somehow, he put that oddity aside. He saw pictures of a child named Izuku in his mind. He saw the constant smiles and the wailing and saw him in his house, his school, trailing in his wake with pilotfish instinct. Everywhere. He remembered him so well.He said the name: “Deku.”Deku, no impostor, living and breathing right below him, took in a deep breath. It made his chest and the boot on top of it both lift up a little bit. Proof of life. For a moment, he did not say anything or acknowledge that a king had spoken to him. Bakugou waited.He took in another breath. One of his hands moved backwards a little, the fingers unclenched. “Y...Yes. It’s me. I...I didn’t know you were alive.”It was his voice. His face, his scent, and his voice. Midoriya Izuku had been abandoned four years ago, nearly five. He hadn’t been around him since their voices were cracking in middle school. But he was here now.“I saw you on TV last year,” he said, and took a heavy inhale. “You’re still here. Oh. I’m glad you’re okay.”Bakugou always dealt poorly with confusion. He spat out, “What. Are you doing here.” He pressed his boot harder. His heart was beating faster. “Did you actually leave a sanctuary zone?”“I, um. Yes,” he replied. Another inhale. “I volunteered. I went with a pro. We’re meeting south of here.” Unease was seeping from him. It chipped at the strength of his glare from before. Curious, the alpha tried his scent again. And then a third time. He found—nothing.It gave him pause. It made him try again and taste the air with nose and mouth both. He watched Deku’s movement’s for signs and leaned a little closer to take a better scent. Deku communicated by pulling back his head a little and an awkward pursing of his lips that he really did not like that. But he didn’t communicate it with scent, or with posture or teeth. He had none of it. He smelled like sweat and green grass. Nothing else.Bakugou’s mouth was parted in something like awe, again. “Have you changed?” He asked, even though he almost knew the answer.“I haven’t.” But he didn’t explain any further than that, so Bakugou pressed.“What symptoms have you had? What dynamic? You don’t smell like anything at all, what even happened to you?” Deku looked like he was going to reply to at least one of these things, but he didn’t even let him. “Almost like you don’t even have the disease.”He replied quietly, “Because I don’t.”Alive but not carrying the disease. There was no such thing anymore. “How?”“I couldn’t tell you how.” Deku stated in a clear voice that bordered on authoritative. “I’ve been exposed as much as anyone else has. But I never had any symptoms, this whole time. I stayed indoors when it was first happening. Missed the evacuations when people first started changing. But...I’ve never gotten sick.”“So you made it this long by staying indoors? Hiding?” he replied with a grin. That rang true to the cringing little child Izuku. The one he stepped on. He frowned.“That’s not true, I never hid. Through any of it.” Deku stated. He met the alpha’s eyes and his voice was so strangely clear and sure, but the rest of him wasn’t. His hands still twitched in the gravel by his sides and refused to lay a hand on Bakugou’s foot as though he feared to touch him. Bakugou searched for some awareness in his eyes of that mismatch, but there wasn’t any.Deku added, “I’ve been outside a lot. There’s been plenty of chances for me to make mistakes or run into the wrong people. But I—” The anxiety bled off of him now and the heartbeat under his boot was picking up. “Y-You, you changed. You’re one the bigger ones. That type is called kings, right?”The type he had become was obvious, and the statement itself was obvious bait. He ignored it and reached for that anxiety instead. “The fuck are you scared of? I’m not hurting you. No other rogue alphas are coming down here.”“I’m not—I’m not—” he said, and then took a breath and became more solid. “I’m fine. Sorry. Can you move your foot, please?”“Tell me why you left a sanctuary zone,” Bakugou said. “And where was it? What’s wrong with it? Did some wild ones break in? Pros turned too feral?”“No,” Deku said airily, with his brows pushing together. Like these ideas were very silly.“Then what?”“I just told you I’m meeting someone.”“What, you have a dentist appointment across the country? I’m not playing here.” He pushed his foot down harder on his chest. Hard enough that Deku’s arms at last came up from pressing on the ground and slapped onto his ankle to push it and reduce the pressure. He even felt his grip. “If you left a sanctuary zone for no reason, you are in some shit trouble. We don’t have to prosecute and throw people in jail anymore. It’s the pro’s judgment only. So talk. And quick. Why are you wearing that?”As he spoke, he gestured sharply with his chin towards the outfit. Deku read his accusation well enough. The outfit he wore had the aesthetic of any pro: colorful and recognizable, not to mention stretchy and durable and fire-retardant. It was meant for men and women with quirks for destruction and rescue. Deku had never manifested anything, much as he longed to and cried for it.Deku said, “It’s my costume.”Pushing his boot down, Bakugou told him, “No, it’s not, Deku. You tell me who you fucking stole it from. If you actually stripped it from a pro’s dead body, I’m going to fucking end you.”He raised his palm and the fire-retardant glove it wore, and he let the smoke seep through it from his palm. This threat didn’t change Deku’s expression. He held himself like a lion.“This is my outfit, and I didn’t steal from anyone. It’s mine.” Deku replied. His hands were tight on Bakugou’s ankle and he did not explain himself further.Bakugou fired one shot from his palm. One hot, hard firecracker shot, the size of a rice grain, burst on the ground near Deku’s ear. Deku’s head jerked and he yelped in surprise. Bakugou exhaled at that freak composure finally fading, at finally having cowed him for a second.“Quit that,” Deku grumbled with annoyance. His right eye had gotten the brighter burst of the flash, and it was squinting more than the left, but besides that he did not look bothered. “Little hard to talk with your foot on me. Can you move?”“Give me a reason to believe you’re not a thief or I’m taking a slice of your ear.” Ignoring whatever reply Deku gave to that, Bakugou examined the outfit, which was mostly green. Black, shock-absorbing pieces over the legs, beige gloves, fat red shoes like a child posing as a basketball player. There was a metal piece around his collar that looked like an animal’s lower jaw, with points on the top side like fangs. Best Jeanist would have liked it for adding a touch of cool-ness to sharpen the look. But the outfit itself didn’t speak of any particular quirk or specialty. Here in the dirt and the half-dark, maybe he looked like a plumber.“I never said it was a pro outfit. It’s a sidekick outfit.” Deku admitted with a toss of his head, moving his thick hair. “It’s mine. I ordered it, I designed it. Myself. It was my senior project in high school. Okay? Now move your foot!” And Deku moved it for him.Deku’s grip warped the shape of the skin on Bakugou’s ankle. For the past minute it had been tight, and in an instant his ankle was being strangled. Deku pushed his former friend’s foot up and then away so that he could sit up. The only sound in the cave was a soft scratch of gravel as Bakugou set his slightly hurt foot on the ground.Once Deku sat up, he was even more an enigma than before. His hand was nursing his much-abused stomach as he sat up a light groan as though from a stomachache and not an alpha pushing down on his ribs. As though he weren’t the only man alive who didn’t carry and manifest the disease, no dynamic to speak of, no quirk, no protectors, no explanation, some-fucking-how no particular reaction to seeing Katsuki again. Only his face seemed familiar and right, as well as this perspective. So many of their memories of each other were of Deku looking up at him while Katsuki looked down.He was trying to keep steady and not lose himself. He said, “Tell me who in the fuck would take a quirkless apprentice.”Deku’s breathing had become normal and even again. Now sitting up, he answered, “Twintail. She’s from Miranata. The Long-reaching Hero.”“Who the hell is that.”“Her quirk is Double-tail,” Deku explained. He sounded casual. “She reaches into broken buildings with her tails and grabs people from under rubble. Or she’ll lower us into the rubble and we’ll work to dig people out, and then she’ll lift us and the victim up to safety.”It wasn’t appropriate or whatever, but Bakugou fucking laughed. “That is the most dumbfuck idea I’ve heard in life. That hero won’t lower her own selfish ass into the rubble?”“I asked to help her, and she lets me,” Deku asserted. “I’m sorry I had to take up your time, but I have to go. I’m glad you’re okay.” With one hand on the ground to steady him, he started to stand up.It wasn’t appropriate or whatever, but Bakugou almost laughed. “You’re not leaving,” he told his former friend. The cave carried an echo of it: leaving. “Not until you tell me how you got here. How you lived this long. I can’t fucking believe that you made it this long.” He had to pause to absorb the sight: Izuku alive, outside of his mind. “So, you don’t have a quirk. And you never got the disease and haven’t changed? Don’t fucking play me. Deku, there’s no cure. There’s no immunity. And there’s also no pro hero who’d take a quirkless, disease-less sidekick on and make you do her job for her and then make you go to a sanctuary on foot, by yourself. Explain whatever you’re actually up to. Now.”No sound. No gravel shifting, no breathing. Then somewhere aboveground, a building was shifting and dropping pieces of concrete onto the ground. It made the cave walls softly vibrate.Deku, now standing, actually said to him, “It’s none of your business.”Far to the north in another sanctuary camp, there was an insolent bitch who had said those exact words to Bakugou’s face six months ago and he’d clawed some skin off of their chest and how his left hand buzzed with the need to do it again. He could hurt lesser beasts till they cried and lowered into submission. But he couldn’t claw Deku like that. That’d be bad. Could not. Should not. Deku himself could not decipher what Bakugou’s blank face meant.Deku broke eye contact to dismiss or hide from a reply that was not coming. “I’m on an assignment from another pro. I don’t care if you believe me, but it’s true,” he said. “I did leave a sanctuary zone, because I volunteered, but I’m on my way to another. I left two weeks ago and I’ve been okay by myself, so you don’t need to worry about leaving a helpless civilian, all right?”“I’m not leaving a quirkless civilian here alone. Doesn’t matter who sent you. That decision’s way above your pay grade, Deku,” was Bakugou’s reply, but it was nothing like he wanted to say.Instead of biting his tongue in frustration about how this conversation wasn’t going how he wanted, he was distracted by a stronger unease-anxiety-fear-scent coming from Deku, like a fresh sheen of sweat.Deku looked up, almost looking through his hair, almost looking shy. “You could just pretend you never saw me?” he offered. “It’d be easier for you to not have to deal with me.”“Not how it works,” he replied. The firm tone of voice would push down reluctant betas’ heads, and it made Deku bow his head passively as well. The side of his neck was visible now and Bakugou’s shoulders lost some of their tension at the sight of it.“I really am a sidekick,” his former friend said again, slowly meeting his eyes again. “I know I can’t make you believe me. And that’s fine. You don’t need to.” His mouth made a ‘pap’ sound from his mouth closing so quickly. Stopping himself from saying something further. “I’m sorry for...um, falling here, the...rocks, up there...” And then he stopped fully.Bakugou stopped too. He stopped knowing even a scrap of what the hell was going on here. He felt like he was in high school for a few uncomfortable breaths. Unsure. Waiting, angry. Unsure why the street above had caved in to land them both here, still feeling that sting in his left side, still waiting for a goddamn explanation, still holding his animal reactions at arm’s length for a reason he didn’t understand. He broke eye contact once, confused.Time was dragging. Deku leaned most of his weight from from one obnoxiously red shoe to another and grasped his right arm with his left hand. There was this sskrrsccch noise of fabric moving against itself as his glove slid up and down his sleeve and it lasted ten long, godawful seconds.Bakugou stood still and watched him. Neither one could talk, or leave.He tried again. He tried to say what he meant.“So how’d you—” Pause. Awkward. This was shameful and worse than high school and it felt like shame. “How’d you get the sidekick job. With Twintail.”Pause. Deku’s expression shifted through a couple shades of confusion. “It was on a notice board at my college the first month I was there. I applied online,” he said. “And that’s it.”“She was just like, fine with quirkless people applying?”“She was.”That nothing-answer had them both frowning. And waiting. “So you liked it? Learned some paramedic shit?”What are you asking me this for? said Deku’s face. But Deku’s words were, “I did. A lot of the people I helped would come up pretty badly hurt. But they could get that chance to recover that they deserved.” He stopped there, at what seemed like the beginning of a story. “So you’re a combat hero, right? Your quirk could really—”“What the hell are you hiding?”The cave echoed it. Are you hiding? “I’m not hiding anything,” Deku said with a little indignation, enough to fake modesty, enough to show his awareness of what he was doing, and goddamn, Bakugou could smell it.Even if his nose were sliced off, he would still know he was right, because Deku’s old motormouth was now conveniently coming alive. “I’m sure it’s weird to have to see me again. And I, I really thought I’d never see you again, either. Except on TV whenever we get that back, it’s back in Tokyo and Hosu, I heard. I heard. But I told you exactly what I’m doing, and that I’m even here is more than enough to show that you don’t need to waste your own time escorting me to a sanctuary, because I can make the rest of the way on my own an—”"Shut up. Shut the hell up.” And he did. “You talk in circles any more and I’ll break your fucking legs and haul you to a sanctuary on my shoulder. I’m giving you a chance to tell the truth, you lying little shitbag. I can smell that fear on you. Anybody could. You can’t fool me.”This time he didn’t talk back. He had gone still, like a rabbit, and his eyes were wide, like he knew he was cornered. Bakugou hadn’t meant to draw the truth out of him that way, not now.“You—” Bakugou stopped in his bout of yelling and took in a breath, like he was taught, and remade his present thought with different words. “Doesn’t matter that you made it this far out. Can’t let anybody quirkless out on their own. I’ll take you somewhere.”This almost-calm declaration had stunned Deku to the point that his jaw hung open and he gaped like his entire brain had suddenly vacated. “That. Um. Th-that’s not necessary. I’m really grateful but I can—”Bakugou’s nails pinched into his palms and he was back to yelling. “I said shut up! Shut it with that fake humility horseshit! I’m trying to help you!” He started moving towards Deku, taking huge steps. Deku almost jumped out of his green sidekick suit. “You can’t stand“I don’t need help from you! Just stop! Please.” His hand stayed clamped on the opposite arm. He started backing away.“Will you quit trying to shake me like I’ve got lice or some shit?!”“That’s not what I—”“It’s like you think I’m gonna beat you up! I’m not in fucking middle school, all right?” Bakugou listened to his compulsion to lower his growl, to radiate one degree less aggression. “So if you’re worried about that, don’t be. Not gonna rag on your for being quirkless or you can’t pass English class.”They were close enough to throw punches and Bakugou was close enough to be stopped by the impossible affirmation that Deku did not have the dynamics disease, because he smelled like any person did before the sickness hit everyone. And he was close enough to smell that wave of anxiety from him again. With the grace of his dynamic he could read what it was up close. It read like an unpleasant sandpaper sensation in his head, and it said that Deku was afraid of him.Izuku was afraid, Izuku was afraid, Deku is afraid of the dark and of sharks, he remembers. He cried when he watched Jaws. There’s one Deku standing right in front of him, nearly a grown man, but he doesn’t see that one. He sees one in his memories that is ten years old, exactly ten, and curled up and squashed into a corner of his mother’s couch, and he is screaming.Katsuki had turned eleven not long ago. He jumps up to the couch to be nearer to Deku, and then he kicks him. A long, dragging wail cuts off suddenly, ends with a cough. Deku won’t shut up. Deku won’t shut up. This wasn’t what he was supposed to do.The springy cushions or his silly, flailing limbs made him bounce upward from the cushions, and Katsuki kicked again. He still won’t shut up, and Katsuki, ideas all drained, starts to panic. He grabs the little bottle and he hides it in the couch cushions beside his friend, so his right ear is tense and alert for parents coming to interrupt them and in the left is Izuku’s “AAAAAAAHH—” His mother is safe in a sanctuary now and he burned people alive to get her to safety but in this memory she is coming up the stairs and soon she’ll know the innocent and awful thing that he did.The little and filthy Katsuki and Izuku in his mind, and the hissing Mitsuki coming up the stairs, were flattened in his mind. The roof of the house caved in. Their bones were smashed and were dust in their bloodstreams. Skulls and pelvis and toes all slammed to the first floor of the house and their bodies now silent, flat smears of blood on the carpet. And then the house was, too, as the true and present Bakugou flattened the memory till he couldn’t see it or think it anymore. He didn’t let the rest of the story play out in his head.He’d thought about this enough. And his nostrils were flaring with a bullish impatience. This whole conversation was so awfully stilted and bad and he needed to say what he wanted to say right now, All Might’s words be fucking damned. His throat was closing up.“So. I’m. I was a little shitrag when we were kids.”Deku didn’t say anything and the cave gave them dead, cringing silence again. They both had to listen to Bakugou’s jagged inhale and hear in that he was afraid, too.For all the contorting in his expression, he kept at it. “I bet that’s why you’re sweating, right? Not happy to see me. Fine. Whatever. That’s like...” He paused for air and forced his gaze to connect back to Deku’s face. His eyes were so wide. “I was such a cunt sometimes. I know it.”“Okay,” said Deku tonelessly.“Total cunt. My general state of being was just a bratty little cunt and I should’ve gotten slapped.”No response.“And I said some shit to you, and like, acted in some. Fuckin’ ways. Stupid. Sorry for fucking you over on...stuff...on that weather project we did, fifth grade. I still remember that stupid-ass conference with the teacher.”“...Me too.”“Breaking the desks and shit.”“Uh-huh.”“...Yeah, so. Sorry. For that. And all the rest of it. For all of middle school. Elementary school, too. Every time I was talking shit to you. And for how I was to your mom.”“...”“I mean it. You didn’t deserve any of that. Sorry. Deku.”“...”“..?”“Please get away from me.”“What.”Deku’s hand clapped over Bakugou’s and swiped it off his shoulder. Then he turned and marched away with an admirably quick speed-walk. Bakugou almost bit his tongue “What—hey! Get back here!” He pursued him. Already Deku slowed and turned to face him again. “I’m apologizing! You should be fucking grateful! And you should also be addressing me by my fucking name, do you even remember what my name is?!”This time Deku looked terrified, and he fought himself to look calm. “Yes, I do. I do.” And several stupid, stuttering noises came out of his mouth: Ka was first. Ka from Kacchan. Then Buh and Bah and other syllables that weren’t Kacchan, and then Deku just stopped even trying.Deku did not call him anything at all. “Please. I want to go my own way. I’m not trying to start a fight with you.” Deku’s head was just slightly bowed, but the alpha still reacted as though challenged, because he was. His offer was rejected. His first kindness in years, ignored.“If you’re hiding something and refusing to even talk to me, then yes you fucking are.” Bakugou let go of the quivering hand that was holding his weak human patience in place. Deku saw the change and he froze.Bakugou had lived through the disease and the change that everyone left in the world had lived through. It ate through every quirk and every person and its effects couldn’t be ignored. He showed his long fangs that could punch through human skin. He radiated demand and alpha in the new, silent language that humans had now, even if Deku couldn’t read it. But Deku could read the primal fear in himself, at least. He saw Bakugou and feared that he was looking at an animal.Bakugou was a new animal now, survivor of a disease that gave him a new dynamic quirk. He had to grind his teeth and pull back at the beast compulsions that were his thoughts now, to make room for human ones. To make room for calming his temper. To not be enraged that he had given precious patience to someone and been refused.“I’m not another alpha,” Deku whispered. His head was still rightfully bowed, but his eyes didn’t look right. “I’m just a person trying to be on my way and I mean no threat or offense to you. The one—”“You’ve danced around me enough.” he said, and erased Deku’s words from the air. “I should cut you open for trying to toy with me.” His capacity for word and thought was being erased, too. He’d held onto it for Deku, for this pathetic, dying conversation that had been years in the making. But he had waited for nothing. “Looks like I judged you wrong. You’re still a pathetic fucking leech. I tried to be fucking nice to you.”Deku actually dared to look angry. A face he had never seen. He changed.He replied, “You’re not nice and you’re not sorry. You’re just guilty—” He saw red, felt red. “—you selfish, rotten bitch.”That was the end of talk for both of them. Bakugou charged.The roar that crashed through his teeth was like the rage of five men at once. His roar smothered the sound of their boots on the ground. It made them half-deaf. In that noise they finally clashed.Bakugou had both his palms sparking and his teeth ready to clamp into a throat. And before he could strike or bite, he was struck by a rock half his body size and his roar smothered by a hurricane wind.In one clean second, Deku had spread his knees and slammed his fist downward and pummeled the stone underneath him, and the force made rock burst up and out from the ground. Violet-colored veins along his exposed arm glowed and were blocked, exposed, blocked, exposed, by the many moving stones around them. The layer of concrete pieces and debris covering the hole above their heads sounded with a threatening groan. And then it gave.The debris over their heads began to fall in and let in aggressive, orange sunlight. The alpha was reduced to dodging falling concrete pieces that could have dented his head and his bones. A car and a crushed waterline pipe fell against the wall where Deku had lain prone just minutes ago. Bakugou’s skin crawled with a confusion that nearly felt humiliating.But Deku, the stranger, ignored eye contact with the alpha entirely. He half-turned to face a piece of debris coming to crush him, curled one fist back that glowed with that alien purple symbol, and he punched it away like a lightweight softball. He was too strong to be a normal man.“You fucker. You have a quirk,” Bakugou said to himself.With his still-human hearing, and metric tons of rock and metal falling, Deku could not have heard, but he still turned around again to look at his bitter half-friend. Bakugou grasped for more of his human language. “Y-You. You fucker! You lied to me! Did you actually lie to me?!”The crashing of heavy concrete was still too loud, but Deku heard anyway. His answer was to curl his lip and his brows as he would to a bug on his carpet, and look away. The glow of those purple streaks or veins showed through his pant legs, and then he jumped. He leaped from one concrete piece to a far wall, and then up and up. Away. He was running away.Liar liar liar little precious freak I’ll pull your fucking teeth out for this, said the alpha, but Deku was deaf to that language and did not even look at him as he kept jumping. Bakugou pushed fire out the soles of his boots. He jumped only once.Once he was through the opening of the hole, all the motion stopped.Above ground, they interrupted a city without sound. Immediately around the hole they’d fallen into and was a six-foot tall layer of metal smothering the street: a street full of abandoned cars stretching for three blocks. A truck had started to fall to its side and pressed down onto his its neighbors. The buildings on either side of the street had been high-rise apartment buildings and windows bore the quarantine paint mark and some the recovery paint mark. There were cracks in the street, skid marks, evidence of civilians and wild packs and people long evacuated to sanctuaries and safe towns defended by honorable alphas. Izuku alone moved through the stillness. He was running along the angled length of the leaning truck.“Deku!” he screeched. Deku bent his knees to land more smoothly onto the hood of a blue truck and didn’t look at him. Bakugou bristled. Some part of a car was pinched together and then crushed under his hand. “Where do you think you’re going. I said, where do you think you’re going!?”He launched himself over the car and landed on top of another one. He fired.Heavy blasts of red fire shot forward over the sea of vehicles. He aimed for Deku’s cover. Deku dodged below the undercarriage of a sedan and didn’t rise up out of the mass of metal. He brandished a quirk that broke stone and concrete, and yet still crawled like a coward. Bakugou’s fingers were wriggling on their own. So ready to grab this insane creature and slam him onto his back and stop him and keep him. Against his will, his heart rate was rising.Now he walked up an unbroken windshield to the roof of a van. He lifted one hand and fired a shot dead ahead. Two cars bent inward from the force and their insides caught fire instantly. Red-tinted smoke blew upward from them. He fired to his left, he fired somewhere beyond the first two burnt cars, he fired on the leaning truck. BOOM, BOOM, BOOM. “Quit hiding, you coward! Cowardly little bitch!”Deku hopped up catlike on top of a car not far ahead. “Just give it a rest,” the challenger said. Bakugou’s hackles rose at the sight, daring to stand tall and proud in front of him. “You still throw tantrums like a little kid. All this time to grow up and you just refuse to do it. It’s shameful.”“You’re dead,” he said across the short distance. His eyes were focusing on their own. Cutting away the buildings and the emptiness around them and cutting away his last scraps of human speech. This wild runner belonged to him now. “No more. Apologies. Deku. You’re gonna wish you rolled over on your back. When you could.”“I’m not rolling over for you. Ever. That’s over,” the runner said, standing tall. “I don’t care about your apologies, and let’s be real here, neither do you.”Bakugou took a step forward over the top of the car. Instinctively he spoke like an alpha at first: Bow your head to me or I’ll break your body on the ground. Now only the billowing smoke moved. In that emptiness they could almost hear each other breathe.Deku said out loud, “Make me. Bitch.”Bakugou set himself on fire. Thin gunshot-explosions pushed him straight forward like a man flying. Deku’s body on the roof of his vehicle grew larger and larger. He crouched slightly, like he ought to, about to bare his neck to his superior—but he didn’t. His arms clenched and he tore a car door below him off its hinges like a mere practice weight, and threw it.‘Don’t insult me,’ he thought, because he couldn’t talk now. The door came at him like a spinning disc and he blocked the projectile out of an instinct and a refusal to stop moving. The impact shoved the gauntlet arm back against his cheek and neck, and it took a second too long to push back and fling the door out of his sight. Once he had, Deku had jumped to another car. Away from him. He ran.‘Don’t turn your back ON ME,’ he thought this time. The wrist that had taken the impact pulsed but he could not register it as pain. No pain would stop him now. No room in his mind for human thought. He hissed “DEKU” and the empty streets fed him echoes of the sound:
DEKU

DEKU 
DEKU ran faster.Now he hunted. Deku wove around one car and then ran through the slim aisle of space between several others. Bakugou chased him on the car roofs, propelling himself with explosions from his calves and his shoulder blades. The prey ran on the strength of his quirk and its occasional purple glow, and so he stayed ahead, until he was gone from sight. ‘No no no no NO NONONONO—’And ten seconds later—Bakugou fired eight shots, looking for him, almost blind to the sports car his shots blew a dozen feet into the air—and Deku appeared again. Less than ten feet behind him. Running the opposite way, towards an intersecting street where there were no cars. Yes, once they reached that open space he could pin him and win.They leaped from car to car and pressed dents the size of young livestock into their roofs. Bakugou stepped into the dents and paths Deku left, following his footprints and his scent and the green, green sight of him all equally. The unnatural heat he radiated, his explosions making Deku’s back glow orange. The scent so close. He was catching up and they both knew it intimately. Run to me. To me! To ME! Rather than hop across the range of dead cars further, Deku crouched on his next landing spot and then pushed off the car and to the side, into that intersecting street of pure, open space. Bakugou heaved forward to jump after him. Deku—could not—outrun him. And he would pay, for even trying.Both his hands were searing hot, especially the right arm that still wore a gauntlet. If he heated his hands further, he could burn his prey to shock him or stop him or subdue him. Yes, he would. Deku was sprinting down the street and Bakugou followed.“Deku!” (DEKU.)The call turned him around. Deku pivoted on one foot and placed the other behind him, bracing for an impact. The violet lines on his arm and some on his neck appeared again, but they meant nothing to the alpha. He aimed to punish, but he did not strike. He grabbed, and Deku was not prepared for it.Deku’s resistance broke in an instant when he shrieked in pain at the inhuman heat from Bakugous hand. Bakugou yanked his prey forward and down, intending to slam his gauntlet down upon his back. But Deku pushed forward into him and slammed his shoulder into Bakugou’s sternum. He gagged and was forced back. And his prey snuck out of his grip. And Bakugou’s rage grew.Face me! Come back to me! Look! He said all of these with a roar and with burning red eyes. He struck again and let his fire fly. Deku pushed back two punches that burned his arms and he gasped at the heat they left on him. The third was another grab and he failed to stop this one. The alpha’s left hand clapped on top of Izuku’s right. He pulled. He lifted Izuku off the ground.There was an overly long second, for Katsuki, where Izuku was fully vertical in the air and he looked up into the desperate, shining whites of his eyes and he gorged on the fear he saw there. Now you will stay down, he said in his own language, as the fall completed.He pulled harder than before, pulled Izuku to the ground. Izuku’s back slammed down and hit the street with a CRRKK-KK noise that stopped his breath entirely.The agony of it pushed animal moans out of Deku’s wide mouth. Bakugou cast a shadow over him. Watched him, admiring him and his obstinate strength, his pathetic Deku from childhood and—and Deku’s arms pistoned—Bakugou’s sternum nearly caved in.Deku, upside down, had let loose one violet-veined punch into Bakugou’s chest as he’d leaned haughtily over his prey. The knuckles indented his skin for one second, and then he flew backwards like five men and five quirks had pushed him at once. He skidded several times like a ragdoll.The alpha inside him was recoiling and screeching, and the man quiet. And the man had a realization that tainted his fighting instinct: for all the pain in his chest and the stinging in his hands and arms from his explosions, and how he should not be at such a point of exhaustion yet, Deku still was not defeated or pinned. But Deku had let himself be chased and burned and beaten till Bakugou was too enraged to guard himself. He’d baited him and beaten him. Like an animal. Like a game.He should recoil in indignation at being used like prey. But he was only desperate to chase further. No thoughts but the hunt, but taking this man in green and keeping him imprisoned under his shadow. Deku had always been in his shadow, where he ought to be. Deku could not slip through his fingers. Ever. He would never. He would stay.Stay, he said to him as he jumped. He shot streams of fire behind him to push him forward again. Deku was all but on one knee now, and this time he was caught off guard. Bakugou skidded to almost stop next to him, and slammed his right hand down. The hand with the gauntlet came down. The gauntlet crushed Izuku’s left wrist.“GAHHH-HH!” they screamed together.The city amplified the noise. While their voices called on without them, Deku pulled away till he was out of sight, but Bakugou, head hanging in exhaustion, could still hear him. Bakugou could not stand up straight without the muscles of his abdomen pulsing their agonized hate at him, so he stayed almost on his knees there in the street.While he struggled to stand, so did Deku, screeching through his teeth. Deku was on one knee and held the angled, broken hand out away from him. It swung slightly in the air like he had no energy to stabilize it, or it pulsed too strongly to be held. Bakugou exhaled mightily as he finally stood upright. This position left him with a familiar and almost comforting view: looking down at Izuku. He talked to him.
Tell me when you got your quirk. Now. 
“No.”Deku’s head whirled away in time and only one knuckle of Bakugou’s fist managed to scrape the crown of his head. His knuckles met the ground and they hurt. This time when he stood up again, he inclined his head and said You hear me. You understand. The truth showed itself in Deku curling his fingers into a fist, even his broken fingers, even the ones that didn’t quite line up anymore. The merciless sting of that pain made a bulge appear in his throat, but Deku brandished both fists as though they were equal.Bakugou stared. Deku pointed three of his five broken fingers at him in a gesture that the alpha did not recognize. The index and thumb were touching.“Do you hear me?” Deku said, and the other could not reply. “Get lost!” The index finger flicked forward and the wounded man let loose an aching wail. For one second.In the next, a manic hurricane force was pushing out from the point where his fingers had touched and it was all the sound in the entire city. Furious winds pushed at Bakugou knocked his arms behind him, and pulled him off the ground. He jettisoned small explosions behind him to lessen whatever impact was coming, to little effect. He hit the wall of a long-dead restaurant and it cracked his head, his back, the backs of his knees just as the fall into the cave had. Fifteen insane minutes ago.Tears dribbled from his eyes. Through them, he watched the gale tear through the street and rip up shreds of concrete and plastic and a road sign. The one car on this street busted inward and then was blasted away. Everything within sight was blasted away. Bakugou’s left hand clung to a decorative post on the wall.Bakugou Katsuki learned the truth as the hurricane kept him pinned to that wall and he could only barely hear the thoughts inside his own skull. He’d not succeeded at all in pinning Deku or securing him or making him regret his challenging words. His own nature had gotten the better of him more than once. The need for this was so strong. Even when crushed to flat concrete, he wanted to move and get to him—and—When the wind died, the dying tail end of Deku’s pained wail was still audible. He was curling in on himself and curling his wounded hand towards his chest. He whined one, whimpered once. A changed human would have stopped and run to him at hat sound. Bakugou wanted to. He merely fell off the wall and landed ungainly on his feet, held up by shock and silence. He smelled green grass again, but the anxiety was softer and less sharp now. Deku was too weak now to waste his pumping blood masking fear. Too weak now to hide it. Perhaps to deny it.“You’re omega,” he said. “You will be. You’re changing. I can smell it on you.”Deku glared at his approach. “So. What.”"You lied to my face, is what,” Bakugou called to him. There was less than thirty feet between them now. “About god knows how many things now. Is this how you made it this long? Scheming your way around people and pretending you’re not changed? The rogues are gonna find you—”“You think I care at all what you say?!” Deku screamed, and Bakugou helplessly flinched. “I don’t care about the change and I don’t care about you! I should punch your teeth out of your head for the awful, two-faced shit you did to me. Like I wasn’t a living person! Fuck you! Fuck you!”On this same beat Izuku raised two curled fingers on his thumb and he fired. The hurricane started again. The pressure knocked Bakugou’s head back and pushed his jaw shut till he bit his own tongue. The rest of him was knocked away like a toy and shoved without mercy against the restaurant wall a second time. The crack of his skull against the wall shattered his vision for several seconds. Bakugou never saw the windows within the wall cracking and busting through and corners tearing off the concrete building. Bakugou stayed blind and tried to raise his palm and fire a shot against the gale. He did.A multi-layered explosion punched holes in the wall of Izuku’s smashing pressure. It pushed enough of it away that the remains couldn’t hold Bakugou’s weight, and he slid down the wall and fell an unceremonious two feet onto the street again. Arms, legs, torso, fingers, all moved sluggishly, or barely, as though the pressure were still stuck to them. But he demanded that they still move.The defiant omega standing in the street was bent forward as his energy reserves drained away. He was refusing a pack, a command, like lone omegas would. When alone, their nature made them buck against the control and protection alphas gave, and so they had to be corralled in. Like a rampaging fool. A deaf, dense son of a bitch. Did he get that from me. Did I really ruin him for life. Did I. Did I. Did I. Do I even fucking care. Fuck you. Bakugou said nothing. He pushed off the wall to attack the omega, who was showing his fangs to him at last. Fuck you, he said in the new language. Bakugou said nothing.Bakugou squeezed the fire-sweat from the pores all over his hand and smothered his fist in explosive sparks. Izuku would not last long now. But he jumped forward, brandishing one whole hand and one injured one.The motherfucker defended and danced and would not fall. They were both panting and wincing from a strain in their abdomens at the demand to keep upright against each other. The beast part of him gave all its focus to keeping his body moving.When his attention was on Deku’s legs and trying to hit at his knees, something attached him from the side and nearly above. Deku had grabbed something and was about to hit him in the head with it. He couldn’t even register what it was. Instinctively, showing his fangs, he burned it away. It was some broken-off part of a car. When the brief sheet of smoke from his palms cleared, Deku was gone from him and running down the street.You can’t run away from me. He said. And Izuku heard. The scent of exhaustion-stress-fear and blood-pulsing pain was trailing in the wake of him. Bakugou aligned himself into the wake, breathing through his mouth to taste it more. He had no thought left now.Now the street began to go downhill, where old firetrucks were parked along a curb. The slope made a wider spread of the city visible, with empty towers and busy roofs and no boats left on the river pier. Bridging two buildings across the street from each other was a glass skyway, its inside packed to waist-height with plastic boxes and desks and other shields. They passed under its shadow.Not far ahead and downhill, Izuku threw his head back suddenly, his upper half convulsing, and he let loose a shout up toward the sky. The cry decreased and then boomed again into an agonized wail.Katsuki answered that call with one long roar that filled the street and told his prey I am behind you, look at me, touch me. Izuku did not answer him. Katsuki would not accept that.He put his palm up to the air, and gagged when the energy pulled from every muscle down his arm and shrieked its pain down into his collarbone. A shot of thin fire exploded from his hand and soared up and forward. He’d aimed this one, serpentine shot over Deku’s head and it colored his head and hair red as it flew. It fell between the two fire trucks, and they both exploded.Debris from it shot out in all directions and the ground rumbled from the vibrations of Bakugou’s power. Instead of covering himself from the glass and metal shards or fleeing the fire, Deku turned completely around. Bakugou was nearly upon him. They could see the tight strain in each other’s pupils.Deku bared his teeth and roared, beast-like. The sound tore at both their eardrums.
You think you can fight me?! 
They collided. They rolled and skidded downhill. They grabbed at each other like animals: boots, ankles, fists, stomach and head. Bakugou gasped when his back hit the pavement suddenly. The downhill slope seemed to be dragging him along and Deku was over him, glaring and gritting teeth. His hands held Bakugou’s throat.He did not hold that position for long; somehow, he did not remember how, he knocked Izuku off and rolled them till he was the one on top. He nearly had him pinned between his knees—Yes. There you are.—but Izuku wrestled against him, somehow still refusing to be pressed fully onto the ground. Deku’s cheek was smeared with dirt and that cut through by a trickle of sweat. He finally looked ready to fall.Bakugou held him down with one hand over a shoulder and the other over a wrist. More than completing this capture, he wanted to speak. He fought Izuku underneath him, fought his own mind to pull human language back to himself.“I—” Katsuki began to say, but a blur of dark green interrupted him. Izuku’s forehead came up and CRACK-ed into his.CRACK, CRACK, crack. The sound echoed in the street, in their heads.“Aauhh! God! GOD!” Katsuki shouted, and he fell back onto his own thighs, and then further back till his shoulders hit the pavement. At the same time, Izuku flopped like a limp corpse onto his back, and didn’t move.Katsuki writhed on the ground. His head was erupting, overheating. No alpha mind, no thoughts, no feelings except his hurt feelings and one hundred needles piercing from every point of his skull. He curled his toes. They cramped. He cried. It all lasted less than a minute.When he lifted himself on one weak arm, holding the other to his forehead, Deku was still on the ground like he’d fallen asleep there. If he had, Bakugou was tempted to slam his gauntleted arm onto his gut to wake him up, but he didn’t want to do anything at all with that arm. And Deku was moving after all. His right hand, the one that had flicked at him and sent the second hurricane, was floating around above his waist before flopping down there. The fingers wiggled and moved. They pushed inside a little pouch attached to his belt, and came out with a rectangular plastic piece with a purple cap. One of the fingers pushed the cap off and showed a tiny needle.“Is that a, a—” His entire skull resisted the act of talking, the tiny vibrations it made in his head. He was fighting the urge to bend over and vomit. He talked more quickly this time. “Th-that’s a suppressant?”“Ngghhh,” groaned Deku in maybe a response. The hand carrying the little syringe moved robotically downward and managed a feat of herculean artistry in turning the capsule around. More than actually injecting himself, he let his arm go limp so that the needle fell down and happened to land pointing down through his pant leg into his upper thigh.Katsuki had been sitting with his knees below him and now he learned forward. He kept a hand on the ground. No way would he stay upright without the support. He said, “Hey. Hey. The hell was that syringe? What are you doing?”“Guhh,” said Deku in some sort of response this time.“Guhh,” groaned Katsuki as well, biting his tongue so he wouldn’t throw up on his old friend. Then, softly, “You look even worse than me.”Deku moved, sort of. His right arm came slowly over to his left side in the first stage of attempting to turn onto his belly. He stopped there, lying more or less on his side. Katsuki watched his movements with a hawk’s eye. The glowing veins were gone, his scent was nearly gone. All his limbs lay slack and the capsule was dropped by his leg. Eventually Deku’s head came up, balanced by one arm held beneath him. His eyes were raised to Katsuki and the empty buildings behind him. Both of them were open-mouthed and panting and wore each other’s blood on their clothes.“Geez. You’re still here.” Deku muttered. His left hand touched his face. He did not appear to mind the bent fingers or the injured wrist. “Wow. Okay.”“What? You thought we were done?” he hissed.“I thought I w-was hallucinating you,” Deku said. “I thought...thought I’d wake up and find that I’d just been smashing windows or trash cans.”The pinching pain in his ribs hurt twofold. It pressed into his throat. He felt...awful. “No. I’m really here and I really just beat your ass.”That statement finally made him real in Izuku’s eyes, it seemed. He had to look away and covered his mouth with the scarred hand. He made a sound like a hiccup. Katsuki watched him start to cry.This is what it felt like to look at an alpha, Katsuki realized, when he wanted to bow his head and his throat pulsed with a desire to sob. He hadn’t cried for anything in almost a year. He held his breath waiting for Izuku to speak again, but he wouldn’t.Goddammit. Goddammit. He forced his legs to scoot a little forward along the ground, to get a little closer. And he bowed his head.
I’m sorry. I mean it. I’m sorry for treating you so badly.
Izuku made his hiccuping sob again. He said, Yes, I heard, and nothing else.You landed some  good hits on me. I feel like I got hit b y a tour bus . Izuku laughed.Congrats on growing a spine, Deku. Congrats on that quirk.  You’re strong as hell . You’re gonna be one killer omega. Another pause where Izuku didn’t say anything and Katsuki could not bear it so he reached out again.
And like. You actually learned to stand up for yourself. The kid I remember wouldn’t say ‘none of your business’ to my face. Look at you Deku. Goddamn, look at you. 
Christ, but he was proud and broken at the same time. Izuku’s broken sobs had stopped now. They looked up at each other at the same time.“Thanks,” Izuku said, and Katsuki nodded and absorbed that compliment deep, deep inside where the alpha hooked his claws into it and held it near. “Do you think I could...just go?”“No,” Katsuki said immediately. “Told you before. I can’t leave you alone, even if you’re not fully changed. A lone omega wandering around, you’re gonna get crazy alphas following you. And maybe you could take them and maybe not, it doesn’t matter. You’re a citizen in a hostile zone and you’re going to a sanctuary. I’m taking you to one.”This had always been the outcome of their meeting. Alpha pros were designated rescue teams now, for any citizen who was left out here and hadn’t been to a sanctuary where they could acclimate to it all. And even if he weren’t instructed to, he would take omegas to safety. Especially this one. But the bigger cities were getting back to normal now, and he hadn’t seen a wandering omega in weeks. So maybe. Only this one.“What was that syringe? You been dealing with the change long?” he asked.Izuku had one knee up and the broken hand resting on it. Very casual. “Suppressant for the change. I’ve been using it for about five months. Like you said, I will be omega, but—”“What the hell. That’s—that’s insane. We’re going to a hospital.”“I’ve already been. These are from Giroi Sanctuary. They’re a prescription.” He glanced up at Katsuki with a harder line in his brow. “I know what I’m doing. I’m just...I’m putting it off as long as I can. I don’t have alphas annoying me all the time because the change hasn’t finished. I want to keep that convenience as long as I can.”“You’re taking medication to make the change take longer?”“Yeah, I just said.”He sat back slightly. “You are a fucking insane person.”Izuku laughed and a grin broke through the dirt and sweat on his face. Katsuki fought to keep from grinning, too. Shrugging that off, he straightened his back, sat up straighter. A posture for commands. “Deku, you need to—”“I need to take my medication as long as I’ve got it, and I need to go with you to another sanctuary,” Deku interrupted. “All right. Fine. Would you take me to Tokyo? That’s where I’m going. The city’s running pretty okay now. Not too many safer places than there.” He was right about that. He was also starting to run his mouth.“How much has it progressed in you?” he asked, cutting some Tokyo factoid short. “You can’t block the change forever. I don’t know what shit you’re injecting yourself with, but the disease is not reversible.”“It’s not a burden on me,” Deku said flatly.“It’s gonna be at some point. Sometimes. You know how rogue alphas are gonna come after you? Gonna try and claim you like a trophy wife?” Deku just looked annoyed at this suggestion, so he kept pushing it. “Whether it’s alphas following you, or you just feel like it one day, you’re gonna run. You’re gonna try to just take off one day and every alpha around will hunt you down. And either through exhaustion or just being stupid, somebody’s gonna catch you and it better be a good person or a good friend who won’t bite down into your neck.”“Oh, I’ve done that,” Deku said with a brisk, too-quick nod. Or maybe just a haughty one. “I know it’s an omega thing to want to, like, break free sometimes, and your pack is supposed to bring you back and always be there to catch you. It’s only happened once, but Twintail caught me in less than a mile. And she knew not to bite. Everyone around knew I was her, her ‘property’ then, so alphas gave me space for a good while.” And he stopped talking.And Bakugou stared. Because that description reminded him suddenly, keenly, of that one time his mother sat down on the couch with him while he was in the middle of playing Xbox to tell him what sex was, and he tried to stop the conversation by assuring her he already knew and so she could seriously please just go away already. The rest of the Deku’s real answer was in the dynamic language he still wasn’t fluent in yet: twitches of his eyes and hands, fidgeting, tense shoulders, fangs, back slack or straight and the flavor of the scent all over it. If Izuku had spent any time in a sanctuary, he must know how the new dynamics of the world worked. Omegas were the rare and precious and the sleeping beasts that could only be tamed by alpha influence. Alphas surrounded them and seized them and formed packs around them. Society was rebuilding itself most quickly wherever omegas and their favorite people gathered.He could have pushed the answer out of him, probably. Deku’s language and what he said both implied that he did know, but hadn’t experienced it, not really. He was not familiar with the trying omega experience of both wanting alpha support and protection, and periodically breaking from it, only to be caught and have the bond solidified again. Most of the world had figured this out and started working around it. Most of the world had really made this change work in their new lives though it had existed among humanity for less than a year. God only knows where Deku had been while that happened.Bakugou also realized that breathing still hurt, and everything inside him hurt. Deku must feel the same. Deku must feel worse. The truth was that he had lost this fight.So he said, “Whatever,” and let it go for now. If anything happened, he’d be taking care of it.He started a new topic. “So we’re gonna need some medical care.”“My hand’s broken again,” Deku mused, looking at it. Bakugou didn’t bother asking. “I have a device that can fuse any bone fragments in the hand for me. That’ll help.”“You’re coming to my place,” Bakugou said, with his eyes closed. “Got another pro there who’s got X-ray vision so any internal wounds won’t get missed. He’ll get our shit together.”“Your ‘place’?” Deku said quietly. “Do you mean like an apartment? Where? This whole town’s a wreck.”“This town got hit hard by a bunch of fucks with strong quirks who turned alpha and took the opportunity to go fucking wild, and now they’re either dead or in detention. I’ve cleared most of them. Snipe and some other guys will keep combing the place without me.” He forgot what he’d been saying. His ribs hurt. A lot. “Nggh, it’s an apartment. Just found it empty. Been using it as a base. For. A month. Maybe. We’ll go there and rest and. Set out tomorrow. Or the next day. I’ll take you to Tokyo. So let’s go.”Deku still didn’t have anything to say.“Are you going to fight me about this?”The answer was no, but he was tensed up anyway, with palms already hot. There would be no letting him jump away and flee a second time. Deku lifted his head and turned his head a little to the side so that Bakugou saw part of his neck. He loosened up before he could think about it.“No,” Izuku said. “But...can we wait for maybe ten minutes? I need to, um...catch my breath. I’ll be fine in a bit, I promise.”Bakugou responded by half-crawling towards Izuku, too sick to get up and walk. Izuku eyed him weakly as he turned around and sat next to him, leaning his own back against the dented chassis of the car.“Okay,” he said, rather too late. Anything else he said at this point would be too late, too.Izuku nodded and looked away from him.They rested and waited for their blood to clot.- 



Afterword


End Notes
I should start by saying I have little inspiration for this fic left and am posting this mostly to have proof that I spent my last few months writing something, and to contribute to the BakuDeku circle a little. Also my heart is mostly in my typical #1 fandom, Naruto, right now, not BNHA. And since starting this fic I've become WAY more enamored with the rare but wonderful idea of Alpha!Izuku and Omega!Katsuki instead, but like...I wanted to finish what I started. Also I'm currently deployed and wrote 2/3 of this chapter in a tent. I don't think canon Izuku cares nearly this much about Bakugou’s godawful treatment of him. But I was interested in the idea of Izuku's gentle soul carrying bitterness at something, and him telling Bakugou "fuck you" with passion and anger, and Bakugou actually regretting things he did or said while he was younger (they are 20ish here). I also like ABO with plot, and the idea of omegas being formidable and possible untameable, and an evenly matched alpha-vs-omega fight scene. I have a thing for chase/fight scenes where two characters with a preexisting relationship and of disparate social status are evenly matched in combat and the fight/chase scene is tinged with romantic or sexual tension. That's a kink officially now, because I have it. PLEASE GIVE CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM. I want writing critique. What I tried to accomplish with my Literery Writingwurds this chapter is a tense, uncomfortable conversation between the two (beginning scene in cave) and a fight/chase scene meant to be long and exhausting. They are out of steam at the end of the chapter but probably not done talking about their issues. My fave writing bits are early paragraphs where they first look at each other, mentioning how Bakugou is exactly what he looks like, and Izuku is described as not looking like he "should" or used to be. ABO "language" is body language plus mild telepathy idk. All scenes are told from Bakugou's perspective and he switches the names Bakugou/Katsuki and Deku/Izuku depending on how distant or intimate his current thought is. Thanks for reading. Can be contacted about this and other assorted fandom bullshit at tumblr @stormears


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



