



The New Girl - Springmagpies - Agents of SHIELD TV
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The New Girl
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15934442.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (TV)
Relationship:
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons, Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse, Alphonso "Mack" Mackenzie/Yo Yo Rodriguez
Character:
Leo Fitz, Jemma Simmons, Alphonso "Mack" Mackenzie, Lance Hunter, Skye | Daisy Johnson, Bobbi Morse, Yo Yo Rodriguez, Antoine Triplett, Grant Ward, Phil Coulson, Melinda May, AIDA (Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.), Holden Radcliffe, Lincoln Campbell, Thor cameo, Deke Shaw, Leo Fitz's Mother
Additional Tags:
Fluff, Friends to Lovers, Mutual Pining, tiny bit of angst for plot, Humor, Fluff and Humor
Stats:

        Published: 2018-09-08
          Completed: 2020-01-04
          Chapters: 22/22
        Words: 93499
      

The New Girl
by Springmagpies
Summary
When Jemma Simmons moves into a new apartment with three new roommates, she gets more than she could have ever hoped for.
Notes
Hey! This was originally on my Tublr, but I have moved it here to make it into more of a multi-chapter fic! Hope you enjoy this New Girl inspired fan fic!




The New Girl
Chapter Notes
*UPDATE* The lovely new banner is made by the AMAZING and LOVELY Zuza!!! (@2minutes2midnight on Tumblr) Thank you so much for supporting this fic lovely!!!





It had suddenly dawned on Jemma Simmons, as she sat nervously in a remarkably comfy chair in a remarkably sun-drenched apartment, that maybe her friend had been right in telling her not trust an ad on Craigslist. In all fairness, the ad had made it appear that the apartment she had been looking to room in was being rented out by women and not the three men sitting in front of her.Jemma didn’t really know where to start the conversation. The men sat whispering to each other, the man in the middle seemingly over the other two, as she sat, clicking her heels together nervously. She hadn’t been expecting this twist in her plan. She desperately needed a new place, having spent the last week dealing with her incredibly loyal, wonderful, and terrible roommate material of a friend, Daisy, and this apartment was the only reasonable thing she had been able to find in her price range.When they had finished their whispering, the three men sat back casually into the couch (or false casually), each displaying their personalities greatly without them even realizing. They seemed nice enough to Jemma, not possible murders like Daisy theorized in her most recent text. Jemma had texted her after she had been greeted into the apartment. Her friend, Daisy, was prone to mistrust as well as over protection of the sweet and trusting, Jemma.“So, what are all of your names? I’m Jemma. Jemma Simmons. I’m a biology teacher. I’m incredibly organized and hardworking and very helpful. I always pay my rent and taxes on time. I’m rather quiet and I really wouldn’t be bothersome. And I haven’t let you say your names yet.” Clicking her heels together again and blushing slightly, Jemma bit her lip in order to stop herself from continuing her nervous habit of rapid-fire talking, a habit she had been informed she was prone to.“I’m Mack, that over there is Fitz and this is-““Hunter. It’s a pleasure to meet such a beautiful woman as yourself.”The man sitting in the middle of the large brown sofa reached out his hand. He was a rogue kind of handsome, with rough stubble, dark eyes, and a thick British accent. He had a charm to him, but a rough charm, the kind of charm that was heavy with sarcastic humor and that was often a front to ward of genuine feeling. A player’s charm.Before Jemma could extend her hand back, the man, Mack, hit Hunter in the ribs.“What the hell, mate!” Hunter withdrew his hand and began dramatically rubbing his rib while angrily shooting the tall man next to him a disgruntled look.“What did we just tell you about jar worthy talk?”“I was paying the beautiful woman a compliment,” Hunter said defensively, shooting a sly glance at Jemma.“Please don’t let Hunter ruin the apartment. I would tell you he isn’t normally like this but that would be a lie.” Mack smiled as he talked, ignoring Hunter’s indignant expression. Mack was tall and strong looking. Unlike Hunter, his charm appeared to stem from somewhere more genuine.“You do seem like you would make a good roommate,” Mack continued, “I just have to wonder why you’re willing to room with three guys. Not that we won’t consider you or anything, it’s just unusual.”“Well... you see that’s not really a happy story.” Jemma began to click her heels again. “I recently went through a pretty nasty break up. His name was Milton. He cheated on me. It was a mess.” Feeling herself start to speed talk again, she bit her lip. “Sorry. It sort of hurts to think about.”“Oh, it’s okay. Fitz knows. He got dumped recently too.” Hunter smacked the knee of the man sitting next to him on the far end of the couch.“Thanks for that,” Fitz said, scooting forward and farther from the other two on the couch. “Yeah, I got dumped... She dumped me. It was six months ago! I’m over it. Come on, guys. I don’t know why we’re still talking about it.”Jemma drew her attention towards Fitz. He was Scottish, according to his accent, with a strange kind of charm that she couldn’t quite place. He wasn’t like the other two who radiated outgoing charm. His charm was quiet, reserved, and somehow even more genuine and good. He was as handsome as the other two men, with rough stubble, short curls, and eyes so blue, Jemma got lost for a second as she looked at him. He seemed grumpy, made even more so by the mentioning of his apparently messy breakup. His grumpiness appeared to Jemma to be more like his shield rather than his actual state of being, much like Hunter’s wit and Mack’s frame.“So,” Mack continued, trying to move away from the obviously land mine filled conversation as Fitz buried his face in his hands, “do you have any pets? Any friends that would visit? Just anything that we might need to be aware of?”“I don’t have any pets. As for friends, they would probably visit sometimes. Though currently, they are more of the type of people to go out. They’re models. All their friends are models, so they have these big parties and things. That’s partly the reason I need an apartment. You see, I’ve been staying with one of them and it’s been kind of a nightmare. I’m not really a ‘get drunk and party’ kind of person and it’s kind of part of their job to socialize and go to these big events. So, I end up just sort of being miserable in my room with the loud noises and everything.”Mack and Fitz nodded their heads, but Hunter was gone at models. “Well then, I think that’s all we need to know,” Hunter said, standing up and clapping his hands together. “If you’ll excuse us, I got to talk to my boys.” Fitz groaned while Mack rolled his eyes.“That’s not a thing we say here,” Fitz said, shaking his head at Jemma as if trying to apologize for Hunter, much like a parent when a child misbehaves in front of a guest.
Hunter put his hands on the shoulders of his friends from behind the couch. “My bros.”“Jar.”“Hunter jar.”Hunter made his way to the kitchen, dropping a dollar bill into a glass mason jar sitting on the little table behind the couch with a sticky note reading “Douchebag Jar”. Mack and Fitz exchanged knowing glances before standing up themselves and following Hunter into the kitchen.-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-“So, we’re letting her move in, right?”“Hold on. I’m not saying I’m set on one way or the other but we have to apply some sort of method to this decision. We can’t just make rash decisions.” Fitz said.“Her friends are models, Fitz. Models!”“It’s not the models, Hunter,” Mack clarified, “I mean, I’m not super set on it.”“How!” Hunter yelled. “Models!” He put his hands on his head in disbelief, staring back and forth at the other two.“Well, I like my space. She seems nice and everything but it does seem strange a woman living with three guys. It might, I don’t know, get weird.” Mack said, shrugging his shoulders slightly. At that point, Hunter and Mack turned to Fitz.“Well, Fitzy. You’re the tiebreaker.”Fitz backed up slightly. “Well, you both have reasonable points. There are both pros and cons. As we have stated. There are cons and pros to the situation that we are considering-”“Fitz!”“I don’t know! You know I hate being the tie breaker! One of you is always angry at me! I’m the only one that gets to be angry since you always force me to break the tie!”“Fine then, executive decision,” Hunter said as Fitz once again put his hand on his forehead, “she’s in.”“Yay! I’m in!”The three of them spun around to see Jemma standing by the dining room table, a smile lighting up her face.“You are not going to regret this!”-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-As they sat at the dining room table, Rose Tyler professed her love to the 10th Doctor on the television screen for the 8th time that day and loud sniffles and cries came from the couch. Turning on Hunter, they were beginning to regret the decision. “What. Have. You. Done.”-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-“No, mum. I’m alright. No, I’m not watching Doctor Who. Oh, that was just Fitz shutting the door. No. I don’t think so.” Jemma lowered the phone from her face, putting her hand over the talking end. “Hey, are you going to murder me because you’re a stranger I met on the internet?” Jemma asked as Fitz passed her and made his way from his room to the kitchen.“Yes,” Fitz said dryly.“He said no. Alright. Love you too. Bye.”Jemma hung up the phone and returned to her episode of Doctor Who, quoting along to the tragic lines of, “quite right” and crying softly.“You have to fix this, Hunter!” Fitz whispered harshly, slamming his hands on the counter.“Relax, mate! I’ve got a plan!”“What plan?” Mack closed the fridge and walked over to the other side of the counter.“I was thinking maybe we could go to that party I was telling you about. I’m sure if you just called her-”“No! For the last time, I’m not calling Ophelia just to get you into a party.”“It wouldn’t be for me! It’s to help cheer up Jemma!”“No, Hunter! I’m not doing it!”Fitz walked around the counter to the fridge, reaching in for a beer.“What’s the harm?” Hunter followed him around the counter and stood by Mack, crossing his arms in determination.“I don’t know. She could suck my soul through the phone, possess me, and brainwash me into thinking she’s not an evil person again. You know, the normal thing that happens when I call Ophelia.”“He’s got a point, Hunter. Do we really want a repeat of the meltdown of April 16th-”“No we don’t want a repeat of Fitz losing his soul to Ophelia, but one stupid, very helpful phone call can’t hurt!”“If you’re looking to cheer up Jemma, why don’t we just take her to The Playground?” Fitz said, draining down more of his beer.“That’s a great idea!” Mack said. He set his beer down on the counter and made his way to the couch.“Hey, Jemma,” he said, lightly touching her knee as if he was afraid of making her cry again, “Do you want to come out to the bar with us tonight?”“I’m not sure I’m ready.” She said quietly, wiping her eyes.“We’re pretty sure you’re ready. If it makes you more comfortable, you can invite one of your friends that happens to be a model.” Hunter added.“Oh, that’s a nice idea!” Jemma exclaimed, sitting up quickly and causing the men to all take a small jump backward. “That way you can meet them! Oh, you’ll love them! I’ll text Daisy and Bobbi right now!” And with that, Jemma jumped up off the couch and walked towards her room, texting as she went.-0-0-0-0-0-0-0Once again the three men sat on the large, comfy couch trying their best not to look nervous, or in Hunter’s case excited, as they faced the women in front of them.They were waiting for Jemma to get dressed before they made their way to The Playground, their local bar. The two women sat analyzing the men in front of them, calculating whether or not they were worthy of having Jemma Simmons as their roommate. Suddenly a loud thud came from Jemma’s room.“Jemma? You alright?” Daisy called.“I’m okay,” Jemma called back softly. Something in her voice said she wasn’t.“I’m going to go check on her,” Daisy said to her other friend who nodded back. As soon as the door clicked open and shut, Bobbi returned to analyzing the men in front of her.“So, Jemma mentioned you were models. I have to say she didn’t tell us just how beautiful you are,” Hunter said, leaning forward.
Mack leaned his elbow on the edge of the couch as if it distance himself as much from Hunter as possible, while Fitz closed his eyes disapprovingly and bowed his head, huffing slightly like a parent whose child has said something stupid.“Thank you,” Bobbi said, her voice flat.“It’s Bobbi, right. Is it hot in here to you, Bobbi? I’m just wondering. Because to me it feels hot in here to me.” Hunter began to take off his jacket, exposing his biceps proudly. Mack and Fitz were just grateful he had learned from a previous occasion and had not taken off his shirt.“Oh please don’t make me laugh at you,” Bobbi said, her voice steady and her face frozen into a grimace.Fitz and Mack both looked from Hunter to Bobbi, grinning. Finally, someone besides them was calling Hunter’s bull shit.“Listen,” Bobbi said after Hunter had regained his wits, “Jemma is perhaps one of the kindest people that have ever graced this planet. If any of you get her into any trouble or hurt her in any way, Daisy and I will take turns murdering you.”The three of them sat back further into the couch. They didn’t doubt for a second that Jemma’s friends had all the ability to uphold that promise.“Okay! It took some prodding, but I actually got her to dress up a bit!” Daisy said standing against the giant sliding door that separated the living room from the sleeping quarters. “Come on Jem! Come show them.”Slowly, Jemma walked out of her room, tiptoeing nervously. She had a little black dress on with shiny black heels, the same that Daisy had walked in with. He hair was curled and her eyes no longer rimmed red from tears as they had been in the days previously, but rather lined in black liner and framed in dark lashes.“Wow. You look great Jemma!” Mack said smiling kindly at her. Hunter nodded his agreement. Fitz sat in the corner of the couch with his mouth slightly open, his breath catching in his lungs when he saw her.“Do I look weird. I feel weird.” Jemma tugged at the hem of her dress and clicked her heels together, looking at the floor as she did so.“No,” Fitz blurted, smiling lightly, “No, you look nice.” She smiled brightly back.-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-Jemma collapsed onto the stool next to Fitz at the bar. “You alright, Jemma?”“I said he had a gorgeous head.” She said her face in her crossed arms on the bar. Fitz chuckled.“You what?”“I couldn’t think of anything to say. Daisy just pushed me into him and it was the first thing that came to mind.”“Well did you say anything to fix it?” Fitz said, grinning slightly.“No. I slapped him a little too hard on the chest,trying to be playful, cried that I was sorry when he stumbled back, and then ran away.”“Smooth, Simmons.”She looked up at the nickname. He had given her a nickname. Granted it was her last name, but still, it was sweet.“No. It wasn’t, was it?” He smiled at her slightly and returned to his drink. This was the most she had seen him smile since she had moved in.She looked around the bar for the rest of their group. Mack was talking to Daisy while Hunter sat at a booth with Bobbi, attempting to make her laugh. And almost succeeding.“Well, I guess it’s just us losers at the bar. Losers who both got dumped.”“It was forever ago. Really, I’m over it.” He tilted back the beer again.“Why did she dump you?”“I don’t know.”“That’s the worst.” Jemma lightly touched his shoulder, causing him to glance at her quickly before returning to his beer.“Yeah. It is.”-0-0-0-0-0-0-0The bar was a miss. Every guy in the place was either a complete asshole or incredibly boring. Seeing as they were all just talking to each other anyway, they decided to head back to the loft. Afraid that their attempt in cheering Jemma up had failed, the boys decided that they would let her show them an episode of Doctor Who, as long as it wasn’t the one she had been watching on repeat for the last week. Daisy had a shoot that morning so she had to go and Bobbi was too tired to even try to act like watching the show was appealing to her, so it was just Jemma and her roommates.The three men and Jemma sat on the large, comfy, brown couch. When the Doctor Who theme song began to play, much to her surprise and delight the three men, in their final attempt to completely cheer her up, began singing the theme in terrible falsetto and waving their arms in the air.“Thank you. For tonight.” She said, smiling from ear to ear when the the title sequence was over and the show started up.“No problem.”“It was nothing.”She glanced at Fitz. He smiled at her slightly.“We’re glad to have you, Jemma Simmons.”



The Televison
Chapter Notes
I was going to post on Monday, but life is a lot so I'm posting today! I hope you enjoy the second chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it!



“Can I borrow one of your shirts, Fitz?”
It had been weeks since Jemma had gone back to her old apartment and gathered her things from her old room. She couldn’t quite explain why, but nothing seemed more dreadful than facing her ex and packing up her things completely. She loved her new place, her new room, and especially her new roommates. After catching her sleazy ex-boyfriend with another woman, what had been one of the worst and most embarrassing moments in her life, she didn’t know her life could take an up-turn so quickly. The boys could be disruptive to her normal routine at times, with loud arguments over random things like who drank the last beer and yelling at the television during football matches, but otherwise, Jemma thought they were wonderful.
“What do you need one of my shirts for, Simmons?” Fitz paused in the middle of what he was doing to look at her, earning him a basketball to the elbow. He cursed loudly as Mack apologized and Hunter fell from his perch on the back of the couch, laughing hysterically. Fitz picked up the ball and launched it at Hunter, whose had poked up his head to continue laughing only to duck as the ball nearly hit him in the nose.
“Well, I’m running rather low on clothes since they’re all at my old place.”
“Why don’t you just go get them?” Fitz said, catching the ball that had been thrown in his direction.
“I can’t. I haven’t talked to Milton since he cheated on me! I’m just not quite ready to face him.”
“Jemma, you can’t give him power like that,” Mack added absently as he caught the ball.
“I know. I just… I don’t know.” Jemma intercepted the ball that was directed towards Fitz, spinning it in her hands. “He just has this weird power over me. It’s like all the strength and independence I have just goes out the window.” She chucked the ball in Hunter’s general direction, but missed hitting the television instead. The screen shattered with a loud and glittering crunch. Jemma’s hands flew up to cover her face and the three men stood in horror at the giant hole in the screen.
“Sorry,” Jemma groaned.
Hunter jumped up from the couch and kneeled in front of the T.V., avoiding the shards peppering the floor and gaping at the screen in overdramatized horror. Mack slowly made his way to the television, picked up the basketball, sat down on the couch, and wrapped his arms around the ball in his lap for comfort, putting his chin on the ball and staring at the T.V. with his mouth tightly shut. Meanwhile, Fitz looked to Jemma and then back at the T.V. as if battling with whether or not to be upset are her.
“Fitz, use your PhD and fix it,” Hunter exclaimed, standing up and turning to Fitz pleadingly.
“You have a PhD?” Jemma asked softly, the information momentarily distracting her from the panic of breaking the prized television. She looked at Fitz, studying him. The more she got to know him, the more interesting he became, what with his mysterious loathing of his first name, his unappreciated brilliance, and now with his untalked of PhD.
“Yes,” he stated flatly, “but I don’t think my Engineering degree is going to save the television.
Engineering. He had a PhD in Engineering. What was his life! It wasn’t something unheard of to be young and have a PhD. Jemma herself had two PhDs in Biochemistry, but instead chose to go into education. She got her degree to help people and found the people that she wanted to help were children. What better way to be able to pass knowledge and help people than to teach!
Hunter groaned loudly, snapping Jemma out of her daze. He stared at the television with heartbroken eyes. “There’s a match tomorrow.”
Fitz swore loudly. “I forgot about that.” Now Fitz looked heartbroken as well. Jemma felt terrible about breaking the T.V. and about the looks on their faces and about a lot of things.
Mack suddenly popped his head up from his basketball and turned to look at Jemma. “Do you have a T.V. at your old place?” He asked hopefully, his eyes lighting up.
“Um… yes. But like I said, I haven’t spoken to Milton in weeks and…” she trailed off at the looks on their faces. She hated feeling powerless and nervous and she was especially upset that is was cheating jerkwad Milton that was making her feel it.
“ Jemma,” Fitz sighed, his tone softening, “I get it. But you can’t let him do this to you. You need your stuff back. You need your clothes, your books, your-”
“Television.”
“Hunter!”
“What!”
Jemma looked at Fitz. His eyes turned kind when he turned to looked at her. Suddenly courage built up in Jemma’s chest.
“You’re right! I’m not going to let him win! I’m getting my stuff back! I’m going to call him!” She charged towards the table where her phone sat. She clicked his number, put her phone to her ear, and charged out the door, picking up her purse from the hook on the wall as she went.
-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
“Hey, Jembug.”
“Milton.”
Jemma sat at the table in the coffee shop she asked Milton to meet her in, nervously clicking her heels together under the table. He sat down across from her, a condescending smile on his face. He was treating her like a child already.
“How have you been?” He asked, touching one of her hands that was on the table. She pulled it back.
“I’ve been fine.” She said, avoiding his eyes. Why did he make her feel so stupid! “Milton, I need my stuff back. My T.V., the rest of my clothes, my books,” she continued after a deep breath.
“Yeah of course, I just can’t today.”
“Well when could I come and collect everything?”
“It’s so good to see you,” he whispered, grazing her hand again.
“Milton, I really need my things,” she said flatly, moving her hand further away to her lap.
“I need something as well. Could you give me a ride to the airport?”
“Will I be able to pick up my things if I do?”
“Of course! We just have to pick up my girlfriend and drop her off then we can get your stuff tomorrow!” And with that, he stood up from the table and walked out the door and to her car, not even waiting for her.
-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
She felt like crying. It had been an hour of driving to the airport, listening to her ex-boyfriend and the girl he cheated on her with singing at the top of their lungs, badly. Then it had been an hour of driving him back to his apartment, which he refused to let her go into because he was having people over soon. She wanted to punch him in the face or push him out of the moving car. She wanted to cry.
Deciding that pushing him out of car or punching him wasn’t going to help anything, she dropped him off and barreled off towards home. She called Daisy on her way, crying into the phone about how awful her day had been. Daisy insisted that Jemma pick her up so she could go and beat up Milton for her.
By the time Jemma picked Daisy up from outside her building, she was a complete mess.
“Oh, honey,” Daisy soothed, side hugging her friend from the passenger seat.
“Milton’s the worst,” Jemma cried as Daisy stroked her hair.
“I know, honey. He really is. Why did you need to talk to him”
“I broke the television, the really expensive one that the boys had saved up for, and I was running out of clothes and then the boys said I should go get my stuff back-”
“The boys told you to talk to him?”
“Not exactly. They more encouraged me to stand up to Milton.”
“You should! Milton’s a dick! You know what, let’s drive back to the loft and come up with a game plan to get your stuff back and kick his sorry ass, okay?”
“Okay.”
-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
“Jemma! What the hell happened!”
Fitz launched himself up from the couch when he caught sight of Jemma’s mascara-stained face. Daisy trailed a bit behind Jemma, shutting the door after they entered. Jemma dropped down onto the couch and Fitz moved to sit next to but slightly away from her to give her her space. Mack and Hunter looked up from their poker game at the dining room table and, spotting Jemma, stood up and walked over to sit by her as well. Daisy sat kitty-corner to them on the large comfy chair, smiling at the way Jemma’s roommates were rallying by her. She checked some trust boxes off in her head as she slightly smiled at them all.
“What happened?” Fitz repeated, looking at Jemma with concerned eyes.
“He needed a ride to the airport.”
“What!”
“For his new girlfriend,” Jemma said, brushing her hair off her face and staring at the ceiling.
“You’re kidding!”
“What an ass-hat!”
“Oh my God, Jem!”
They all looked at her, disgusted by what she was telling them. It made her feel slightly better to know that they were so angry and upset for her, that they cared so much.
“You need to fight him, Jemma,” Fitz encouraged, his eyes alight with concern, “You’re afraid to let him go. You know that once you get your stuff it’s really over, and that’s scary! Which sucks. It sucks that the most manipulative and harmful people can make us feel like we need them. It’s the worst.”
Daisy looked at Fitz, smiling slightly despite the situation, stamping her approval for him in her mind as she looked between him and Jemma.
Jemma looked into Fitz’s eyes, his sincerity and his quiet charm seeping through the blueness. “I want to move on,” she said softly.
“Then you gotta fight! You have to get mad!” He said, standing up.
Jemma stood up and faced him. “I am mad!”
“Yeah, Jemma!” Hunter pumped his fist in the air.
“I’m going to get my stuff back!” Jemma charged towards the door. “I’m going!” She grabbed her purse off the hook. “I would like you all to come with me!” She turned towards them. “Please because I can’t carry everything on my own and it would be very helpful if you all came to support me and everything.”
They all stood up, with a few mumbles here and there, and walked out the door with Jemma leading the pack.
-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
Jemma tapped her fingers on the steering wheel as she stared at her old apartment as the guys, crammed into the back of Jemma’s environmentally friendly car, wiggled uncomfortably, Hunter squirming in the middle and elbowing Mack in the ribs, earning himself a smack on the head.
“Jemma? Are you going to get out of the car?” Daisy said softly from the passenger seat.
“Yep,” Jemma said. Taking a large breath she pushed open the car door and made her way up the path towards the house.
“We’re out here if you need us!” Daisy called through the open car window.
Jemma rang the doorbell repeatedly until the door swung open. Milton appeared in the doorway.
“That’s the guy?” Fitz asked in the car, “He has a giant cabbage head.”
“He looks like a dumbass,” Mack said in his deep voice.
“Did anyone else assume he’d have a handlebar mustache? No. Just me.”
“Are you an idiot, Hunter?” Mack said, staring at his friend and contemplating on whether to smack his head again or not before turning back towards the house.
“Come on, Simmons. You got this.” Fitz murmured.
“Hey Jembug.” Milton went to hug Jemma and she almost hugged him back before noticing the potted plant that was wilting by the door. She pushed him off and gently touched one of the leaves of the plant.
“You didn’t water the plants.”
“Yeah. Not my thing.”
“I told you to water the plants!”
Jemma pushed past him and into the house. She put on as many articles of clothing as she could, piling on coats, shirts, and hats. She made her way to the living room and unplugged the flat screen television, pulling it off the stand and made her way outside.
“Careful with the T.V.!” Hunter shouted, his hands flying to sit on his head in fear, smacking Mack and Fitz as they went.
“Oh my God,” Daisy whispered.
“We should help,” Fitz exclaimed, sticking his head out the open window as Mack smacked Hunter again.
Daisy shouted for everyone to get out of the car as she whipped open the passenger door and swiftly got out. The three men scrambled out quickly but still managing to look like they were exiting a clown car. Milton was yelling at Jemma to calm down and put the T.V. back.
“That’s my cardigan,” Jemma said suddenly, noticing what Milton was wearing. He had on one of her favorite cardigans. It was blue and had her name embroidered on the pocket.
“No, it’s mine!”
“It has my name on the pocket, Milton! And it’s too small for you! You’ll stretch it out!” Jemma was starting to sway from the weight of the television. Suddenly it was out of her hands, Hunter carrying it back to the car as Daisy went inside for the rest of Jemma’s things. Unburdened by the T.V., Jemma launched herself at Milton, trying to pry off the cardigan.
“Jemma!Jemma!Jemma!” Fitz said rapidly, running up behind her and pulling her off Milton with surprising strength before placing her gently back on the ground.
“Who the hell are these guys!” Milton said, trying to sound collected and failing miserably.
“They’re my roommates!” Jemma untangled herself from Fitz’s grasp and glared at Milton, bringing herself to her full height.
“Jembug, let’s talk about this!”
“There’s nothing to talk about. Give me my cardigan.”
“No. You left it. And I got you that hat, so I’m taking that as well.” He pointed to one of her favorite wool hats and went to grab it. Fitz was quicker, picking it up and placing it on his own head. Seeing another hat, Hunter did the same, and Mack after him with a rather large pink pool hat. Jemma’s heart swelled with gratefulness and love for her roommates. For her friends. Her friends who looked ridiculous and didn’t even seem to care since they were helping her.
“You want the hat, mate. Come and get it,” Fitz said, drawing himself up to his full height and rolling up his sleeves to reveal his rather muscular and toned arms.He was glaring at Milton with pure disdain written in his features.
“You actually live with these people, Jemma!” Milton looked at the three guys like they were the scum of the Earth, making anger bubble in Jemma’s throat.
“You know what, cabbage head. I don’t like you. How dare you treat-”
“I got it, Fitz.” Jemma lightly nudged Fitz back, who had started walking towards Milton as if to punch him. She looked at Milton, all sense of what she once felt for him evaporated.
“You know what Milton, I like where I live and who I live with. These guys are great. They’re funny and sweet and twice the men you will ever be. It’s over! I don’t need you. I realize now I never did! I tried to figure you out and understand you and now I see you quite clearly. You cheated on me, you broke my heart, and I’m happy you did so! You saved me from staying with you and letting you hurt me all over again. And yes, I’m terrified of starting over, of change. And yes, I’m living with three guys I met on the internet, and stranger danger and everything, but they are great guys! And change is good. Now I’d like my cardigan back.”
Milton’s eyes scanned across the group as Daisy pushed him on her way to drop more stuff off at the car. Fitz glared at him, Hunter narrowed his eyes, and Mack stood threateningly tall at the back. Slowly Milton peeled off the cardigan and threw it to Jemma.
“I thought we were going to be professional about this, Jemma.”
“Yeah, well I thought it was common knowledge not to cheat on someone, so I guess we were both wrong. Goodbye Milton.” She walked back to the car, high-fiving Fitz without even needing to look, and feeling like she was finally home.



The Wedding
Chapter Notes
I'm back! I didn't forget about this fic, life just got stressful and things got put on the back-burner for a bit. But I am back and hoping to get the next chapter out ASAP! Thanks for sticking with it! Enjoy!



Jemma had always thought weddings to be joyous occasions, with music and dancing and happy guests. However, according to her roommates, the particular wedding they were set to attend was a recipe for disaster. The groom was a mentor of Fitz’s, a Holden Radcliffe. The bride was the twin of Fitz’s ex. Therefore it was a required event with no escape as well as meaning a required run in with Fitz’s said ex. It was a landmine stocked situation.
It was early in the morning, a full three hours before they were required to leave, when Jemma sent the boys to shower and get dressed, having herself already showered and beginning to apply makeup. An hour after that, Jemma stood trying on dresses that best matched Fitz’s tie, the appropriate amount of matching for a pretend couple. “It says we’re together without overly screaming it,” she had said brightly, far too early in the morning, as she presented and then forced him into the navy blue tie. “Plus the color brings out your eyes and I happen to think I look good in navy.” It was decided by Mack and Hunter (mostly Hunter) that to avoid a potentially dangerous encounter with Fitz’s ex-girlfriend, Ophelia, Jemma would go as his date to the wedding and, unbeknownst to Fitz, keep an eye on him, making sure he didn’t do anything reckless. Thus the tie.
“Honestly Fitz, it’ll be fun! Just relax and enjoy yourself!” Jemma called from her closet turned dressing room as Fitz and Mack sat on her bed waiting, having had “far too much time to get ready!” as Fitz had put it when he had come into her room after getting dressed to await her inspection. Mack had come in moments after to give his opinion on Jemma’s dress, like she had asked, and began playing games on his phone while Fitz tapped his foot anxiously.
“You don’t know Ophelia or what she’s capable of,” Fitz stated ominously, fidgeting with his tie and rubbing the palm of his hand with his thumb.
“Normally I would agree that Fitz should calm down, but nobody out crazies Ophelia,” Mack said, looking up from his game, nodding, and looking as though he was staring into a war-torn past.
Jemma scoffed through the door and, unbeknownst to the two men, rolled her eyes.
“I doubt she’s the soul-sucking monster that you all say she is.”
“Are we talking about Ophelia? I heard soul-sucking monster and just assumed,” Hunter said, appearing in the doorframe. “Personally I still believe she’s more of the heartless robot type.”
Hunter walked into the room, his hands lazily in his pockets and the first three buttons of his shirt undone.
“Hunter, button your shirt. We’re going to a wedding, not a beach holiday.” Mack said disapprovingly, rolling his eyes.
“A beach holiday! Firstly, that insult makes no sense when I’m wearing dress shoes and slacks! Secondly, I believe my attire is completely fitting for the occasion we are forced to go to. You, on the other hand, look like you’re going to a half rate play that your mum dressed you for and Fitz looks like a bloody Mumford and Son.”
“How did I get roped into this!” Fitz stammered angrily. He fixed his shirt cuffs nervously and brushed his hands through his hair. “And I do not look like a bloody Mumford and Son! Jemma picked this out. She even got me the tie,” he mumbled slightly, fixing the navy fabric around his neck, “She said it looked nice.”
“You do look nice, Fitz,” Jemma said, smiling.
The three of them turned quickly to face Jemma. She stood in the open door frame of her closet, wearing a deep navy dress that reached right above the knee and swished as she swayed. It had high neckline, long sleeves, and an open back. Her hair was down in long, loose waves and her eyes were dusted with a hint of shadow and framed in dark lashes. The boys stared, Mack grinning with his eyes soft, Hunter with raised eyebrows. Fitz was frozen, a slight upturn to the corner of his lips and his eyes drinking her in.
“What do you think?” Jemma asked, spinning in the dress, the delicate fabric of the skirt falling lightly around her.
“You look great, Jemma,” Mack stated kindly.
“That color is great on you,” Hunter complemented.
Fitz was silent.
-0-0-0-0-0-
When they arrived at the venue, they all piled out of the car. Fitz opened Jemma’s door and took her arm. He really is quite the romantic pretend boyfriend, Jemma thought as they trailed behind Mack and Hunter.
“You know, I’ve always wanted an outdoor wedding,” Jemma blurted as they walked, “Not that this venue isn’t lovely! I always just thought a countryside wedding would be lovely. Not like in America though, a countryside wedding at home. Maybe Scotland. I always thought Scotland was lovely. My parents once took me on a trip to Perthshire. It was so peaceful and lovely... ” Jemma trailed off, realizing she was rambling and had used the word lovely far too many times. What made her talk about Scotland she didn’t know, all she could think of was how red her face must be getting and how silly it was to mention getting married in Scotland next to her rather handsome Scottish fake boyfriend.
After a second or two Jemma dared a look back at him. It didn’t seem as though he had been listening. Breathing a slight sigh of relief, Jemma looked ahead as they continued to look for their seats. Up ahead she could hear Hunter arguing loudly with Mack, over what Jemma didn’t know. She thought she heard the words “open bar” float back. She looked over at Fitz again. He was rigid as they walked, radiating nervous energy, but the smile he gave her when she delicately touched his shoulder was bright, even reaching his eyes, and he had relaxed somewhat by the time they reached their seats. He had nearly forgotten why he was nervous about the wedding, to begin with. And then, a few minutes after they had sat down, a woman’s silky voice spoke from the aisle.
“Leopold?”
Fitz jumped, whether at the name or the voice Jemma wasn’t completely sure. The woman was tall and lean with shining eyes rimmed with dark liner and lashes. Her hair cascaded past her shoulders in dark curls contrasting against her skin and she was dressed in a long crimson dress that cinched at the waist, matching the color of her lips. Her beauty was apparent but Jemma felt a deep sense of foreboding when looking at her, something behind the eyes.
“Ophelia,” Fitz greeted sharply, “How are you?” His face was stiff but his arm gently draped around Jemma’s shoulder as he spoke. Jemma felt shivers run down her arm as Fitz’s fingers traced across her shoulder.
“I’m well. And who is this?” Ophelia gestured towards Jemma. However, she wasn’t looking at Jemma but rather at Jemma’s shoulder, where Fitz was drawing spirals with his finger. Her eyes were like razors as they scanned from Fitz’s hand, up his arm, and onto his face.
“This is Jemma Simmons. My girlfriend.”
The term girlfriend caused Jemma to pause for a second. Then she snapped back into reality. Right, they were playing pretend. A sudden jolt of fear crossed Jemma’s mind. She never was good at improvisation.
“Nice to meet you,” Jemma said as confidently as she could. She extended her hand. Ophelia looked away from Fitz and at Jemma’s gesture. She smiled sharply and shook Jemma’s hand twice before letting go.
“You as well.”
Ophelia took one last glance at Fitz and then departed towards her seat, leaving Jemma with the impression that she was more like a Lady Macbeth than an Ophelia.
-0-0-0-0-0-
During the ceremony, Jemma noted how much Ophelia looked like her twin, the only difference being that Agnes exuded kindness while there was something just a hint darker to Ophelia that Jemma couldn’t quite place. It was also during the ceremony where Jemma realized the thing that truly bothered her about Ophelia. It was the question of why she broke up with Fitz and not the other way around when it was so apparent that Ophelia was wrong for him.
After the ceremony, Fitz and Jemma went to congratulate the bride and groom, making their way through the crowded ballroom to say hello.
“Fitz, my boy! It’s so good to see you!”
A man with large eyes, grey hair and stubble, and a thick Scottish accent gestured at Fitz. Recognizing him from the ceremony, Jemma registered him as the groom, Holden Radcliffe. He opened his arms wide, releasing his new wife’s hand and embraced Fitz.
“It’s good to see you too,” Fitz laughed as he patted his mentor’s shoulder. Radcliffe released Fitz and smiled at his wife.
“Fitz,” Agnes said kindly, a soft smile tugging at the corners of her lips. Fitz kissed her cheek and congratulated her. He seemed completely used to her likeness to her sister, seeing their differences and harboring no ill feelings towards the kinder woman.
“Now who is this?” Holden said suddenly, turning to Jemma. Fitz grabbed Jemma’s hand and pulled her closer, smiling brightly, the blue in his eyes twinkling.
“This is Jemma Simmons, my girlfriend. Jemma, this is Doctor Holden Radcliffe and his wife Agnes.”
“Ah, wife! It sounds so new and nice doesn’t it! So nice to meet you Jemma,” Agnes said, reaching out her hand to shake Jemma’s.
“Nice to meet you as well, Agnes.”
“Well, it was so nice to see you again. Got to go greet more guests,” Radcliffe said, putting his arm around his bride and beaming. Right as Fitz grabbed Jemma’s hand again, making to turn away, Radcliffe added suddenly, “Oh, and Fitz I really hope you consider that offer I sent you. I really think that it would be a great job opportunity for you. You can’t tell me you don’t have drafts piled up somewhere that deserve a proper building and in a proper lab at that! My colleague looked up your paper and requested to see some of your previous works. He was taken the moment he saw them! Please think about it, my boy.”
Fitz nodded stiffly, “I’ll think about it.”
Radcliffe beamed and walked away, his arm still around his wife.
“What was that about?” Jemma asked, looking at Fitz quizzically.
“It’s nothing. Want a drink?”
-0-0-0-0-0-
    As Fitz went to fetch drinks, Jemma walked around the ballroom to find Mack and Hunter. She found Mack sitting at a table having an argument with a little girl about car engines.
“Hey, Mack,” Jemma interrupted, “What are you doing?”
Mack sighed and turned to face her. “I’m having a discussion with this little Sparkplug here.” Mack gestured at the girl. She smiled brightly.
“What he means is he’s getting proved wrong by an eight-year-old.” The girl beamed brightly.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah. This kid just outsmarted me. Now, go find your parents, kid,” Mack said kindly, smiling to himself as the girl skipped away towards her parents. Jemma smiled too.
“Where’s our eight-year-old?” Jemma asked, scanning the crowd for Hunter.
“Trying to ‘woo some women’ as he put it,” Mack said, placing air quotes around the words.
“Charming,” Jemma said smirking as she caught Hunter walking towards them, dragging his feet.
“How’d it go?” Mack chuckled.
“You’d think I was wearing some sort of woman repellent or something,” Hunter snapped, slumping into a chair next to Mack. Mack smirked and patted Hunter on the back. Jemma sat on the other side of Hunter and rested her hand kindly on his shoulder.
“Maybe it’s just an off day. Perhaps we're all just a little on edge and that’s what’s throwing you off. I mean Fitz seemed a little off today as well.”
“Speaking of,” interrupted Mack, “Where is Fitz?”
“He went to go get drinks a little bit ago,” Jemma replied, looking away from Hunter to search the room, “Someone must have sidetracked him. I’m sure he’s on his way.”
Hunter and Mack sat bolt upright and looked at each other before frantically scanning the room as well.
“Oh shit,” Hunter cursed. Mack followed Hunter’s line of sight, landing upon Fitz. He was sitting at a table with his arm on the back of the chair next to him, laughing slightly, his hand that rested on the table covered by the hand of the woman next to him. Ophelia.
“You left him unsupervised Jemma!” Hunter cried, standing up, his hands flying to his head. Mack stood up as well and watched Fitz, the look of the worn torn past flooding to his features.
“He went to go get drinks! I didn’t think I needed to follow him like he was a child! Maybe this is good! Maybe they will make up!” Jemma tried to make her voice light but the brightness slipped slightly with each word. She stood up and went on her tiptoes to look for him. She spotted him and her stomach dropped. He was smiling. Why did that make her so utterly unhappy? She landed hard back flat down on her feet.
“Oh, they always make up. That’s not the issue,”  Hunter said darkly, snapping Jemma back to the situation at hand, “The issue is when she realizes she’s won and tosses him aside again for the fun of it.”
Mack continued to look at Fitz, his expression becoming more and more dejected.
“What do you mean ‘when she’s won?” Jemma asked.
“She toys with him,” Hunter cringed, “She wants to prove she can manipulate him and that she can have him whenever she wants.”
“It’s a game to her. He’s her backup plan. It’s like she wants to prove she can get his love like she’s testing it out,” Mack added sadly, looking away from Fitz.
“You have to get him, Jemma!” Hunter cried, grabbing Jemma by the arms.
“What do I say?”
“I don’t know, you’re his pretend girlfriend. Think of something!”
“But I’m not very good at improvisation!” Jemma called as they pushed her in the direction towards Fitz.
“Oh no…”
She walked briskly towards the table where Fitz sat, desperately trying to think of something to say. However, when she found herself in front of Fitz and Ophelia, all sense of reason left her and all she could think of was to dramatically shout, “Liar!” and point at the two of them.
And that is what she did.
Ophelia sprung up from her chair and shook her head violently. “No, it’s not what you think!”
“Jemma! What are you doing!” Fitz stood up quickly too, looking halfway between perplexed and angry.
“I trusted you,” Jemma continued to ad-lib, her reasonless confidence beginning to slip. Wildly, Jemma grabbed the water glass that must have been Ophelia’s and threw its contents at Fitz, soaking his face and navy tie. Jemma inhaled sharply and slowly put the glass down on the table. Uh oh.
Fitz slowly wiped his hand down his face and through his hair. He began to ring out his tie when Ophelia spoke. “Oh my God. Really this is a huge misunderstanding,” she apologized, “Really, I have a boyfriend.”
“You what?” Fitz whispered, freezing, his hands still around his tie.
Jemma’s eyes widened with fear at the look on Fitz’s face, her heart sinking for him.
“I’ve been seeing someone. His name is Anton. I was going to bring him but I didn’t want to upset you. You know what, I should really get going. I need to congratulate my sister and get on my way. It was nice to see you, Leopold.”
She walked off, her dark hair swaying as she quickened her pace towards Agnes at the other end of the ballroom. Fitz stood stock still and soaking wet.
“Fitz, I-” Jemma was cut off my Fitz’s hand flying up in a stopping motion. He looked up at the ceiling, running his hand through his curls and then rubbing the palm of his hand with his thumb. He sighed deeply, grabbed his glass off the table and downed the drink in one shot. He walked away and Jemma watched as he took two glasses of champagne from a passing waiter and downed each in one gulp. Jemma seethed with sadness and anger. Heartless robot.
-0-0-0-0-0-
“We gave you one job,” Hunter muttered.
“Leave it, Hunter,” Mack sighed.
Jemma sat with her head on the table, her heart hurting. She couldn’t believe someone could be so cruel to someone so kind. She couldn’t believe she’d thrown water on him. On his new tie. She lifted her head and stared at the ceiling. They couldn’t find Fitz. The party was beginning to wind down now and there was still no sign of him.
“Umm, excuse me?” The little girl Mack had been debating with tapped Mack’s arm.
“Hey, Sparkplug. Do you need something?” Mack asked, smiling.
“Do you need to know where your mummy and daddy are?” Hunter asked the girl.
“I know where they are, I’m not six,” the girl shot back. Hunter was taken aback and Mack laughed. Even Jemma cracked a smile.
“No,” continued the girl, “I think your friend is in the photo booth. He won’t let anyone take any pictures. He keeps saying that they need to get out of his house. He doesn’t seem super with it so I was wondering if you could help get him out of there?”
The three looked at each other. “I got it,” Jemma whispered and made her way to the photo booth.
When she made it to the booth she gently tapped on the edge of the door frame that was closed off by a red velvet curtain.
“Hello?” replied a thick Scottish accent.
“Fitz, it’s Jemma. May I come in?”
There was a pause and then, slowly, Fitz drew back the red curtain and gestured for her to come in. She sat down on the bench, crammed closely next to him.
“Jemma,” he slurred, “Welcome to my home. I live here now. Sorry, it’s a bit of a work in progress but with a little work I’m sure it will be great!” His eyes drooped slightly as he talked, their shoulders rubbing together as he gestured around the cramped space. “There’s already a mirror in here so I don’t need to get one. It’s also kind of a telly so that’s cool.”
“That’s very cool, Fitz,” Jemma said kindly.
“I’m working on the guest room right now. It’ll be really nice. You can stay there if you like. I’ll put up pictures of home. You mentioned home earlier today, made me think of Scotland and my mum and grass and the countryside, and the color navy. Do you know my favorite color is navy.” His eyes drifted to the sleeves of her dress and down her arm before snapping to the curtains of the booth.
“I didn’t know that,” Jemma said.
“It is. I’m going to make the curtain’s navy because I know you like that color too.”
“Fitz that would be-”
“Lovely,” he finished, staring deeply into her eyes. He blushed and turned away, playing with the curtain on his side. “I don’t like these curtains. They’re too red. They should be navy. It’s a calming color…” he muttered drunkenly.
“Fitz, will you look at me?”
He turned his head sadly towards her. She looked at him, placing her hand over his on his knee, “She doesn’t deserve you. And you didn’t deserve that. Flirting with you when she had a boyfriend was cruel and you are too good to deserve that.”
He looked sadly down at his hands and then back up to her face.
“Yeah,” he said softly.
“We should get going. Hunter’s about to get in a fight with an eight-year-old and Mack is close to falling asleep.
“Yeah, and I’m drunk so maybe it’s best if we do.”
A smile spread across Fitz’s face and he began to laugh hysterically. Jemma began to giggle as well.
“You threw water in my face,” he said clutching his chest.
“Yes, I did,” Jemma responded.
“You’re so bad at improvisation!” He continued to laugh.
Jemma laughed at him as he clutched his hands to his chest, the laughter along with the color of his tie bringing out the blue of his eyes.
“I think we should go, Fitz.”
He stopped laughing and looked up at her. “Yeah. We should.”
Jemma pulled back the curtain and got out of the photo booth. Fitz slid to her side of the booth and she offered her hand to pull him up. He took her hand and Jemma tugged him up from the seat. He smiled at her and patted her arm. “Thanks for being my pretend girlfriend today.”
“It was nothing,” she said, shrugging her shoulders.
“I’m glad you’re around, Simmons.”
“I’m glad too, Fitz.”



The Sleepover
Chapter Notes
Life got crazy again, but here it is! The next chapter. I missed writing and I'm glad to be back! Hope you enjoy this chapter, I had a ton of fun writing it!



Daisy was drunk. It had been obvious from the typo-riddled text message and confirmed with a very slurred phone conversation that consisted of Daisy yelling about her boyfriend, something Bobbi was about to do, loud music and ending with shouts and a slurred, “Love you Jemma! Please pick up! Bye,” even though it had been an actual conversation and not a voice message. Bobbi, who was with Daisy, was of no help whatsoever being only slightly less drunk and being half the reason Daisy had made the said slurred call. That was why Jemma Simmons walked into a club at eleven o’clock at night wearing her pajamas and the first jacket she had found on the couch that she was pretty sure belonged to Fitz to save her friends from their bad girl shenanigans.

“You piece of shit! You’re a lying bastard!”

Daisy was yelling over the blaring music at a man Jemma recognized to be Grant Ward, Daisy’s current handsome and dickish boyfriend. Bobbi was only kind of trying to pry Daisy away as she swung her arms wildly, hitting the well-built man in the chest with dull thuds. Jemma wound her way through the crowd, avoiding getting stepped on and bumped into as much as possible by pointing her hands out in a diving motion and swerving against the waves of dancers.

“Pardon me. So sorry. If I could just. Beep beep, so sorry. Traffic jam. I’ve got to get to my friends, so sorry, beep! Daisy! Bobbi!” Jemma pushed past her last person and grabbed onto Bobbi’s arm.

“Jemma! Oh my god! Thank goodness! How did you know we were here!” Bobbi wrapped her arms around Jemma haphazardly and giggled slightly. Jemma pried off Bobbi and turned to grab Daisy, who now had free rein to hit Grant Ward. He was becoming angrier and angrier with each hit, his strong jaw clenching.

“Daisy! I got your text! I’m here to pick up you and Bobbi!” Jemma shouted the words over the blaring music.

“Jemma! Thank God! He was making out with some other girl! Can you believe that! He’s such a lying asshole!” Daisy pointed at her--what Jemma now assumed--ex-boyfriend with a look of pure drunken disgust.

Jemma gasped. “You get away from here!” Jemma said slowly to Ward, making a shooing motion at the man.

“Oh my God,” Ward yelled at Jemma, “Not another one of Daisy’s crazy friends. The other one already punched me! You’re lucky I don’t call the cops!”

“Hey! Bobbi had every right you cheating scum! And don’t talk to my best friend like that!” Daisy leaned forward and ripped the deep-V collar that Ward was wearing all the way to where it was tucked into his pants. Daisy laughed loudly as Jemma jumped forward, grabbing Daisy from behind by the shoulders, pulling her back.

“That was my favorite deep-V! You ripped my deep-V!”

“Well, now it’s just a deeper V!” Jemma yelled back apologetically, grabbing a laughing Bobbi by the arm as she continued to pull Daisy towards the door.

When they were finally out of the club and in Jemma’s car, Bobbi laid back in the back seat as Daisy haphazardly climbed in through the passenger side door. Jemma pulled Bobbi into a sitting position, told her to buckle her seat belt, threw her a water bottle that she had put in the door, and then slammed the driver side door closed, sighing heavily.

“Hey thanks for picking us up Jem,” Daisy slurred as she sloppily buckled her seatbelt, “You know I really thought Grant was different. Didn’t you think Grant seemed different?” Daisy looked at her with heavy eyes and a sad expression. Bobbi hiccuped in the back as she struggled to get the bottle of water open.

“Yeah,” Jemma said slowly, looking away from her friend and grabbing the water from Bobbi and unscrewing the lid, “he did seem like a nice not at all scary bounty hunter who wore really deep V-necks.”

“Well they’re deeper now,” Bobbi giggled, taking the water from Jemma, sloshing some on her shirt as she sat back.

“Ok, so where am I driving you?” Jemma asked turning to look at Bobbi then at Daisy.

“Well you see, Grant has been staying with us because-”

“Because Daisy’s an idiot,” Bobbi mumbled, attempting to wipe her shirt dry.

“You’ve known him for three weeks,” Jemma groaned, facing Daisy.

“Can we just crash with you until he’s gone? It’ll only be for a couple of days!” Daisy pleaded, grabbing Jemma’s hand.

“I don’t know,” Jemma said slowly, “It’s the weekend and the boys might have plans.”

Daisy looked at her with large puppy dog eyes and her bottom lip stuck out.

“Fine! But the boys might be busy so be on your best behavior,” she turned back to Bobbi, “both of you!”

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

The boys were doing nothing. Fitz and Mack sat on the couch playing video games as Hunter walked in wearing a silk kimono that barely covered what it needed to.

“It’s Friday night chaps. It’s on.”

“Change, Hunter,” Mack said, pausing the game. Fitz put down the controller and leaned his head back against the couch, groaning.

“What happened Hunter?” Fitz sighed, gesturing sadly at his kimono-clad friend, “You didn’t use to be like this.”

“What are you talking about? What’s wrong? It’s Friday night gents!”

“Yes, which means that I am going to sit and play video games all weekend in silence and avoid leaving this place as much as possible,” Fitz said, hitting resume on the game.

“But I’ve got us invites to a very awesome party with very beautiful women and I am not going to decline,” Hunter said, sitting down on the chair.

“Are you even wearing underwear? How much is separating you from that chair?” Mack asked, looking away from the game again and causing his character to get hit repeatedly, his side of the screen turning red. Fitz yelled as Mack put the controller down and turned to face Hunter.

“Just a little bit of sunshine,” Hunter said, smiling.

“Take off the kimono, Hunter. It’s not right.” Mack said, shaking his head.

“It’s leisure wear, Mack. It’s my treat to myself.”

“It’s not right and you look ridiculous.”

“I worked a long week and if you had a job you’d understand.”

Mack shook his head incredulously. He had been searching for a new job after being laid off his previous one. It was a sensitive subject. Fitz grimaced and stared heavily at his game, trying to melt into the couch without losing focus.

“Really? Really. Wow, things just got real in here. Okay, you won’t take the kimono off then… then I’m not wearing any pants.” Mack stepped out of his sweats and stood facing Hunter. “Boom. Everyone walking around wearing whatever, no matter how stupid. Then fine, Hunter, I’m wearing a napkin on my head!” Mack grabbed a napkin off the coffee table, opened it, and lightly placed it on top of his head. Fitz leaned to better see the television as Hunter stood up.

“That’s ridiculous! It’s not even close to being the same!”

“Oh really! I feel like it is,” Mack said, stuffing more napkins down his shirt, creating a bib.

Fitz leaned farther and farther as Mack stuffed napkins behind his ears and up his nose.

“You are being ridiculous, Mack! You are laughing in the face of an entire culture!”

“Me! This is what you’re driving us to, Hunter!”

“This was handcrafted! In China!”

“Maybe take off the kimono, Hunter,” Fitz said, pausing the game.

“I will not! Now this is-”

They froze at the sound of the front door opening, Hunter standing in his kimono pointing at Mack, who was large form was covered in napkins and pantless, and Fitz sitting on the couch between them.

“Umm, whatcha doin’ guys?” Jemma stared at the scene in confusion, her hand still on the doorknob.

“Nothing.”

“Chilling.”

“Friday night, ya know.”

Fitz put his face in his hands as Hunter spotted Bobbi and tried to pose nonchalantly, resting his arm on the couch but not sitting. Daisy began to laugh.

“Oh hey, Bobbi,” Hunter said, his arm draped strangely as to show his biceps.

“I’m going to use the bathroom,” Bobbi said, blinking at Hunter. She hiccuped and then made her way down the hall. Daisy giggled at the scene in front of her before walking down the hall and into Jemma’s room as to wait her turn for the bathroom.

“I am so so sorry!” Jemma whimpered, turning to face the men in front of her, “Daisy broke up with her boyfriend, which I’m honestly not too upset about, but it means she’s very vulnerable and they’re both drunk and Ward is at their place.” Jemma breathed deeply, covering her face for a second. Slowing down her speech slightly she continued, “I normally wouldn’t bring them here when they’re like this. Bobbi has no boundaries when she’s drunk; she gets really handsy and flirty and Daisy gets into party mode and just eggs her on, so I apologize for anything they might do. They’re my best friends-”

“Jemma,” Fitz interjected, “It’s okay. It’s not a problem if they stay here.”

Jemma smiled and breathed deeply.

“So what do you mean by the boundaries and handsy things?” Hunter asked lightly. Fitz rolled his eyes as Mack turned slowly to Hunter with a look of disappointment through the blockading napkins that were stuck up his nose.

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

As Jemma was gathering blankets and pillows for her friends’ impromptu beds, she heard music begin to blare from the living room. She made her way down the hall, desperately trying the keep ahold of the pillow that was slipping out of her fingers. Daisy and Bobbi were jumping and dancing in place as Hunter did whatever he called dancing around them, still in his kimono. Mack was holding a beer, his napkins now thrown away and his pants back on, and somewhat dancing next to Daisy. Fitz sat on the couch fiddling with the beer in his hand.

“You know, this is the exact opposite of what being alone looks like. I really don’t mind you being here and all but this is not what I had in mind for my weekend!” Fitz shouted over the music.

“Hey! What’cha doin’ guys? I have the stuff to make both your beds. Daisy? Bobbi? It’s time for bed now,” Jemma said kindly, trying her best not to appear frustrated.

“You!” Daisy shouted playfully, pointing at Fitz, “Dance! Come on, get up!” She danced her way over to Fitz and began her attempt at pulling him up.

“That’s okay. I really would rather not-”

“Come on!” Daisy pulled him up to a standing position.

“Daisy, he said he didn’t want to dance,” Jemma tried politely.

“I’m really not the dancing type. You see Hunter would be y-” He was cut off by Daisy tearing open his shirt and laughing hysterically as Fitz bent over trying to do up the buttons again.

“I’m going to bed,” Jemma said flatly, dropping the bed materials on the couch with a thud.

“I think it’s time for bed now,” Fitz said kindly, walking away from Daisy and gathering up a blanket and pillow and placing it down on the couch for her.

“Bob, you can sleep in my bed!” Hunter exclaimed, jumping on and over the couch and guiding her to his room. Daisy laid down and Fitz placed the blanket over her, rubbing his hand down his face as she began to snore lightly.

Hunter lead Bobbi to his room and made sure she was alright before closing the door and jumping over a kitchen chair on his way back into the living room.

“She is sleeping in my bed, gents! The beautiful, blonde, kick your ass, bombshell is sleeping in my bed!” He whispered excitedly, clapping his hands together as in prayer. “I am one step closer to wooing her, just you watch!” He ran up the wall and landed in a karate pose.

“Well, at least it tires him out,” Mack said, watching as Hunter figure skated down the hall to the bathroom.

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

“I know last night wasn’t a shining moment, but really you’ll love them.” Jemma smiled as she prepared scrambled eggs and toast. Fitz sat at the counter, lazily eating his cereal as she talked. 
“Would you like some eggs?” Jemma asked brightly.

“No, I’m alright. I’ve got my own breakfast.”

“Sugar cereal isn’t a breakfast, it’s a dessert, Fitz.”

“Jemma, I don’t need you to...”

“What?”

“I don’t know, take care of me. Just stop being so nice.”

“Oh please, Fitz,” Jemma said jokingly, smiling brightly at him.

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

Bobbi awoke to Hunter doing pull-ups in the frame of his bedroom doorway.

“Oh my God! What the hell!” Bobbi said, sitting up groggily and attempting to unstick her hair from her mascara glooped face.

“Oh, I was just getting in my daily ab crunches,” Hunter said, swaying. His feet were strapped to the top of the doorframe and his body hung limp upside down. “How are you this-” His head hung limp and his mouth drooped open.

“Hunter?” Bobbi got up sloppily and tapped Hunter on the arm. “You alright?”

Hunter jolted awake. “Wha- Sorry, I think I just passed out. Did anything happen?”

“Look I would really like some water, is there any way you could just-”

“Oh no, just slide me like a curtain.”

Bobbi pushed her way past Hunter and into the kitchen.

“Hey could you maybe-” he attempted. The door slammed behind him as he swung back limply.

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

Daisy sat in Jemma’s room cross-legged on the bed as Jemma entered with a tray of eggs, toast, and a glass of water.

“Why are you the best?” Daisy sighed, taking the tray from Jemma.

“Because I am.” Jemma smiled, sitting on the bed next to Daisy.

“Where’s Bobbi?” Daisy asked, biting into the toast.

“Taking a shower. I found Hunter standing outside the bathroom door after Mack got him down from the doorframe -- don’t ask. He conveniently needed to brush his teeth.”

“Cute.”

“Yeah.”

Daisy took a bite of her eggs as the door swung open, revealing Fitz.

“Hey Jemma-- oh, hi Daisy. Jem I was just wondering if you needed anything from the store. I’m heading there in a bit.”

“Yes! I actually need rather a lot. It might be best if I just come with you.”

“Ok, sounds good.” He smiled and tapped the door frame before closing the door lightly.

Daisy smiled into her water glass as Jemma continued to smile at the shut door.

“He calls you Jem,” Daisy said lightly.

“Yes. What about it?” Jemma turned to her friend confused.

“Jemma. Come on. He’s totally into you!”

“What! Fitz. Phshhh, no. That’s ridiculous. Fitz! Into me! Please.”

“Jemma!”

“No! Daisy! No. You are not ruining this. We are friends! And I actually think they’re starting to warm up to me! Please don’t make this into something.”

“Make it into something? Jemma! Did you hear the way he says your name.”

“He’s Scottish, Daisy that’s how Scottish people say my name.”

“And his feet! Jemma, his feet were pointed directly at you! A man’s feet point at what they want!”

“If he stood any other way, he’d be standing like a duck.”

Daisy rolled her eyes, her sly smile refusing to budge. “Just go on your grocery store date.”

“It’s not-- Daisy! Will you just keep an eye on Bobbi while I’m gone, please! Also, don’t flirt with the boys. Mack is too busy to date and Hunter, well he’s sweet and more sensitive than you think.”

“I’m not the Hunter problem.”

“That’s why I said watch Bobbi.” Jemma shut the door and made her way to Fitz, the sprouting seed that Daisy planted tickling the back of her mind.

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

As they walked around the store, Jemma couldn’t help but notice people’s feet. To Jemma’s dismay, there did appear to be a trend with the happiness of a couple and the direction feet were pointing, aligning with Daisy’s hypothesis.

“So how long have you known them for?”

Jemma looked up from the floor and at Fitz. He was staring at a shelf and picking up a bottle of shampoo. He was rather handsome, with strong features and gorgeous eyes, and he was rather symmetrical.

“I’ve known Daisy since I was eleven. Her parents work brought her to England and we’ve been friends ever since. Daisy became friends with Bobbi through modeling and the rest is history.”

Jemma stared down at her feet. As Fitz turned away from the shelf, his feet pointed directly at her. Her mind went blank in a strange panic.

“You seem to take care of them a lot,” he said, placing the bottle in the cart. Jemma continued to stare at his feet.

“What? I’m sorry. What did you say?” Her eyes flicked up to his face. He was looking at her, concern and confusion in the ocean of his eyes.

“I just mean, you take care of people. It’s just something you do.”

She looked back down at the ground to find his feet still pointing at her. Was Daisy right? Did Fitz like her?

“I’m sorry, just-” She began to move around him, staring as his feet followed her.

“Jemma? What are you doing?” He looked from her line of sight and back up at her, his concern growing.

“Okay, yes…” She continued to move back and forth to either side of him.

“Jemma I just meant- Jemma? What are you doing?”

“I’m just walking around like a friend. Friendly walking around.”

“Okay… Jemma, let’s just get the last thing on the list and go home, alright.”

“Okay, friend.”

“Sure. We just need toilet paper.”

“Umm I don’t,” she had opened her mouth before she knew what she was saying, “I don’t use it.”

“You don’t use toilet paper?”

“That’s not what I- That’s not what I meant.”

He placed his hand on her arm and looked into her eyes, causing her heart to stop beating for a second and instead choose to leap into her throat.

“You feeling alright, Jemma?” Daisy was right. Her name sounded lovely when he said it.

When they were back in the car and stuck in traffic, Jemma tried her best to calm herself. She knew it was just Daisy getting into her head, but it was bothersome nonetheless. She began to overthink everything that had ever occurred between them. The way he passed the popcorn to her first when they watched movies, the way he smiled at her in the mornings, even though he was as far from a morning person as possible. The more she thought about it, the more Daisy’s theory began to line up in her brain. She was snapped away from her conclusion making by Fitz’s voice.

“What?”

“I said are you feeling alright, Jemma?”

“Why do you have to say my name like that?”

“Like what?”

“Like that! In that accent?”

“Because it’s my accent! Jemma, what’s gotten into you?”

“I just need some air.” Jemma rolled down the windows and attempted to breathe as deeply as possible when a woman selling flowers on the sidewalk came by.

“Flowers?” The woman asked kindly.

“Sure, two for two dollars? Great! Thank you!” Fitz smiled as the woman walked away.

“You want a rose?” He asked amusedly, “Take it, it’s no big deal.”

“Oh, my heavens!” Jemma opened the passenger door, grocery bags in hand, and ran down the street and turned the corner, leaving Fitz to helplessly call after her, still holding the rose.

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

“Really? What is my culture, Hunter?” Daisy sat next to Bobbi on the couch, her arms folded and attempting to keep a smile off her face as Hunter tried to come back from his major misstep. Bobbi smiled slightly as Hunter began stumbling through one sentence after the next, Mack shaking his head at each blunder while gaining a deep respect for the girls on the couch.

“And you know, Mulan. Mulan is a movie that-”

“And you’re done.” Daisy cut him off before he could continue to make a fool of himself. “I’m half white, half Chinese.”

“Oh, that’s really cool,” Hunter said before shutting his mouth tightly.

“You want to take a lap, Hunter?” Mack said from the corner of the couch.

“Yep.”

As Hunter jumped up from the chair, the door swung open.

“I walked home!” Jemma exclaimed, dropping grocery bags on the floor and shutting the door.

“What happened?”

“His feet! They were pointed at me the whole time?”

Daisy nodded her head.

“You told her the theory?” Bobbi asked.

“Who’s feet?” Mack looked from Jemma to Daisy to Bobbi confused.

“What theory?” Hunter asked from the kitchen as he grabbed a water.

“Is it my posture? I have really sexy posture?”

“What is happening?” Mack asked, still confused.

The door burst open again.

“Hey, Fitz!” Bobbi greeted.

“Seriously Jemma, what the hell happened? I have been driving around looking for you for a whole bloody hour! We were in the middle of traffic, Jemma.”

Jemma began to bend forward, curving her posture and covering herself with her arms. Mack looked on very confused and Bobbi covered her face with her hand.

“You just jumped out of my car.”

“It wasn’t moving… I was hot.”

“So hot you had to get out and run home? Why are you standing like that?”

“This is how I stand.”

“I have never seen you stand like that. Jemma, I was really worried about you. You can’t just walk around this neighborhood with bags full of toilet paper, which you don’t even use!”

Everyone stopped and looked at Jemma.

“I said I didn’t use toilet paper,” Jemma whispered. Now Daisy had her face in her hands.

“This is ridiculous,” Daisy began, dropping her hands, “Fitz, do you-”

“No, Daisy! Stop-” Jemma lunged and pulled Daisy back. Daisy leaned forward, Jemma clinging onto her shoulders. As they struggled, Bobbi attempted to pull Jemma off of Daisy as the boys watched in utter confusion. Jemma’s hand covered Daisy’s mouth and then eyes. Daisy fell to her knees and Jemma along with her. Bobbi got pulled down as well as Jemma’s watch had gotten caught in her hair. They shouted at each other, Daisy repeatedly shouting, “My face is my job,” as Bobbi yelped with every one of Jemma’s arm movements, and Jemma crying apologies as they all tried to stand up.

“Why do you two make everything so difficult!” Jemma finally said, sitting down and crossing her legs, Bobbi collapsing next to her.

“Make things difficult?” Daisy shouted, “What? Trying to help you be happy! Trying to push you!” She sat down on the floor across from Jemma, tears glazing her eyes.

“I like my pace!” Jemma said, finally untangling her wrist from Bobbi’s hair, “I like my life like it is now. I’m not like the two of you. I don’t just jump into the potato sack with the first v-neck wearing potato I see.”

“What did you just say?” Daisy asked.

“You heard me biatch.”

The three girls froze, a deep silence forming, and then burst into laughter, holding their sides as they laughed at themselves and each other in equal amounts. Jemma looked around and realized that the boys were listening, Mack staring confusedly at the girls on the ground, Hunter holding an open bottle of water midair, and Fitz still in front of the door dumbfounded as to what he just witnessed.

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

“Hey, I’m sorry about today.”

Jemma walked into the bathroom to find Fitz, starting to brush his teeth. He looked at her through the reflection of the mirror.

“It’s okay. Are you okay?”

“Yeah, I’m okay.”

He smiled at her, his blue eyes gleaming. She walked over and picked up her toothbrush, her slippers making a swooshing sound against the tile. Fitz held his toothbrush in his mouth as he aided her with the toothpaste. They each took turns to smile at one another while the other wasn’t looking and brushed their teeth in peaceful silence.

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

Later that night, Hunter walked into his room. He was exhausted and embarrassed, completely convinced that he had just blown a once in a lifetime opportunity with Bobbi. He missed his bed and his silk sheets. He opened the door slowly to his room. Bobbi was lying under the covers in a matching pajama set of Jemma’s. Hunter breathed in sharply.

“Hey Bob, I know that this isn’t likely to happen between us, if at all. It’s just- it’s been a day. I embarrassed myself in front of the most badass women I have ever met, honestly, the three of you could probably kick my ass all the way back to England from here. The couch is taken by Daisy and the floor is surprisingly uncomfortable. I would just like to sleep in my own bed, please.”

“Okay.” Bobbi smiled at him and he smiled back. She shifted over to one side of the bed. Hunter made his way to his side and pulled back the covers, shifting his weight as to get comfortable.

“I’m sorry about today. I can be a jerk sometimes,” Bobbi said softly, staring at the ceiling.

“That’s okay,” he paused, “I hate sleeping alone.”

“Me too.”

Bobbi closed her eyes and searched the bed until she found his hand lying next to hers. She took it and intertwined their fingers.

“If you tell anyone, I really will kick your ass all the way back to England.”

Hunter closed his eyes and smiled.



A British Thanksgiving



Jemma often equated the teaching of middle school biology to driving down a road full of unavoidable potholes. These potholes included things like accidentally saying orgasms instead of organisms when reading from the textbook or children laughing at terms like sperm whale or every time the word sex appeared. It also included witnessing the lack of care that is drowning an innocent plant in soda for the sake of a half-baked last-minute science project, honestly the nerve of twelve-year-olds. Having great friends and wonderful roommates to unwind with after driving down this bumpy, but nonetheless rewarding, road made the job a whole lot easier. But having someone that understood the experience, a fellow teacher, a comrade in arms so to speak, was nice too. That was what Antoine Triplett was.
Antoine Triplett, Mr. Trip as the students called him and Trip to the faculty, was the beloved P.E. teacher at The Academy, the private school Jemma taught at. He was incredibly handsome and kind and Jemma couldn’t help but admire him. Plus, the crush that Jemma had on him aided in distracting her from other, more problematic, feelings that had begun to blossom within her for her grumpy, stubborn, handsome, funny, brilliant- Jemma shook her head. She wasn’t to think about the blue-eyed scot in that way, not when it meant risking her friendship with him. Instead, she would channel those feelings into friendship, and work, and the handsome Mr. Trip.
In an attempt to get the kids engaged with biology, Jemma had arranged them to learn about human anatomy through fun physical activities. Seeing as it was the day before fall break, it was all Jemma could do to keep her students from flying off the rails and stay engaged with learning. She even brought in Trip to help with the class.
“Thank you so much for your help, Trip,” Jemma said over her shoulder as she packed up the over-plush dodge balls.
“My pleasure.” Trip said as he dumped his armload into the wire rolling basket and shut the lid, the clanging sound ringing in the open gym.
“So, have any plans for the holiday?” Jemma asked, trying to keep her cool by resting her arm against the basket. It rolled away from her and she stumbled, barely keeping herself from falling to the floor. Trip grabbed the cart before it ran into the brick wall, putting down the brakes so as to keep it from rolling away. All the while Jemma’s face flushed bright red as he turned back to her.
“I’m not really doing anything. We normally have it at my grandma’s-”
“That’s great!”
“But she just died so…”
“Oh, I’m so sorry!” It took everything in Jemma’s power not to bolt from the room at that moment, wiping invisible dirt from her dress just to keep her clicking feet planted.
“Thanks. Well, I guess I should be going. Enjoy your break.” He flashed a brilliant smile and turned to go, slinging his duffle bag over his broad shoulders. Suddenly, a thought came to Jemma’s mind, causing her to smile with nervous anticipation.
“Hey, Trip?”
-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
“Hello, boys!”
Jemma threw the door to the loft open, balancing a completely frozen turkey on her knee and trying desperately not to fall over as the door swung wide. The three men sitting on the couch swung around to see the chaos as the turkey slipped from Jemma’s hands and fell to the floor with an icy thud. Swinging the reusable grocery bags over her shoulder, Jemma picked up the frozen behemoth and stood proudly in front of her roommates.
“I went to five different grocery stores and got the last turkey left in America! Happy Thanksgiving!”
“Jemma, love, you do know that we’re British, right? We don’t celebrate Thanksgiving.” Hunter gestured to the turkey with his beer bottle, taking a swig and turning back to the football match.
“Mack’s American! Don’t you at least celebrate Thanksgiving?”
“I haven’t had an American Thanksgiving in three years.”
“Don’t you visit your family or anything?” Jemma questioned.
“I see them at Christmas. Everyone’s too busy for Thanksgiving and avoiding a holiday where we all might kill each other is for the better. We call each other, say the I love you, miss you thing, and then wait for the chaos of Christmas.”
“Jemma, we do British Thanksgiving. We order take-out Chinese food, watch football--real football--, drink beer, and then go to Best Buy for Black Friday, the beer and Best Buy the only things that coincide with American Thanksgiving,” Fitz added as Hunter and Mack raised their beers to tradition.
“Dudesgiving,” Hunter said proudly.
Fitz bowed his head, pinching the bridge of his nose, “For the last time we’re not calling it that Hunter.”
“It’s real, mate.”
“No. It’s not. It’s ridiculous and no matter how many emails you send-”
“Guys, please!” Jemma dropped the turkey to the floor, “It won’t be a big deal! I’m just cooking dinner is all. Dinner for you guys, me, and Trip.” She added the last part in an almost whisper.
“What?” Hunter asked, his eyebrows raising. Mack lowered his beer from his lips.
“Did you say ‘and Trip?’ Who’s Trip?” Fitz asked, “Did you invite someone named Trip to our house?”
“Yes, I did,” Jemma said smiling. She laughed slightly, her grin spreading to her eyes, “I asked someone out!”
“You asked someone out?” Fitz said, eyebrows raising slightly. Mack and Hunter looked from Fitz to Jemma and back again before Hunter smiled warmly.
“Jemma,” he said kindly, “Be honest. Is the turkey named Trip?” He laughed at his own joke and took a swig of his beer right as Mack smacked his shoulder, causing the beer to slosh down his shirt.
“No, the turkey isn’t named Trip. Trip is a real guy and he teaches at my school and he’s kind and tall and symmetrical looking. And, for your information, the turkey is named Hank. Hank’s giving,” She smiled proudly, “and we are going to eat him for dinner. A real, proper, dinner.” Jemma picked up the turkey and stumbled to the kitchen as Hank attempted to slip from her grasp.
“Hank’s giving,” Fitz said incredulously. The three men stood up from the couch, beers in hand, and sat at the counter as Jemma ran to get the rest of the groceries from her car.
Jemma came swiftly back into the kitchen, placing more bags on the counter. “Don’t worry you guys, I’ll take care of everything! We’ll have a nice, healthy, Thanksgiving dinner.”
“Are we going to be able to talk to this Trip guy or is he a teacher too?” Mack asked, watching as Jemma bounced around the kitchen like she was in a pinball machine.
“He’s the PE teacher at my school and I’m sure the four of you will get along splendidly! You see, normally he spends Thanksgiving with his grandmother but she passed away recently.”
“That sounds like a great plan, Jem. You’ll be the girl who replaces his dead nan,” Fitz said, the words dripping with sarcasm.
“I know!” Jemma said happily as she walked out of the kitchen to grab the last grocery bag from by the front door, “Isn’t it sweet.”
“This is bad guys, he’ll be the fifth roommate, I’m telling you,” Mack said, ducking his head low so the other two had to lean in, “We’ve got to make sure he’s a good guy.”
“It’s a first date, Mack,” Fitz advised, shaking his head. They all sat up as Jemma reentered the kitchen.
“Don’t worry guys, I’ll take care of everything. You just drink your beers and enjoy Thanksgiving. Just out of curiosity, do any of you know anything about cooking?”
Fitz and Mack looked at each other and then at Hunter, who had ducked his chin to his chest, his eyes shut tight.
“You know, just the basics for cooking a turkey,” Jemma continued as she unpacked the groceries, “it says you need some sort of string.”
“Trussing string,” Hunter blurted.
“Hunter, don’t.” Fitz put his hand on Hunter’s shoulder as if willing him to stay seated.
“That’s a good turkey tip. You got any more, Hunter.”
“Yes. Don’t start cooking Thanksgiving dinner the night before. Second, don’t ask a guy out on the least sexy holiday.”
“What are the sexiest holidays?” Jemma asked curiously.
“Women’s history month and Christmas, obviously,” Hunter said, counting them off on his fingers.
“Please, Hunter! Will you help me.”
“Nope. Can’t do it, love.”
“What if I invite Bobbi.”
Fitz and Mack looked at Hunter with fear in their eyes, watching as the gears started to turn in Hunter’s head.
“Don’t do it, Hunter.”
“Stay strong, man.”
“Come on Hunter, Thanksgiving with Bobbi.”
“No, Hunter.”
“Okay,” Hunter blurted, jumping up from his stool, “But, you see, it may come as a shock to you that I have some control issues when it comes to the kitchen. So, laying rules out now, I will be in charge and you don’t touch anything.”
“And so it begins,” Mack said, grabbing his beer and walking back to the couch. Fitz pinched the bridge of his nose as Hunter began organizing the groceries.
-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
With only a few hours until Trip’s arrival, the turkey was still frozen solid. They had tried everything from trying to squeeze it in the oven, which had resulted in a jar worthy joke from Hunter, to Jemma lying on the ground trying to warm it with body heat, at which point Bobbi had entered and they all collectively decided that there had to be a better way of going about it. That was why the turkey was in the dryer.
“I put it on permanent press,” Jemma said, watching as the turkey bounded around the dryer.
“Great. So you don’t have to iron it,” Fitz deadpanned.
At that moment, the doorbell rang, causing Jemma to jump, a small squeak escaping her lips as she turned to her friends, brushing back the stray strands of hair that had escaped her ponytail. “How do I look?” Jemma asked, her eyes screaming with nerves.
“It’s better if you don’t know,” Hunter said, patting her on the shoulder kindly. Fitz slapped him in the chest as Mack smacked the back of his head. Jemma groaned and ran to the door, the others slowly trailing behind her and lining up like they were greeting guests to Downton Abbey. Jemma took a deep breath and opened the door, revealing a handsome looking Trip holding a bottle of wine and a board game. He was dressed nicely in a smart blazer and dark slacks. He looked put together and professional, especially when compared to Jemma’s disheveled cooking clothes and the welcome wagon in front of him. Bobbi was wearing her normal effortless attire, Mack and Fitz were both in a t-shirt and jeans with Fitz wearing a zip-up hoodie, and Hunter was wearing an apron over his v-neck and dark denim combo. Worrying he would feel out of place, Jemma tried to greet him as warmly as her nerves would allow and smiled brightly. However, Trip didn’t seem to think anything was at all out of place, even with the thudding of Hank's carnival ride coming from the dryer.
“Welcome to our home. Everyone this is Trip” Jemma said brightly, presenting Trip to the group. They all waved somewhat awkwardly at him. He nodded at all of them, his hands effortlessly in his pockets. They all relaxed somewhat at Trip’s easy nature and Jemma offered him a drink. He took one gladly and sat by Bobbi at the counter, Hunter rushing back to the kitchen to continue the meal and not to be close to Bobbi at all. Fitz and Mack sat back on the couch as Jemma rushed to the fridge and grabbed a drink for Trip.
“All right, I’m going to go freshen up and I will be right back! Oh, and Trip brought a board game that we can all play after dinner!” Jemma went to rush back to her room when she heard Fitz mutter to Mack about just wanting to watch the match.
“Hey Fitz, can I talk to you please.” Fitz walked to Jemma’s room, Jemma following. She shut the door with a click and turned to him sharply.
“What, Simmons?”
“I’m just asking you not to do that thing you do,” Jemma said in a forceful whisper, “The thing where you get all distant and grumpy and make that face like you can’t believe what your hearing and then pinch your nose and huff.”
“I don’t do any of those things.”
“You do all of those things. Fitz, please. Just don’t talk about politics or overly complicated engineering ideas to purposely confuse people. Just be nice to him okay. Please, he’s the first guy I’ve liked since Milton.”
Something ran across Fitz’s face that Jemma couldn’t quite identify before he sighed, looking at her kindly. He shrugged, “Okay.”
“Thank you, Fitz. You’re the best.”
-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
Hunter ran around the kitchen like a turkey with its head cut off, giving orders like he was the head chef at a five-star restaurant, even though his only assistant at the moment was Bobbi, who was halfheartedly cracking walnuts and watching Hunter amusedly.
Trip was talking to Mack, the two sharing pictures of their family. Mack was very interested in the story of Trip’s grandfather who fought in World War II alongside the famous war hero, Steve Rogers. Fitz sat on the couch awkwardly next to them, trying his best to be nice but talk of family made him uncomfortable so he quietly watched the match.
“Bobbi! What are you doing! Did you wash your hands before touching the walnuts?” Hunter yelled, dropping the potato he was peeling onto the immaculate countertop.
“It’s fine. I’ll wash them after,” Bobbi replied, continuing on with her task.
“You’ve contaminated the whole bowl!” Hunter exclaimed. The two stood facing each other directly, the bowl of walnuts in between them.
“They’re fine, Hunter. Look, I’ll prove it.” Bobbi took a walnut from the bowl and placed it into her mouth. Hunter looked at her with his mouth open, a look of horror in his eyes.
“Eat a walnut, Hunter.”
“No. I’m fine, thank you.”
“Are you scared?” Bobbi taunted, picking up a walnut from the bowl and inching closer to Hunter. She went to put the walnut in his mouth only to have Hunter smack her hand away and retreat to the sink.
“Beautiful hell-beast,” Hunter muttered as Bobbi giggled at him.
Jemma walked into the living room, now dressed nicely in a long-sleeved purple dress that fell just below the knee. Her hair was done nicely and she smiled brightly.
“What are you guys gobbling about?” Jemma laughed, Trip laughing with her.
“We’re just talking about family,” Trip replied, “Mack was just showing a picture of his father and himself when he was younger.”
“Oh, I’d love to see that, Mack!” Jemma said happily, sitting next to Trip on the couch.
Mack showed her the picture, smiling reminiscently at the photo on his phone. They started to talk about their parents and funny moments from childhood. Fitz stared pointedly at the television, though not really seeing what was on the screen at all.
“What about you, Fitz?” Trip asked, kindly trying to invite Fitz into the conversation, “What are your parents like?”
Fitz looked down at his hands, massaging his palm with the thumb of his other hand. Mack, who had lifted his beer to drink from it, slowly dropped his drink from his lips and looked at Fitz carefully, ready to change the subject if Fitz began to fumble.
“My mum’s great,” Fitz said, the corners of his lips trying their best to remain upturned. “I’m convinced she’s the only person in the world who knows how to make mince pies correctly. Her try at American food, however, leaves much to be desired.” They all laughed and Fitz breathed a sigh of relief only too soon.
“And your dad? What’s he like?” Trip asked. Mack looked as though he were about to tackle someone and Jemma noticed Fitz go slightly pale, or paler.
“It’s just me and my mum,” Fitz said stiffly. Hunter, who had been arguing with Bobbi over sanitation in the kitchen, heard the question posed to Fitz and felt that then would be a good moment to announce that they needed new walnuts, as Bobbi had contaminated them all.
“I can get some more,” Trip said, standing up, “Though, come to think of it, I’ve had a few drinks so it might be better if I didn’t drive.”
“Fitz, you haven’t had anything to drink. Could you take Trip to get more walnuts?” Jemma asked, her eyes pleading to him and begging for help. They battled silently, their eyes screaming words at each other no one else could understand.
“Sure. Come on Trip, let’s go.”
-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
“How did it go?” Jemma asked as the two walked back through the door.
“We got the walnuts.” Fitz held up the bag of walnuts and continued on to the kitchen.
“Hey, can I ask you a question about Fitz,” Trip said.
“Sure,” Jemma replied.
“Do you two have a past or something?”
“What? Fitz and I! No! We-” At that moment there was a large bang as the dryer exploded. They all jumped and Hunter ran, tearing off his shirt and fanning the smoke away with it, all the while yelling “turkey” at the top of his lungs. Smoke billowed from the dryer, filling up the loft and driving the party away. They opened all the windows and tried their best to clear the smoke, but it was no use. Jemma put her face in her hands, her heart in her throat. Her first date with Trip was an utter disaster.
-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
“I’m sorry, Jemma,” Fitz said, looking at his shoes.
“I’m sorry I caused us to need a new dryer,” Jemma said, trying to keep her voice light.
“That’s alright. Just blame Hunter. That’s what Mack and I normally do.” He looked up at her, though his head still remained somewhat down, and the corners of his lips turned upward. She laughed, the laugh melting away some of the sadness that blocked her throat.
Trip had said that he had something he needed to do and had left, leaving the rest of the group to stand in the cold outside the Best Buy. They were surrounded by people who were strangely strict about the rules of the line, treating butters like witches during the Salem trials. Fitz stood next to Jemma in the long line, complaining of hunger every now and again. Bobbi and Hunter stood close together, Bobbi wrapped in Hunter’s jacket, while Mack leaned against the wall, his eyes closed. There was a voice in the distance that sounded slightly familiar. They all stood up and began looking around for the source of the voice. Trip came running down the line of people, landing in front of Jemma.
“Hey! Sorry, I’m late. I was searching for a deli that was still open, which took a shockingly long time.” He grinned a bright smile and held up a bag full of turkey sandwiches and water.
“You came back,” Jemma sighed, her eyes glazing over with happy tears.
“Of course. I didn’t want the date to end. Not when I was having so much fun.” Jemma quirked her eyebrows up questioningly. “Ok,” he said, “the exploding dryer was a first but still, I was having a great time.” Jemma laughed, hugging Trip tightly. Everyone began passing around the water and sandwiches when there was a shout from behind them.
“Hey! We’ve got a butter!”
“No, we don’t! Calm down,” Fitz said, turning to face the shouting man, “I saved his spot, it’s okay!” He turned to Jemma who began to protest as Fitz stepped out of the line, “I’m going to the back, this spot’s for Trip.” He smiled genuinely at Trip who smiled back.
“Thanks, man.”
There was a pause in which they watched as Fitz walked to the back of the line then looked at one another.
“Fitz!” Jemma called after him, “Wait!”
She grabbed Trip’s hand and stepped out of the line, pulling Trip along with her as she jogged to catch up with him. Hunter and Bobbi followed and Mack, sandwich in hand, made up the rear. Fitz turned around to see them jogging towards him, laughing as Jemma began to skip. 
“To Thanksgiving!” Mack shouted, raising his sandwich in the air.
“To Hank the turkey!” Fitz toasted.
“God save the queen!” Hunter shouted at full voice. Bobbi smacked his chest. Jemma laughed, arm in arm with Trip, as Mack, Hunter, and Fitz all raised their sandwiches in the air, bellowing "God Save the Queen," and walked to the back of the line.



The Christmas Party From Hell
Chapter Notes
So, homework sucks. But it's summer now so I can write again! I'm going to try to be better at uploading more regularly but for now enjoy this chapter!



    Jemma Simmons was amazing at gifts. She was a planner, insightful, hopeful, and understanding, making her able to always find the perfect gift, one that was both sentimental and personal. For Christmas, she bought the boys each a pair of rollerskates, anticipating their eye rolls and disgruntled expressions as their way of masking their true excitement. Even through their peevish ways, Jemma smiled and waited for their true reactions to set in. Sure enough, when Jemma rushed into the apartment later that day she found all three of them clad in roller skates; they were fighting over something but in roller skates nonetheless.    “Guys, I really need your help. I… Are you guys wearing the roller skates I got you?”    Shocked by her sudden presence, Fitz tumbled to the floor. Hunter, his focus on Mack who was shoving him backward, missed Fitz’s fall and ended up tripping over him and landing flat on his backside.    “And the winner is Alphonso Mackenzie!” Mack exclaimed, rolling over to Jemma.    “Congrats,” Jemma giggled, “Now hold still so I can take a picture of you three. Oh my goodness you guys are adorable.”    Mack posed triumphantly as Fitz and Hunter fought each other to get up, pushing each other down as they did so.    “Simmons, do not take that picture. Argh, Hunter stop bloody pushing me!”    “Stop bloody pushing me!”    “Got it! So cute. Now all of you get in my car.” Jemma commanded, slinging her purse farther up her shoulder and turning on her heel.    Finally standing, Fitz rolled over to Jemma, braking in front of her.    “Simmons you’re doing that thing again where you explain something in your mind and then no one else knows what’s happening.”    “Right, of course,” Jemma said, tucking her hair behind her ear, “I need to go to the mall. I haven’t got a single clue what to get Trip for Christmas and I need your guy’s help and I’m somewhat panicking because it’s only been a month since we started dating and what if he doesn’t like what I get him! What do I get him? I mean do I-”    “Jem, it’s okay. We’ll help you.” Fitz smiled at her, rolling towards her and gently placing his hand on her shoulder.    “Alright then! Let’s go!”    Jemma walked out the door turning only when she heard a large crash and Fitz’s exclamation of, “Dammit, Hunter!”     At the mall and roller skate free, they each began to scour stores for gifts, the boys deciding that as long as they were there they might as well find their gifts too. They split into teams, Mack with Hunter and Fitz with Simmons, determining after the first store that all four of them together was asking for trouble.    “Why are you so nervous about what to get him. It’s not like it’s relationship defining or anything,” Fitz said, glancing at Jemma as they walked the length of the mall, searching store windows. He was hopping on one foot as he tried to fix his shoe for the eightieth time thanks to Hunter “accidentally” flat-tiring him, that being the final straw and the reason for the teams.    “It’s our first Christmas together! It is important!” Jemma said, finally pausing and allowing Fitz to use her shoulder as a balance, “I just have no idea what to get him, which is odd because I always know what to get people. I don’t know if it should be heartfelt or funny or both somehow. All I have so far is a coupon I made him for sex.” Jemma said, pulling out a piece of decorated cardstock.    Fitz’s cheeks went pink as his foot hit the ground with a loud thud before he quickly composed himself and then promptly burst into laughter.    “Why are you laughing! Fitz, don’t!” Jemma said exasperatedly, pulling Fitz from the oncoming traffic of mall-walkers as he tried to compose himself. Fitz reached across her and pulled the paper from her hand.    “ One coupon for nerdy sex,” Fitz read aloud as Jemma fought him for the piece of paper.    “Fitz!”    “No, I’m going to cash it in,” Fitz joked, raising the card above his head, “Seriously Simmons, thank you. Thank you so much! I finally know what to get my mum!”    “Fitz! Give it back!” Jemma laughed, trying her best to be serious but failing miserably.    As Jemma chased Fitz down the length of three store windows before they continued their search, Hunter looked for a gift for Bobbi.    “It has to be perfect,” Hunter said, smelling a piece of soap from a display.    “Whatever you get her, it’s not going to make her like you, man,” Mack said, rolling his eyes as Hunter inhaled purple glitter from the soap resulting in a tremendous coughing fit.    “Also, shouldn’t you be worrying about making sure Fitz makes his flight?”    “Yeah yeah, I’ll make sure Fitz makes his bloody flight,” Hunter spluttered through coughs. “He put us on the same flight so I could help him remember. Correction, Jemma put us all on the same flight so we would all remember. Thank God for Jemma or I would still be responsible for Fitz.”    “No. Fitz is always responsible for you except for his one weakness of not being able to get on a plane in time and somehow that is a strength of yours.” Mack asserted, his eyes nearly getting stuck in the back of his head from excessive rolling.     By the time they had found their gifts, Mack was only seconds away from murdering Hunter, Jemma was on the verge of a panic attack, and Fitz had mentioned that he was hungry over a dozen times. Despite all of that, Jemma purposefully missed a turn and set them on the path towards Candy Cane Lane, a neighborhood decorated to the nines with Christmas lights. Being only three in the afternoon, none of the lights were on, but Jemma insisted that they all needed to see it before they left for the holidays.    “I don’t think we’ll have enough time-” Fitz began, tilting his head to see more of the decorations on display.“We’ll have enough time to see it after Hunter’s work party and before our flight. It will be fine, Fitz,” Jemma assured, turning the car around and smiling at the unlit lights, “It must be absolutely adorable when the lights are all on.”“Or kitschy. Kitschy and adorable!” Hunter assured at Jemma’s glare, raising his hands in defense.“Shush, Hunter. Let me have this one thing tonight, okay.”The three men exchanged glances as Jemma drove back to the apartment. It was going to be anything but a jolly holly holiday party tonight. As Jemma wrapped up Trip’s gift and awaited his arrival at the apartment, she slowly felt her nerves start to rise. She had located it at a kids store and it had caused her and Fitz to nearly roll on the ground from laughter. The anatomically correct heart that sang “Staying Alive” by the Bee Gees when it was squeezed was both biology related and cheesy as hell. Jemma loved it. And it had made Fitz laugh, which was a feat in itself, so it wasn’t a terrible gift if it was taken correctly. That was just it, however. Jemma couldn’t judge if Trip would take it correctly. He was easygoing and kind so he would at least accept the gift with a good heart but it wasn’t the gift that was bothering her. It was something she couldn’t quite place.When he arrived at the apartment, they sat across from each other on her bed and exchanged gifts. Jemma opened hers first and nearly plummeted through the mattress. He had gotten her a lovely pair of blue crystal earrings.“They’re beautiful,” Jemma sighed, her eyes stinging and her nerves escalating.  “I’m glad you like them! Alright, my turn,” he exclaimed, picking up the gift bag. It took everything in Jemma’s power not to snatch the gift from him. Her throat closed as she anxiously watched him take the plush toy out of the bag. He looked at it thoughtfully for a moment. “Press it,” she said, half reaching for the toy before quickly pulling her hand back and willing herself to stay in the room and not run across the hall and hide under Fitz’s bed. He pressed the center of the heart and a tinny rendition of “Staying Alive” filled the room. He smiled his gleaming smile and laughed. It did nothing to relieve Jemma’s feelings of inadequacy.“You like it?” She asked, her face on fire.“I love it,” he assured, wrapping her in a tight hug, “I really love it. I- I love you.”It felt like the wind had been knocked out of her along with every word she had ever learned. Stuck in his embrace, Jemma fixed her hold on him slightly before quietly saying, “Thank you.”She closed her eyes tightly, her body engulfed in the flames of embarrassment. He pulled away and smiled at her, attempting to ease her embarrassment by acting like that was a completely valid response to his declaration. She scooted slightly back and, to her horror, accidentally squeezed the toy heart under her palm, solidifying “Staying Alive” has the song that would forever haunt her nightmares. Hunter had nearly begged on his knees for them all to attend his work party, knowing full well that if Jemma came then Bobbi would be more likely to brave the event. Fitz was Hunter’s ride to the airport, so he had to go, Mack had lost a bet, Daisy and Bobbi went for Jemma, and Jemma agreed because she had seen it as a chance to celebrate the holiday with Trip before she left for home. After the “I love you” situation, Jemma felt like the plane ride home was a million years away.After arriving at Hunter’s office building, The Hub, Jemma sprinted to Daisy when she spotted her on the entrance steps, the resulting laughter lightening the weight in her chest slightly. She had brought along a new McHandsome, some Silicon Valley guy by the name of Miles. Bobbi, right behind Jemma, was nearly doubled over, her eyes watering with mirth. Daisy was sporting her usual flawless attire, paired with a dark evening glam makeup look. But on top of it all, she wore a fake handlebar mustache, smiling proudly at the reaction.“You wore my gift!” Jemma exclaimed happily.“Of course I did,” Daisy laughed.“At least you finally won’t be mistaken for a fourteen-year-old now,” Bobbi giggled.“And why aren’t you wearing your gift, Amazonian,” Daisy retorted.“Who says I’m not.” Bobbi held up her purse triumphantly. Emblazoned across the bag was  All I want is a cheeseburger and curly fries .“Shut up, that’s amazing!” Daisy grabbed the bag, looking at it with pure joy. “However, it doesn’t beat my mustache. I’m going to go up to people at this fancy party and say that I mustache them a question until I get kicked out or punched.”“Or you could take it off,” Miles grumbled, “They’ve seen it now so…”“It’s just a joke,” Daisy muttered, taking off the mustache as they all made their way into the building. As they entered they were greeted by a scarring sight. Hunter was sitting on a red velvet chair dressed as Sexy Santa, looking as though he were trapped there before he caught sight of his friends and put on a facade of joy, calling their names cheerfully.“It’s going to be a long night,” Mack whispered in Fitz’s ear as their group slowly dispersed into the holiday battle zone.After floating around the party for half an hour, Jemma informed Trip that she was going to find them drinks, only to find the nearest quiet hallway and duck to find her breath.“Hey, Jemma. You alright?”Jemma looked up to find Fitz, a glass of water in one hand and a shortbread cookie in the other. She sighed with relief at seeing him, a person of comfort in the Christmas war zone.“Yes of course! I’m fine! I-- Okay fine,” She ducked her chin to her chest and took a deep breath before continuing as Fitz’s blue eyes swam with concern, “Trip said that he loved me.”A look passed over Fitz’s face and was quickly replaced by the quick raising of his eyebrows.“Oh.”“And I couldn’t say it back.  But , but, I did say thank you. Which is not at all worse. Now I have no idea what to do because I, I don’t know. I don’t really jump into things like that.”“Jem, if you don’t feel the same you’ve got to tell him. Letting him on will only make it worse.”“But I can’t do that! It’s Christmas! And then it’s New Years and Valentine's Day and then Rachel Carson’s birthday.”“Can’t fight that logic.” Fitz broke his cookie in half, and handed one of the pieces to her. She smiled at him and took the piece, placing it in her mouth. “Jemma, look at me. You like him enough that you don’t want him to get hurt. You just have to tell him.”She chewed thoughtfully for a moment before launching herself off the wall. “Yes. Yes, of course. I’ll tell him. I’m going to tell him right now.” And she marched off, unbeknownst to Fitz, in the complete opposite direction of Trip.     Daisy fought her way across the packed party zone towards the lady's restroom, pushing her way through the door and fighting back angry tears. She stared at herself in the mirror for a moment before she was startled by the call of her name. She turned to find Jemma standing against the bathroom wall, arms crossed and a fourth of a cookie in her hand.    “What are you doing in the bathroom of sadness?” Jemma asked.    “Miles is being a jerk. You?”    “Eating a cookie and avoiding confrontation.”“I shall join you in that.”“I got the cookie from Fitz, but you can join in the avoidance,” Jemma said, sliding down the wall to sit on the floor.“Gladly,” Daisy responded, sliding down the wall as well.    Meanwhile, Bobbi, on track to the lady’s room, spun around at the call of her name. Hunter, pinned to his seat by one of his co-workers on his lap, was trying his best to get her attention. Bobbi sighed and made her way towards him, trying her best not to smile at the way his face lit up when he saw she had changed her course towards him.    “Um… Davis. I know that you’re doing this on a bet but I’m going to need you to get off my lap please and thank you.” Bobbi laughed as the man Davis groaned and got off Hunter’s lap, a woman with short hair and a leather jacket laughing at him as he got out his wallet.    “What was that?” Bobbi asked, smiling as Hunter massaged his thighs.    “Piper bet Davis that he couldn’t stay on my lap for over fifteen minutes.”    “How far did he get?”    “Ten. And bloody hell is he heavier than he looks.”    Bobbi laughed, the melody of her giggle lighting up Hunter’s face.    “So, I got you something for Christmas. It’s my break so I thought I’d give it to you now.” He reached behind his chair and pulled out a small gift bag.    Hiding how touched she was, Bobbi gently took the bag from him. She carefully tore out the tissue paper and picked up the contents of the bag. It was a small, old fashioned, bottle of perfume.“Check the bottom.” Hunter smiled, a rare genuine grin bursting through his suave facade.Bobbi gently turned the bottle so she could see its label.  Mockingbird , it read. Something pricked at Bobbi’s eyes but she quickly blinked it away.“It’s your nickname right? What your dad calls you. You mentioned it once.”“Yeah. Yeah, it is. Thank you, Hunter. Merry Christmas.”“And a Happy Christmas to you Ms. Morse.”She smiled at him before nearly sprinting to the bathroom, afraid of letting her guard slip. She burst through the door, placed the perfume bottle gently on the counter, and turned on the sink, splashing water in her face.“Bobbi’s got a crush,” came a teasing voice, that sounded awfully like Daisy Johnson’s, from the floor. Bobbi spun around.“What the hell are you guys doing in here?”“Avoiding our problems. Care to join us?”“Please.” And Bobbi slid down the wall next to them.    Fitz was not a fan of parties. In his dream world, he would interact in large social settings once a year at the most. But no, he had to come to a party filled with people he doesn’t even know. He wished he could find Jemma, her presence warm and calming. Instead, spotting a lonesome Trip on a balcony, he nearly ran into a glass door.    “Who designs these places,” Fitz muttered as he pulled open the door and let it close behind him.“Hey, Fitz,” Trip said absently, obviously lost in thought.“Hey-lo. How are you doing?”“I’m okay.”“Has Jemma talked to you?”“Oh, we talked. Yeah yeah yeah.” he said, trying to flash his trademark smile but faltering slightly.“Yeah, it’s tough mate. You know she doesn’t love you now but that doesn’t mean she might not fall in love with you later, right? Look for the positives, right.”“What? We talked about how I was going to drive you all to the airport… Wait, Jemma told you she didn’t love me.”Fear clenched at Fitz’s stomach as the realization of what he had just said sunk in.“Nope. Nope. Don’t listen to me. Silly, silly me. Completely drunk. Had to much… water.” Fitz completely lost his breath as his eyes began to bug out in panic. “Just a prank,” he whispered lamely, and his chin hit his chest in horrific defeat.     “He is such a great guy! Literally a perfect guy. What’s wrong with me! He’s kind and handsome, and smart. But I just don’t love him. He just isn’t it.”    “I know, babes. It sucks,” Daisy said, placing her hand on Jemma’s knee for comfort.    “And nothing is wrong with you. You guys just aren’t right. Being a “perfect” guy doesn’t mean he’s perfect for you,” Bobbi added, wrapping her arm around her friend’s back.    “Can we sit in this bathroom forever, just stay here for the rest of the night?” Jemma asked, putting her face in her hands. At that moment one of the toilets flushed, reminding them all just how disgusting the bathroom floor actually was.    “Nope, face our fears time,” Daisy said, hopping up and offering her hands to the other two, “Back to battle.”    As Daisy and Jemma exited to their respective battlegrounds, Bobbi held back. She looked in the mirror and grabbed the bottle from where she left it on the counter. She spritzed herself with the perfume, smiling at the fresh, floral scent. Her heart fluttered as butterflies filled her stomach and giddiness bubbled in her throat. Oh goodness was she in trouble.    Jemma made her way through the crowd before noticing Fitz and Trip on one of the balconies. Fitz had fear written in his face while Trip looked as though he had been suckerpunched, an unsettling look on someone who was normally so calm and collected. Fighting through the increasingly drunk business people, Jemma finally wrenched open the heavy glass door.    “Hey you two. What’s going on?”    “Oh nothing, just talking,” Fitz stammered, his inability to lie setting off alarm bells in Jemma’s brain.    “Yeah, just about Moby Dick. Right Fitz,” Trip said, obviously glazing over something.    “Nope. Nope. That’s a lie. I told him you didn’t love him, Jem.”    “What!    “He said it nicely, Jemma,” Trip tried to cut in.    “Are you joking, Fitz! That was not your information to tell, Leo Fitz,” Jemma exclaimed over Fitz’s attempts to apologize.    “You’re right! You’re right! I’m so sorry. I’m just going to--” he stammered, pointing at the door. He made his to the door and pulled on the handle. The door shook but refused to budge, locking them outside.    “Oh no no no no. Please, no.”    “Fitz!”    “This is my nightmare. What. The. Hell! Mack! Hunter! Help me!”    Jemma covered her face with her hands, feeling like she might fall through the floor. She sat down against the guardrail and tried to keep tears from her eyes as Fitz leaned against the door handle, eyes closed as if in prayer. Trip sat down next to her, feet straight out in front of him.    “I’m so sorry, Trip. You’re a really great guy. I just feel really overwhelmed. I just got out of a serious relationship and I just think it’s just moving too fast.”    “I know. Fitz told me. I’m sorry.”    The door banged loudly as Fitz attempted to pull it open.    “So sorry. Pretend like I’m not here. I’m not here. Not even listening.”    “Jemma, I just thought we were feeling the same feelings, you know.”    “I know. I was. Truly. I just think that you were feeling them a little more.”     Another bang rang from the door.    “Fitz! You started this. Sit down and be quiet.”     Fitz huffed before slowly sliding down the glass door, muttering about who locks a balcony from the outside.“I just got really hurt and I trusted Milton and I’m just not ready to do that again. I hope you understand. I just think we should slow things down a bit”“Of course I understand. I just don’t think I can.”“Come on Trip! She’s just asking you to slow down a bit.”“Fitz!”“Sorry.”Suddenly the door was pushed open, dislodging Fitz from his spot.“Hey, Turbo. Hey guys, I’ve been looking for you. We’ve got to go soon if you’re all going to catch your flight.Fitz stood up quickly and patted Mack’s shoulder before escaping out the door. Seeing the situation at hand, Mack nodded at Jemma and smiled sadly. He wedged a plastic fork in the door and let the door fall as he left.“I just want you to be happy Jemma, it just seems like we aren’t on the same page.”“No, I guess not. I’m so sorry Trip.”“It’s okay. All good things must come to an end, right.” He flashed a sad smile at her before standing up, offering his hand to her as he did. She took it, stood up slowly with his aid, and gave him a gentle smile.“I think I’m just going to head home. Do you have a ride to the airport?”“Yeah, Daisy brought a car.”“Merry Christmas, Jemma.”“Merry Christmas, Trip.”Jemma opened the door and left Trip on the balcony, her eyes brimming with tears when she spotted Daisy mid fight with Miles. Daisy had angry tears in her eyes as Miles appeared to rant at her over something. Forgetting the ache in her heart completely, Jemma fought her way towards Daisy.“They’re embarrassing, Daisy. I mean look at where we are. And that ridiculous mustache. This isn’t you.”“Isn’t me! God! You know what, Miles. You’re not who I thought you were,” she spat, rummaging through her purse. Finding what she was looking for, Daisy stuck the mustache on her face, “I mustache you, Miles, if you hate my friends, why don’t you just leave then.”“Fine! Goodbye, Daisy!”“So long! And Merry fucking Christmas!”As Miles stormed away, Jemma wrapped Daisy in a hug. Swapping breakup stories, they made their way to the car where the boys were waiting, Hunter finally wearing weather appropriate clothing.“Jemma--” Fitz began.“It’s okay, Fitz. Let’s just go catch out flight.”“Did Bobbi go home?” Daisy asked, scanning over the group.“Yeah, has an early flight tomorrow but she wishes everyone a Merry Christmas,” Hunter said, leaning against the car. They all piled in and headed off to the airport, the after effects of the party lingering in the air like smoke in the lungs.The drive was silent with Fitz at the wheel, Jemma in the passenger seat, and Hunter, Mack, and Daisy piled in the back. Fitz looked determinedly at the road before making a sudden u-turn. Exclamations erupted in the car but Fitz continued on. Despite the time to their takeoff ticking down, Fitz continued to drive in the opposite direction. Finally reaching his destination, Fitz turned on to Candy Cane Lane. The street was quiet and dark, resulting in Fitz to swear loudly.“Candy Cane Lane looks closed for business,” Hunter mumbled before Mack hit him in the chest.“We missed it,” Jemma sighed, “It’s okay, Fitz. Let’s just head to the airport.”“I’m sorry, Jemma. This was supposed to be your gift but we got stuck on the balcony from hell and… You know what. No. It’s Candy Cane Lane and it’s Christmas.” Fitz jumped out of the car, cupped his hands around his mouth and began shouting for the lights to turn on. Jemma’s eyes widened in shock as Fitz began to walk down the length of the street calling for the lights. Daisy, Mack, and Hunter exchanged looks before they too hopped out of the car and began shouting. Taking a deep breath and smiling, Jemma joined. Suddenly, the lights popped on house by house until the street was lit up like Christmas, twinkling in the cold December night sky.Daisy and Hunter linked arms, loudly singing carols as Mack filmed them on his phone, a smile splitting his face. Fitz slowly walked up to Jemma, his cheeks and nose twinged pink from the cold. He smiled shyly at her, his hands in his pockets.“Merry Christmas, Jemma Simmons.”“Merry Christmas, Fitz.”“Shit! Bloody hell! Our flight!”Hunter ran between Fitz and Simmons and grabbed them each by the arm, pulling them towards the car. Quickly they all piled back in and sped off towards the airport. For the first time in six years, Leo Fitz had made his flight. It was truly a Christmas miracle.



Valentine's




If there was any holiday that Jemma Simmons wished she could skip this year it would be Valentine’s Day. Having broken up with Trip a month and a half ago, Jemma was in the vulnerable stage dubbed by Hunter as “The Backslide Zone.” To avoid any possible attempt to contact Trip, Jemma had been placed on phone watch and had been dragged out to their local bar by Bobbi. As an extra pair of eyes, Hunter had tagged along and requested they go to The Playground where Fitz was the bartender.


    
The bar was loud and stuffy, filled with couples or drunk singles looking to mingle. Hunter sat at a table next to Jemma, acting as wingman and pointing out guys who seemed interested while warding off any creeps. 


    
“Sorry, mate. My friend here is taken. Real tall bloke you wouldn’t want to cross,” Hunter said to a rather intrusive man who was trying his best to get creepily close to Jemma.


 “Thank you, Hunter. Gosh, this holiday is the worst. It’s all just chalky candy hearts and cheap chocolate boxes. Doesn’t have anything to do with love,” Jemma sighed, resting her chin in her hands.


“Honestly. Half the people in here are just looking to get laid,” Bobbi added, scanning the room.


“Ah, aren’t you two a couple of hopeless romantics,” Hunter quipped.


“What, and you aren’t a cynic when it comes to love, Mr. Sleeps-Around.”


“I am not. I believe in love for your information.”


Jemma looked between the two as they bickered about love, feeling as though she were intruding.


“I think I’m going to go get another drink,” Jemma shouted over the music and the bickering. She went to stand but was held back as Bobbi grabbed her arm.


“Phone before you go,” Bobbi insisted, holding out her hand palm up.


“What if I get kidnapped or something and need my phone?” Jemma inquired somewhat bitterly as Bobbi rolled her eyes. She understood why she was being surveilled, admittedly almost contacting Trip multiple times, but the distrust did bother her slightly. 


Bobbi gestured with her fingers to hand the phone over and Jemma reluctantly did as she was told. Rummaging in her purse, Jemma pulled out her banana-patterned phone and handed it over. Bobbi placed the phone in her purse, snapped the bag closed, and returned to her bickering with Hunter. Jemma turned on her heel and headed for the bar. She didn’t even want a drink, she just wanted away from the table and to talk to the one person who seemed to understand her mood at the moment.


“Hey, Simmons. Another beer?”


“Sure, Fitz. Thank you.”


He smiled as she sat up at the counter and he went off to fetch her a beer. She twisted her stool side to side as she waited for him to return, finally feeling somewhat comfortable for the first time that night. 


    
“There you are,” he said, placing the beer bottle in front of her. He leaned forward on the counter, supporting himself with his palms and his arms outstretched. He had his flannel rolled up to his elbows and a towel over his shoulder. He looked at her almost knowingly, his blue eyes scanning her face. “How’s your Valentine’s been?”


    
“Oh, it’s been splendid. I’ve had my phone confiscated because I can’t be trusted, been stuck between Bobbi and Hunter all night, and I’m starving. You?”


    
“Umm let me see. I got good tips from a table full of drunk girls at an ill-timed bachelorette party and only two people have vomited so far so we’re off to a good start.” Jemma laughed, twirling her finger around the rim of her beer bottle.


    
“Do you like bartending?”


    
“It’s not a bad job and the people are friendly. Why? Tired of teaching?” He smiled playfully at her and she shook her head.


    
“No. It was just that I was talking to Mack the other day and--”


    
“And he told you about what I used to do.”


    
“Yes! Why did you give it up! You were an engineer! And by what Mack said, and knowing you, you must have been incredible.”


    
“It just wasn’t where I needed to be. I used to work with Radcliffe, actually how I met Ophelia. She’s his personal assistant. Or at least was, I’m not sure if she still works for him. Still, he can’t answer his own phone for anything so everything had to go through her. I would always call trying to get ahold of Radcliffe and end up talking to her for hours, part of the reason we kept getting back together. We always ended up back in touch. Anyway, we had our third rather nasty break-up. Come to think of it, I think that was the time she pushed me into the server bank. Whole other story. Then I had a disagreement with Radcliffe about where the company was going. There were no hard feelings or anything. I just wasn’t in it for the money like he was. Then there was this whole thing with my da-- Far too long of a story short, it just wasn't a good fit anymore.”


    
“Do you think you would go back to it?” Jemma asked.


    
“I don’t know. Radcliffe gave my name to someone. I don’t know if you remember. He mentioned it at--”


    
“His wedding. Yes, I do remember now! You didn’t get back to him?”


    
“I did. I thanked him for the offer but I told him it just wasn’t the right time.”


    
“What did the person say?”


    
“He said to contact him when the right time came around and to reach out through Radcliffe, compile my ideas, and get to work.”


    
“Do you think you ever will?” 


    
“I might. I mean eventually. Tony Stark isn’t someone you refuse a job from forever.”


    
Jemma’s mouth dropped open. Tony Stark was one of the richest men in the U.S., his company one of the most influential and powerful companies in the world.


    
“Tony Stark,” Jemma exclaimed, “Fitz! That’s amazing. I know that you aren’t in the place for that now, but Fitz that’s incredible. I’m so proud of you! I know it’s not my place but I think you should contact Radcliffe and at least start working on some pitches. Tony Stark would be lucky to have you on his team.” 


“Yeah, maybe I will.”


Jemma grabbed his hand from across the bar. It was warm and rough and her head began to spin slightly. His cheeks went pink, his eyes dipping to the floor before springing back up and catching hers. They looked at each other for a moment before some burly man at the end of the counter gruffly shouted “barman!” and broke the moment. Fitz smiled at her apologetically and pulled his hand out from under hers.


More people began to pile at the bar, swamping Fitz. She stood up and looked down the length of the bar, catching his eye as he feverishly served drinks. She smiled brightly at him and waved. As she turned to return to Bobbi and Hunter at the table, though, he called her name. He held up his hand in a stopping gesture, mouthing the words “hold on” before running to the kitchen. A few minutes later she turned back to the bar as he sped walked down to where she stood, holding a tray full of food above his head and avoiding his coworkers. 


“If you have to be stuck between Hunter and Bobbi without your phone, I can at least fix the starving part. Don’t worry, it’s on me,” he said, placing the plate in front of her. It was half a BLT with vegetables instead of crisps. He had also given her a glass of water and a chocolate chip cookie. “Wait! One more thing.” He bent behind the bar and returned with a tiny drink umbrella with little cliche hearts on it and placed the umbrella in her water, smiling brightly before turning away when his name was called.


Returning to the table, Jemma sat next to Bobbi, slowly eating her sandwich while lost in thought. Whatever Hunter and Bobbi were talking about became white noise as thoughts spun in Jemma’s already buzzed mind. It took Bobbi snapping in front of her face to gain her attention. She shook her head and put down the remainder of her cookie, the rest of her food already scarfed down, and looked at Bobbi.


“I’m so sorry. What did you say?”


“I asked you if you were ready to go.”


“Oh, I guess if you both are.”


“You alright, love? You look kind of out of it.”


Jemma didn’t quite know if she was alright. In fact, she didn’t think she was alright at all. 


“No. I would like to go home.”



    
Jemma didn’t wait for Bobbi and Hunter but instead sprinted into the house, got ready for bed, and dove under the covers. Fitz got home at midnight. She remembered him complaining about it this morning. Somewhere in her alcohol-fueled mind, an idea was rising to the surface, an idea that had been brewing from the first day she had walked into the apartment. Now she just had to not chicken out, but the alcohol was on her side for that. She pulled the covers off of her head and reached for her phone to text Fitz that they needed to talk when he got home only to remember that her phone was still in Bobbi’s purse. 


    
Jemma sprang out of her bed and made her way to the main room. Mack was asleep on the couch, the Hallmark channel lighting up the dark and quiet room. Jemma giggled at the sight, the muscular, tough-looking man peacefully falling asleep to 

The Lost Valentine. 

Bobbi’s bag and shoes were gone and Hunter appeared to have gone to bed so there was no hope in retrieving her phone that night. She would just have to wait for Fitz to return. 


    
She quietly walking back to her room, stopping by the couch to pull a blanket over Mack and to turn off the T.V., and collapsed on her bed. Laying on her side and facing the door, Jemma waited for the sound of the front door opening, the sound that would mark Fitz’s return and the next step into a wonderful unknown.



    
Bobbi woke up slowly, squinting her eyes as she tried to see in the partial darkness. It was still dark outside and the only light came from the kitchen seeping in through the bottom of the door. A heavy arm draped across her stomach and she could feel hot breath on her neck. She smiled lightly and turned to face the man next to her. He was awake and he smiled as she ran her thumb across his cheekbone. 


“Hi, love.”


“Hi yourself.”


Hunter kissed her thumb, then her cheek, then pressed his lips to hers. 


“I have to go,” she whispered in the dark, her heart constricting when his face fell.


“Do you 

have 

to or do you 

want 

to.”


“I have to. They can’t know. Not yet. And Jemma wakes up at the crack of dawn so I need to escape while I still can.”


“Escape. That bad was it?”


“No! It wasn’t bad at all. It was great, amazing really. I would like to do it again. I mean, if you would.” She looked through her lashes at him, her eyes searching desperately for his approval in the dark.


“Being with you at all made me lucky. Being with you again would make me the luckiest bloke in the world.”


She kissed him before standing up, quickly dressing, and retrieving the rest of her belongings. She waved goodnight to him before sneaking out of the room. Mack was still apparently asleep upright on the couch, the T.V. still on just as she and Hunter had last seen him. However, when she went for the door the bright light from the television suddenly went out as a second later the lamp clicked on. 


“Bobbi?” came a deep voice from the couch.


Bobbi froze, shutting her eyes tightly. Slowly, she turned to face Mack. His mouth was slightly open as he looked her up and down.


“Don’t tell Jemma,” she blurted.


“You slept with Hunter!” Mack whisper-shouted causing Bobbi to shush him.


“I said don’t tell Jemma. Please, Mack. Don’t tell anyone. Just give us a bit of time to work out what we are okay.”


“Okay.”


“Wait. Why are you awake?”


“I heard you two. Didn’t want to open my eyes ‘cause it sounded like… well, you know.”


“How? The T.V. was on and we were all the way in Hunter’s room.”


“The T.V. wasn’t on.”


“Then that wasn’t us.”


They both turned to the hallway that held Fitz’s and Simmons’ rooms before looking back at each other.


“Well then… Goodnight, Mack. See you tomorrow.”


“Yeah. ‘Night.”



    
Jemma woke up to the sun shining down on her face. She rubbed her eyes, her fingers trying to dig away her grogginess. Her covers laid at the foot of her bed and she felt cold in her tank top and pajama shorts, despite the February sun seeping through the windows. She turned to check the time on her bedside clock, finding that it was eleven in the morning, hours after she normally got up. She sprang from her bed as she realized what she had done. 


At least, almost done. 


    
She had nearly tried to sleep with Fitz but in her attempt to wait up for him the previous night, she had fallen asleep on top of her sheets, still facing the door. The feelings that she had for him sat in her chest, making her feel as though she might cry. She knew they existed but had pushed them away. But no longer. Even without the assistance of alcohol, she needed to face her fears and admit her feelings. 


    
Jemma stood at her door, her hand hovering above the handle for a few moments before she took a deep breath and opened it. She could hear the T.V., the clinking of spoons in cereal bowls, and the voices of Mack and Hunter drifting from the main room. It didn’t matter. The only thing that mattered was the door opposite her and the man behind it. She took the three steps to his door, raised her fist to knock, breathed deeply and-- the door pulled open. 


“Oh, Jemma. Hi.”


Jemma felt the wind get knocked out of her, her heart stopping, her fist frozen in midair. A tall, thin woman with dark hair stood before her. She was in a pair of men’s boxer briefs and Fitz’s flannel shirt, his scent still detectable on the fabric. She stood in the doorway somewhat awkwardly, like she needed to get past but was afraid to move, tucking her ruffled hair behind her ear. Jemma felt like she could cry, frozen where she stood.


Ophelia.




The Fight
Chapter Notes
So, if you are a fan of New Girl you will notice that events will begin to be a little bit jumbled. I did that to fit the characters better as well as progress the story the way I envision it going. Trust me, there will still be New Girl inspired shenanigans they just won't be exactly like the show. Thanks for keeping up with this fic! I'm so thankful for all the great feedback! Now enjoy the next chapter.



It took a remarkably long time for Jemma to regain her wits and actually lower her fist from where it was stuck frozen in midair. The feelings for Fitz that were still bubbling in her chest were slowly being replaced by concern for her friend. Somewhere between her leaving the bar and that exact moment, Fitz had lost his mind.     “I’m just heading to the bathroom, so…”    “Right, sorry.”    Jemma dodged out of the way to let Ophelia past, the woman’s absence clearing the doorway and providing Jemma with a direct line of sight into Fitz’s room. He smiled at her before taking Ophelia’s place in the doorway, leaning against its frame. He was in flannel pajama pants and a plain white t-shirt, his curls ruffled and his eyes still somewhat sleepy. In any other circumstance, Jemma would have admired his cute, disheveled appearance, but now disappointment, hurt, and anger were beginning to clog her throat and infect her mind. “Hey, Simmons. Do you need something? Jemma? You alright?”Fitz reached out to place a hand on her arm, concern tugging the corners of his lips downward as Jemma continued to stare at him. Suddenly, the dam holding in all her emotions broke at the gentle touch of his fingers.“Ophelia, Fitz!” Jemma burst out, pulling her arm away.“Yeah, isn’t it great. I called Radcliffe to ask about the job and she picked up. We got to talking and--”Jemma’s stomach dropped. He had taken her advice and somehow the universe and given him back Ophelia.“Are you kidding me, Fitz!”“Sorry?”“What are you doing? What were you thinking? You two had an awful relationship! She used you, manipulated you! Do you not remember Radcliffe's wedding? God, and that was just what I saw! Are you crazy?”“She’s changed, she’s different. We had a really deep conversation and decided to give it another shot. I think that this was what was supposed to happen.”“God, Fitz! She’s using you and you’re letting her.” Jemma whisper yelled, her throat constricting.“She isn’t using me if anything she’s helping me. Besides, she’s better than the voice in my head who sounds like my dad and tells me I’m not good enough.”Jemma paused for a second, emotions tumbling about in her body making her feel bruised from the inside. He’d never mentioned his dad like that.“But she’s saying all the same things,” Jemma said painfully.“I’m happy, Jem.”“You’re kidding yourself, Fitz!” Jemma sobbed bitterly, resisting the urge to shake him, “You’re just saying that because you don’t have the courage to actually take a chance on something!”Right as Fitz was about to retort, Ophelia returned. She kissed Fitz on his quickly reddening cheek and asked him if he wanted to come back into his room.“Yeah, I just need to talk to Jemma for a second. Just one second--”He slammed the door before quickly turning back to Jemma who was walking away back down the hall. The T.V. had been muted and all conversation had halted in the main room.“What’s the problem, Jemma!”“You’re making a terrible decision, Fitz! You honestly believe that this is what love is? This thing between you and Ophelia.”“I don’t know. Maybe love is just about timing.”“Timing. Really? Yes, time will fix the way she manipulates you and degrades you. Of course, it’s timing. Silly me, how did I not see it, it’s timing.”“It might be! Who are you to say! You don’t know absolutely everything, Jemma!”“Ugh, I’m so disappointed in you, Fitz!” Jemma yelled, walking into the main room. Hunter and Mack sat as frozen spectators on the couch as Fitz and Jemma’s voices began to escalate and overlap.“Disappointed! What the hell does that mean?”“You keep doubting yourself and falling back into this pattern of letting people use you and manipulate you!”“That’s not what I do! And even if it was, it’s not what I  mean  to do. And what about you? You don’t doubt every decision you make? You’re unreasonably hard on yourself too you know!”“This isn’t about me! This is about you making poor life decisions and bottling up your feelings!”“That’s rich coming from the person who literally invented bottled up emotions!”“Me! I deal with my feelings I’ll have you know!”“What? By hiding in the bathroom at a party? By only admitting your feelings when you’re locked on a balcony?”“That was  your  fault! You have no idea what I have been feeling!”“That’s my bloody point! You’re so English!”“Listen here you hot-blooded Scot--”“You refuse to feel anything, Jemma! You get into something, panic, and refuse to talk about it!”“That’s not true! I was ready to face my feelings for y-- You know what,” Jemma sighed, covering her face with her hands for a moment before removing them and making her way back to her room, “I’m not having this fight anymore.”“Now wait a second,” Fitz said, lightly grabbing her wrist and turning her around slightly, “You started this, we finish it. Say what you wanted to say.” Fitz slowly let go and took a step back allowing for her to completely turn around and face him. She took in a shuddery breath and looked into his blue eyes. He stood with his hands on his sides and he nervously licked his lips as the thing Jemma truly wanted to stay slowly slipped down her throat and back into its box. She looked at his shoes and back into his face, her eyes brimming with tears. “Fine, you know what I wanted to say? You’re one of my best friends, you know. And you’re so smart and so kind and-- You deserve better than this, Fitz. Better than her. And you’re wrong. It’s not about timing. Because if you love someone, it's simple. Everything that comes with it, that’s the hard part, but love… you don’t doubt love. Love makes all the rubbish things worth it and all the fights and all the hardships are just there to prove you’ll fight for it. And Fitz, you deserve love and someone that tells that voice in your head, the one that tells you that you aren’t good enough, to shut up, not someone who replaces it. You deserve more than a backslide. You deserve something magnificent.”“Jemma--”His eyes glassy, Fitz went to reach for her only to grasp onto air, Jemma leaving so quickly it was almost as if she had been sucked away through the front door, still in her pajamas.
It had been hours since Jemma had left and Fitz was in a panic. He had tried calling her, he had made Mack and Hunter call her, he had called Daisy and then Bobbi only to find out that Bobbi still had Jemma’s phone. A half an hour after he had called Bobbi, she had called back saying that Jemma had picked up her phone but had quickly left with no explanation of where she was going, causing Fitz to worry only slightly less. Fitz’s determination to find Jemma had begun to irritate Ophelia around hour three resulting in another tremendous fight and Ophelia storming out the door. “Oh no. Come back. How we have missed you,” Hunter had deadpanned sarcastically at the door as it had slammed behind her, resulting in him being hit with a well aimed pillow by Fitz.At eleven at night, a full twelve hours after she had left, Fitz paced back and forth in front of the television as Mack and Hunter sat on the couch watching him. “She probably just needed to get away for a bit. There’s no need to panic, mate,” Hunter reassured for the hundredth time that day. “I know, I know, I know. It’s just…”“She’s an adult, Fitz. She can handle herself.”“I don’t doubt that. It’s just that we were having an argument…”“Well aware of the argument, Turbo.”“And then she leaves and I don’t… I don’t like leaving things like that. All the things I said they aren’t what I meant and—““It’s okay, Turbo,” Mack soothed, standing up and gently moving Fitz to sit on the couch. Fitz laid his head in his hands as his leg began to shake. Thoughts spun in his head like a top, no one thought staying in the forefront long enough to make any sense. Noticing the spiral pattern, Mack and Hunter stayed the prescribed distance away, the distance that wasn’t intrusive but still solidified solidarity. “What’s going through your head, Fitz?” Mack asked, sitting on the edge of the couch.“I just keep thinking about what she said. The look in her eyes. How she said I was making a mistake,” Fitz replied, getting quieter after every sentence.Hunter opened his mouth to say something before Mack coughed loudly and shook his head. Fitz looked between them before narrowing his eyes.“What?” he asked slowly.“We’ve got to ask, why did you do it? Now don’t give me that look because Jemma asked it too and we were all thinking it. We’ve done this a million times, Fitz, but by the look in your eye and the fact you let Ophelia storm out of here without protest leaves us to believe that this will be a record shatteringly short stint for the two of you. And yet, the fact that this is occurring at all is, well, bewildering.”“I don’t know,” Fitz exclaimed, jumping up from the couch and beginning to pace again, “We just started talking. I didn’t even mean to call her. Jemma convinced me to talk to Radcliffe about that job but Ophelia picked up. And you guys had left the bar and so I was just stuck with a bunch of strangers on Valentine’s Day. She asked what I was doing, I said where I was, and then we talked some more in person and here we are.”    “That’s not the full story is it, Turbo,” Mack said, looking over Fitz as if he were X-Raying his soul.    “What do you want me to say?”    “You could admit what scared you so bad that you slid back to Ophelia,” Hunter chimed in, lounging back into the couch,    “You heard what Jemma said, she got the gist of it.”    “Oh come on! She missed a key detail and you know it. Spit it out so we can move forward in this therapy session.” Mack nodded and turned to face Fitz who, with his two friends sitting before him on the couch suddenly felt as though he were on trial.    “I don’t know--”    “Fitz!”    “Fine! I’m in love with Jemma! Happy!”Mack’s and Hunter’s eyebrows raised at the declaration as Fitz took a large, shaking breath and continued on, “I got scared that I would lose her if I said anything, so I went back to Ophelia because at least I know the twists and turns that come with that and there isn’t any risk. But now I drove Jemma away anyway and none of it matters and I’ve got Ophelia that I’ve got to deal with so all of you were right! I’m an idiot coward who just manages to make bigger messes than what he was avoiding!” Fitz slammed his fist against the sliding door that separated the hallway from the main room before retreating to his room, the door shutting surprisingly softly as all energy drained from his body. Mack glared at Hunter, who sat with his mouth slightly open, before shutting his eyes and leaning back on the couch. “I told you not to do that, Hunter,” Mack grumbled, rubbing his tired eyes with the heels of his hands.“Yeah. But at least he admitted his feelings. That’s a start,” Hunter added, trying his best at cheer but failing miserably.“Sure, a start.”At that, Mack got up from the couch dejectedly and made his way to his room, his tired feet barely lifting from the ground as he walked. Hunter rubbed his face and scalp as if trying to wipe away any feelings of guilt. Just as he was about to make his way to his room, his phone pinged with a text from Bobbi. 
 Jemma’s at Daisy’s. Said she’s going to stay there for a bit. Don’t know how long but probably a few days. I think she’s heartbroken. How is it on your end? 
 
 Fitz is in the same boat.  
 
 Can’t they just admit their feelings already? 
 
 I wish. It’ll happen, though. I know it. 
 
 How? 
  Easy, love. Jemma said it herself. Things can be complicated but love, love is simple.  



4,722 Minutes
Chapter Notes
This chapter is not linked to a particular New Girl episode as most of the rest of the chapter are and will be. However, this chapter will tie back into the New Girl plot in a way that makes sense for what episodes I was inspired by, where I want this fic to go, and the characters. Therefore, to balance and add weight to the comedy, this chapter is also sadder than usual but don’t worry we will return to comedy very soon, as in the next chapter. Thank you so much for reading! I hope you like it as much as I love writing it!




The little diner was near empty and the old jukebox in the corner seemed to loop the same track like an actual broken record. It didn’t matter, it was far away and Jemma Simmons was starving. After having picked up her phone from Bobbi’s, Jemma decided it was best if she didn’t go home for a bit but instead drive for miles until she eventually needed to stop for food. Her stomach ached with hunger and the dull pain of heartbreak as she sat down at one of the booths, studying the swirling blue pattern of the tabletop. 

She had been so close, 

so close, 

to admitting her feelings to Fitz only to end up feeling like she had been gut-punched. All the things she had said to him swam in her brain like marbles in ink, only visible when they got close to the glass behind her eyes, while the thing she wanted to say sat in her chest like a weight. 

I love you

. Why were those words so difficult. She crossed her arms on the table and let her head fall, her hair falling about her face and blocking out the blue walls of the diner until the waiter’s voice caused her to spring back up. 

She placed her order, scrambled eggs, wheat toast, and a cup of tea, and then sat back into the over-plush cushion. Her eyes traveled around the diner, the blueness of it all suddenly overwhelming her. Whoever had designed the place must not have understood the psychology of color. She smiled to herself softly, remembering a conversation she had had with Fitz on the subject. It had nearly driven Daisy insane as they had sat in their favorite little coffee shop, The Bus, pointing out the biological reaction one had to each element of the place. Slowly, the smile slipped from her face, the warmth of The Bus drifting from her mind’s eye as the blueness of her surroundings poured into her stomach like molten lead. Yes, the diner was designed quite poorly.

Jemma pulled out her phone, desperate to distract herself from her surroundings. Her heart fluttered slightly when she saw all the missed calls and texts from Fitz (as well as Hunter and Mack but Jemma knew who those were truly from) before dropping down like a butterfly with a clipped wing. She felt sick as emotions mixed together in her body like metals in a crucible, different feelings bubbling up and popping in her throat. 

There was a missed message from Bobbi and one from Daisy, both checking to make sure she was alright. As she tried to send a reply, the blue bar that indicates the progress of sending stopped half way and Jemma frustratingly noted that she had zero cell reception. 

“Yeah, you can’t call either,” came a voice from somewhere behind her, “That’s the beauty of the place.” She turned to look at the man who had spoken. He sat at the counter, languidly drinking (far too early in the day) from his beer bottle, seemingly uninterested in anything around him. From what Jemma could see, he had a strong frame, dark eyes, a strong jaw with dark unkempt stumble, and an air of indifference and detachment that made him somewhat hard to want to communicate with. He turned on his stool to face her fully, his brown eyes scanning her face. She looked at him quizzically before he spoke again.

    
“Maveth’s Diner is a great place to shut out the world.”

“What makes you think I’m shutting out the world?”

“Never said that. Was talking about myself.”

“And yet you directed it at me.”

“Well, for starters, you’re wearing what looks like pajamas and second you’re here at all. No one comes to Maveth’s on purpose. That’s why no one is ever here for long.”

“And yet, it seems you are here quite often, judging by your demeanor.”

“Can’t seem to stay away. Like the atmosphere, I guess.”

Jemma scoffed, “Or you haven’t found anything to make you want to leave.”

“Or that.”

He downed the rest of his drink, stood up from the counter, and sat across from her, picking up a sugar packet from the edge of the table and playing with it. She looked at him, her eyes scanning over his shadowed face to his calloused hands.

“I’m Jemma,” she said as nonchalantly as she could, holding out her hand. Putting the sugar packet down, he shook her outstretched hand.

“Will Daniels.”

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

    
It was getting on eight o’clock the next evening, Jemma having returned to the little diner as to avoid Daisy’s persistent Fitz related questions, and Jemma sat down at the same booth with Will. It had taken the entirety of her first day sitting in the diner, but Jemma had finally warmed up to the somewhat detached Will Daniels. They had talked about their lives outside of Maveth’s, where they were from, what they did for a living. Jemma was somewhat taken aback but not completely surprised to find that Will was a military man, more specifically a pilot, and she enjoyed talking about her career as a teacher. The topics of conversation blended together from jobs to family to friends. It almost felt like a very strange first date, the feeling amplified when the waiter brought over wine. Jemma felt giggly, the weight of emotions she had entered the diner with the previous day buried away and covered up by conversation.

    
“And then the sink exploded and shot water everywhere. Fitz was slipping around trying to stop the sink, completely drenched, while the shower refused to turn off. It was like the bathroom had become a water park. By the end of it, all we could do was laugh.”

    
Will laughed along with Jemma at the story, smiling softly at the way her eyes lit up while she was telling it.

“I actually have a video of it. My other roommate took it, which at the time was very unhelpful but turned out to be quite amusing in the long run,” Jemma said, searching her purse for her phone.

Jemma pulled out her phone and scanned through her videos before locating what she was searching for. Will moved to sit next to her on her side of the booth as she turned her phone sideways and held it out in front of both of them. 

The video played, Hunter’s laugh from behind the camera booming in the quiet diner. Jemma smiled at the screen as Fitz tumbled to the ground after trying to stop her from falling only to go down with her, their laughter cutting over the sound of water. 

“That’s Fitz,” Jemma murmured softly, her free hand moving slightly to point at the screen before bringing it up to pick at her lip. 

“I figured,” Will said, looking at her sadly for a moment before staring back at the video, “You mention him a lot. His name’s like your favorite word. Seems like a little more than a best friend.” 

Something shattered inside Jemma. Hearing her feelings repeated outside her mind by someone who was a stranger to the situation, knowing they were obvious, and yet unfulfilled crushed her somehow. She tucked her hair behind her ear before turning the phone off with a click.

“No. He has a girlfriend and we… we’re just friends.”

Jemma looked at the clock behind the counter, jumping slightly at the time.

“I really should be going. Thank you for the conversation,” Jemma rushed grabbing her purse as Will slid out of the booth to let her past. 

“Goodnight,” he called as she walked away.

“Goodnight.”

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

    
It was a dark rainy day as Jemma, Bobbi, and Daisy sat on Daisy’s bed discussing whatever popped into their head while 

Friends

 played on the television in the background, a time-honored distraction the trio had created when one of them was going through heartache, or in this case a heartbreak. 

Fitz was still with Ophelia, the woman grasping onto Fitz in a way no one could quite comprehend. Unbeknownst to the girls, Fitz had isolated himself since he had admitted he loved Jemma to Mack and Hunter. He had been unable to reach Jemma, not knowing she had been without cell service each time he had tried to contact and decided it was best to give her her distance. This allowed Ophelia to find her niche and soothe his pains about what she assumed, or decided to assume, was a fracturing friendship. However, from the outside, it just appeared as though Fitz and Ophelia were as tight as ever, a thought that hurt Jemma deeply and frustrated everyone else. Thus the distraction circle.

Bobbi had been rather vague about her love life for the past couple of days, sneaking out of the house and returning slightly disheveled, which was endlessly intriguing to Daisy, who only became more obsessed with something once she heard it was a secret. As Daisy tried to piece together the identity of Bobbi’s mystery man, emboldened by learning that Mack was somehow clued in, Jemma sat distractedly staring out a window. 

“Jem?”

Daisy snapped in front of Jemma’s face, her eyebrows raised as she looked at her friend.

“Sorry, I was somewhere else. What did you say?”

“I asked if you were okay.”

“I’m fine. I’m just hungry.”

“We could get some food. I think the deli around the corner is still open,” Bobbi said.

“I’m okay. I think I’m just going to get something by myself. Thanks for today and text me if you figure out or admit who mystery man is.”

Jemma drove until she reached Maveth’s, finding her place at what was slowly becoming her usual booth. She felt lonely anyway, even among her friends, might as well have a reason to feel cut off from the world. She sat at the booth sadly, absentmindedly scrolling through her photos, the only app that didn’t require some sort of signal at the moment. She happened upon the video she had shown Will, watching it without the volume. The image danced in front of her eyes, Fitz’s smile somehow brightening the screen. She could almost hear his laugh as the two of them fell to the wet floor. She rewound it to watch it again, to watch as Fitz tried desperately to hold back the water before stopping everything to catch her. She paused the video, noticing something in his face she hadn’t before, something in his eyes as he caught her as she slipped. As he went to catch her there was a subtle bit of fear as if he was worried she would be hurt, deep concern etched around his eyes before slipping away as laughter took its place, the both of them soaking wet and laughing on the floor. But, once again, there was something she hadn’t seen at first. This time, however, she couldn’t place it. The soft smile that defied the laughter, being far too soft for hilarity. The way he looked at her completely as he checked to see she was okay… Suddenly the screen went to black as the power ran out. Frustrated, she slammed the phone down on the table. Somehow she had lost phone Fitz too.

“Jemma.”

She looked up to see Will walking towards her. She shook the hair out of her face, hoping he hadn’t seen her little spectacle. 

“Will, it’s nice to see you,” she stammered, trying to plaster on a happy face.

“ I see you haven’t cut your ties with Maveth’s yet.”

“I like the scrambled eggs,” Jemma replied simply.

“That’s impossible. No one stays for the food.”

Jemma laughed softly as Will sat down across from her. He looked at her kindly leading Jemma to believe he had indeed seen her slam her phone on the table for apparently no reason, but, thankfully, he didn’t mention it.

They talked for a few hours, though the conversation was somehow denser than usual, the air heavy. They talked about loss, about heartbreak, each story darkening with the setting sun. Will mentioned the girl that had broken his heart, dumped him in the very diner they sat. How he had come back ever since, unable to shake the diner’s maddening hold. Finally, the rain-drenched sun crept behind the horizon, causing the room to glow its deep blue. Without realizing it, despair began to creep into Jemma’s eyes, causing them to water. Every pent up feeling felt like it would burst through the crack in the dam, break her apart completely until Will spoke.

“You know, I hate this diner. I’ve been coming here for years just to wallow in it. But then I met you.” She looked at him, her mouth open slightly, and took in what he had just said.

“Would you like to go somewhere else then?” Jemma asked, suddenly feeling rather brave, “Maybe get something to drink?”

“I’d like that.”

-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-

    
No one had heard Jemma enter that night, everyone being asleep in their rooms. The next morning began as they all had the past few days. Mack woke up first, waved as Bobbi snuck out of Hunter’s room, made himself some cereal, and sat down to watch the news. Hunter was up shortly after and Fitz after him. They sat in silence, eating their breakfast and watching whatever was on without really absorbing anything. Suddenly a door that hadn’t been open in 4,722 minutes (Fitz had been quietly keeping track) closed with a quiet click. All three heads turned to stare at the woman before them. 

    
“Jemma,” Fitz breathed softly, standing up.

    
“Hi,” Jemma said, smiling lightly.

    
“You’re back!” Hunter exclaimed, jumping up from the couch and embracing her. She laughed and hugged him back.

    
“So, what made you come back?” Hunter asked as Jemma found her place on the couch.

    
“I missed home,” she replied simply, her eyes briefly connecting with Fitz’s before they both quickly looked away. 

    
“Home missed you too,” Mack said, smiling.

    
“So, what’s new with everyone?” Jemma asked brightly, tucking her hair behind her ear as she clicked her heels nervously. 

    
“Nothing much, really,” Hunter said, glossing over a key something that had taken place on Valentine’s Day and every day since.

    
“What about you?” Mack asked.

    
“Actually, I met someone,” Jemma said, her cheeks blushing a rosy pink, “His name is Will Daniels. I met him in a diner the day I left and we sort of made it official yesterday.”

    
“I’m happy for you, Simmons,” said Fitz from the corner of the couch, much to the shock of the other two men who turned to look at him quickly. Ignoring his friend’s stares, he smiled at her softly before going to the kitchen to get more cereal.

    
No one spoke for a few minutes, using the television as an easy distraction before going about their daily business. Mack needed to continue his studying and training for his police exam. He had decided that many of his skills translated well to becoming part of the police force and he was making his way quickly towards his goal. Hunter had “papers he needed to file” at the office while Fitz had a meeting with Radcliffe and then a date with Ophelia.

    
Later that night, Fitz made his way to his room. He had told no one about the horrific date he had just returned from. Ophelia had been chatting away about her plans for the new apartment she had rented as Fitz had been absently playing with his food, his mind wandering to Jemma. It suddenly dawned on him that there was no room in his heart for two people, only Jemma Simmons. Though it pained him as it hit him, he knew there was no way around it. He was desperately in love with Jemma. Suddenly enveloped by this overwhelming thought, Fitz had looked up from his meal, dropped his fork on his plate, and promptly broke up with Ophelia. What happened after that had been quite a scene and Fitz decided it was best if he never went to that restaurant ever again. What hurt him wasn’t the breakup though, it was that he had lost his shot with Jemma. He loved her too much to try and come between any happiness she had found in that far away diner. It was his fault anyway, he’d gotten back with Ophelia and besides, Jemma only saw him as a friend. 

    
He retreated into his room, laid back on his pillow, and pulled out his phone. He scrolled through his photos as one does when they have nothing left to do and happened upon a video Hunter had taken a few months back. He had been incredibly unhelpful in the actual incident but had found the thing so funny he had sent it to everyone. Fitz played the video, smiling as he and Jemma tumbled to the bathroom floor, laughing, as water shot from the sink. Only Fitz could see what Jemma couldn’t; he could see the look written so plainly upon his face as he caught her, the look of love he gave only to Jemma Simmons.




No Use Crying Over Spilled Beans



    It had been a little over three weeks since Jemma had returned and things were finally starting to go back to normal. Everything went back into the usual routine, who woke up first, who left for work last, who ate what, and who yelled at who for eating the last of what. And yet, everyone seemed on edge waiting for something or someone to disturb the peace, as if the feeling of ease was just there to cover up underlying tensions that had been building below the surface since Jemma had come back. It was as if they were all waiting for tensions to be released. And release they did in the form of earthquake Daisy.
    It was a relaxed Saturday afternoon. Jemma was out training for a charity race with Will, Mack and Fitz were playing video games, and Hunter was “filing paperwork.” The day was a peaceful one with Mack even noting how nice the weather seemed. Minutes after he had uttered the words clouds began to form overhead as if the heavens themselves had heard him. Just as a soft pitter-patter of rain hit the windows, the door burst open, nearly hitting the wall behind it as if it had been blown back by a shock wave. Mack jumped as Fitz screamed, the dramatic entrance poorly timed with a jump scare. They turned to see Daisy as she slammed the door shut behind her, still facing them. Her eyes were sparkling mischievously as she smiled brightly at them, plopping herself down at the end of the couch. Mack paused the game, something telling him this conversation wouldn’t end quickly. 
    “Is Hunter here?” she asked.
    Mack and Fitz looked to each other before shaking their heads, resulting in a cheshire smile from Daisy.
    “Perfect. Guess what I’ve figured out.” She leaned forward, her eyes twinkling with knowledge as her smile brought a childish youth to her face. Mack opened his mouth to reply as Fitz waited for Daisy to inevitably cut them off. Sure enough, she did, in record time at that. Mack hadn’t even said anything yet.
    “I’ve figured out Bobbi’s mystery man. Now, what I’ve stumbled upon is secret but I can’t keep it to myself and I am definitely not supposed to tell Jemma so you two are my only outlet--
    “No no no no,” Fitz spluttered, standing up from the couch, “I’m terrible at keeping secrets, especially from Jemma.”
    “Fine. I’ll just tell Mack.”
    “I already know,” Mack said, looking at Daisy with an almost pain in his eyes.
    “You do! How?”
    “I saw them.”
    “You saw them! And you’re not scarred for life?”
    “Not like that! I saw her leave the first time it happened. She told me not to tell.”
    “Guys please don’t--”
    “You knew about Bobbi and Hunter and didn’t say anything?”
    Fitz placed his hands over his ears, comically trying to block out what he had heard as if it were a slow-motion scene, but it was too late. His hands moved from his ears to cover his face as Daisy and Mack talked on. Slowly, he removed his hands from his face to reveal a look of pain similar to that of Mack’s.
    “Wait. Bobbi and Hunter?” Fitz cut in, halting the conversation. Daisy nodded, her eyebrows raised as she made an “I know! Can you believe it!” noise.
    “It all makes sense, though,” Daisy noted, her hands open palm up in front of her, following her intonations, “I mean the flirting, the sneaking around. I’m actually more disappointed in myself than anything. I mean I should have seen it.”
    Mack nodded while Fitz stood with his hands of his sides before fear began to burn inside him causing him to slowly melt down onto the couch.
    “Fitz? You okay?” Daisy asked.
    “Jemma’s going to figure it out.”
    Daisy scoffed, “She hasn’t yet.”
    “But now I know and she can read it on me. I told you, I can’t keep a secret from Jemma.”
“Well except for the one about how you--” Mack interjected before seeing the burning look in Fitz’s eye as he shook his head vigorously. Daisy’s face turned to delighted curiosity, momentarily forgetting the Bobbi-Hunter drama, as she narrowed her eyes at her friend.
    “Fitz--”
    “I don’t have a secret from Jemma,” Fitz rushed.
    “I never said-- You have a secret from Jemma?”
    “No.”
    “Yes,” Mack muttered.
    Fitz stared daggers at Mack as if threatening him to take it back.
    “No…” Mack corrected slowly.
    “Spill, Fitz.”
    “No, Daisy.”
    “Spill.”
    ‘Fine! I love Jemma!” He shut his eyes tight and clenched his raised hands into fists, “Why do I keep shouting that!” Fitz rubbed his hands furiously down his face while Daisy sat with her mouth agape before she started giggling. Fitz’s eyes snapped to Daisy as she began to laugh outright.
    “What?” Fitz snapped, his heart beating rather quickly.
    “Sorry, sorry, sorry,” Daisy laughed, wiping her eyes, “It’s just that… of course you do, Fitz.”
    “What does that mean?” Fitz stammered, trying to find his bearings.
    “I just mean that it’s obvious. Oh come on, don’t look at me like that, it’s totally obvious. I mean, the only person who can’t see you love Jemma is Jemma. But, that’s how it goes, isn’t it? If the person we like can’t know we like them subconsciously we make sure they don't see our true affections, right?” The two men looked at her confused leading her to roll her eyes and mutter, “Idiots,” under her breath before smiling at them affectionately. 
    “Daisy, Jemma can’t know,” Fitz pleaded, looking at his friend seriously. Daisy crossed her heart as the front door softly swung open.
    “Hello,” called Jemma as she hung up her things. There was a chorus of welcome from those on the couch as Jemma sat down in the vacant chair by the window. She tightened her ponytail so that the band was closer to her head as she began to talk.
    “Does anyone know what’s going on with Bobbi? She was supposed to train with me today but canceled last minute. I guess it all worked out because I brought Will along but it’s just so strange. She normally doesn’t do things like that. Why are you all making those faces?”
    “Faces? What faces? This is my face. No other face, right guys.” Fitz’s eyes were wide, words rushing from his mouth like a raging river. Daisy shot a glare at Fitz, her eyes becoming dangerous, but it was too late. 
    “You know something,” Jemma stated, standing up from her chair and walking towards Fitz. 
    “No, I don't,” laughed Fitz nervously. He stood up to get away but was cut off by Jemma. She stood close to him, her chin raised so that they were nearly nose to nose.
    “What do you know?”
    “Nothing!”
    “Fold, Fitz. Fold,” Jemma repeated as Fitz shook his head. But the cracks were forming and finally, the dam broke.
    “Daisy told us that Bobbi and Hunter are sleeping together!”
    “What!”
    The door opened again and Hunter walked in. Jemma stood with her hand over her mouth as Fitz pinched the bridge of his nose. Daisy was trying not to laugh nervously as Hunter slowly looked at the scene in front of him.
    “They know, Hunter,” Mack commented.
    Hunter looked to Fitz and back to Mack, “You told one of the mind readers, Mack.”
    “No, that was Daisy.”
    “Yep, that was me. Totally on me.”
    Hunter turned to Jemma, his eyes apologetic, “Listen, Jemma. I am so sorry you had to find out like this, truly. But, can we all take a moment to appreciate what’s occurred. I mean, I’ve really done it this time, right. Mack, why are you shaking your head?” It was a while before Jemma stopped chasing him. 
    Bobbi arrived a half hour later. Everyone was gathered in the living room in silence, the tension of the group dynamic slowly building up to form aftershocks. She sat next to Hunter on the couch, their knees touching in solidarity. Daisy, who sat with her feet tucked under her next to Mack, continued to sport her mischievous smile as she looked on at the proceedings, having secretly been tired of everyone playing calm and glad that things would finally be aired out, at least a little. 
    “Listen, we were going to tell you all eventually but we needed to figure out what it was first,” Bobbi sighed.
    “And have you?” Jemma asked, her arms folded as she sat in the chair by the window. 
    “Yes.”
    “Not really.”
    Hunter looked at Bobbi with confusion etched on his face leading Bobbi to roll her eyes.
    “Okay, when did it start?”
    “Valentine’s Day.”
    “A month! This has been going on for a month! The moon has completed an entire orbit since this has started.”
    “Why do you start talking like an astronomer when you’re upset.”
    “A whole orbit, Mack!”
    Jemma turned to face the trio on the couch, Daisy with her legs crossed, Fitz trying to blend into the couch, and Mack who looked as though he wasn’t sure how he got there.
    “How long have you known?” Jemma interrogated, staring at Daisy.
    “A few days.”
    “Mack?”
    “Since it happened. Bobbi said not to tell and I’m not a snitch.”
    “Hey, don’t look at me like that muscle man. Be impressed I kept it for a few days!”
    “Simmons, I would just like to point out that I told you pretty much immediately.”
    Jemma glared at Fitz and he disappeared back into the couch.
    “If we’re airing everything out then it might also be important to inform everyone that we did do it in every room of the apartment.”
    “Even mine?” Jemma whined as Hunter nodded, holding up his pointer finger to indicate the number of times. Fitz hit his head on the back of the couch with a thud.
    “Didn’t need to know that,” Daisy said amongst the chorus of groans. Mack gave Hunter a disgusted look as Bobbi buried her face in her hands before speaking.
    “Okay, if we’re spilling the beans and all, what do you want to know.”
    “How can we trust you won’t be lying,” Jemma questioned, raising her eyebrows.
    “You can’t seriously be mad, Jemma,” said Hunter almost impatiently.
    “No. I’m not mad.” The room suddenly turned cold as the rain beat down on the windows. Jemma got up from her chair and made her way to her room. Bobbi went to follow but Daisy shook her head as she herself got up from the couch and went to talk to her friend.
    “I would just like to say that I think what I did was brave,” Fitz muttered, making his way to his own room.
    Jemma sat on her bed for half an hour, mulling over the information she had learned. One of her best friends was sleeping with her roommate and she had had no clue. Could she not be trusted with the information? Were they all just sitting upon a mountain of secrets?
    “I just feel as though I don’t know what’s going on anymore like no one is telling me anything,” Jemma said as she picked at the fabric of her pillow.
    “You know that’s not true. None of us knew, well except Mack but he wasn’t supposed to know. Bobbi just wanted a bit of privacy is all.”
    “Daisy, you were the one who pried.”
    “Exactly, that’s how I know. Jemma, where are you going?”
    “I’m going to have a truth circle.”
    “Ooh, bad idea.  Bad idea . Jemma, come back!”
    Jemma marched across the hall to Fitz’s room as Daisy fell off the bed, pulling herself up rather ungracefully while the noise lead Bobbi to leave the main room and come and investigate. Fitz’s door was open and Jemma could see him through the doorway. He sat on his bed with Hunter, holding what looked almost like a sonic screwdriver as Mack sat in the chair next to Fitz’s desk. The trio was having some sort of conversation about one of Fitz’s designs, presumably the one in his hand. Daisy trailed behind Jemma and Bobbi behind Daisy as they all entered the room, halting the conversation.
    “Simmons--”
    “Truth circle.”
    “What?”
    “Truth circle. Mack, Hunter was the one who deleted your Fallout save but blamed it on the XBox. Fitz, you didn’t forget drinking the rest of that whisky, Mack drank it. And Hunter, Fitz spilled your body wash and then filled it with water and that’s why it was runny.”
    The three men sat with their mouths agape before they turned on each other. Daisy took in a deep breath as Bobbi put her face in her hands. This couldn’t end well. 
    “My mum sent that whisky special.”
    “I can’t believe you deleted that save. It was a year old!”
    “Your save, I’ve been washing myself with soap backwash.”
    “You survived, Hunter.”
    “You know what didn’t survive. My save!”
    “Well, Jemma was the one who deleted your NFL match.”
    “That was an accident. I was recording a documentary and it canceled the recording. And Fitz was a part of that.”
    “I was present when it occurred, doesn’t mean I was a part of it.”
    “You helped me cover it up!”
    “Ok, true. Did do that.”
    “See, that’s not bloody fair at all. You two can’t conspire together.”
    “We didn’t conspire.”
    “Exactly! It’s just impossible for Fitz to keep a secret from me. Fitz? What was that face?”
    “Nothing! I didn’t make a face!”
    Daisy’s eyes went wide and she looked at Mack who was already exchanging a fearful glance with Hunter.
    “Oh come on, Fitz! We’ve already done this today and we’re in the truth circle. Just fold!”
    “I didn’t make a face, Simmons.”
    Their words began to overlap as their spectator’s heads swung from one to the other like they were watching a tennis match.
    “Jemma, maybe you should just let it go,” Daisy stressed, looking at her friend pleadingly.
    “Do you know?”
    “Uh…”
    “Wait…” The room stilled reminding them of the rain outside, “You all know, don’t you!” There was a hint of pain in Jemma’s voice, an almost childish feeling of being left out of the ever-tightening loop, as she looked at the faces that began to swim before her.
    “Fine, Jemma,” Fitz sighed, slumping his shoulders with such force that his mattress creaked, causing Jemma to turn and face him. Fitz tucked his chin to his chest for a half a second before looking at Jemma directly.
    “I broke up with Ophelia nearly a month ago. I didn’t tell you because of our fight. I guess I was embarrassed or something, didn’t want to admit I was wrong. But you were right and I should have told you, thanked you really.”
    It was a good thing that Jemma was only looking at Fitz or she would have seen the surprise on everyone else’s faces. No one had known that the breakup had occurred. It was true, Fitz didn’t mention Ophelia, but they just thought it was because he knew their feelings about her. 
    “I told Daisy this morning, more like had it forced out of me. And Mack and Hunter only learned a few days ago. You weren’t out of the loop or anything. Trust me, you’d be the last person I would want to keep secrets from. It wasn’t even a secret just more of a gap in truth, I guess.”
    Jemma stood there for a moment and then nodded.
    “So… can we be done with the truth circle now?” Daisy said, breaking the awkward silence, “And not just for today, like forever please.”

    It was a warm Sunday evening as Hunter, Fitz, Daisy, and Mack sat in camping chairs on the race sidelines. Jemma, Will, and Bobbi were all in the race and the group was waiting anxiously for them to pass so they could cheer them on before being able to sit back down out of the heat. Jemma was still struggling with the idea of her friend sleeping with her roommate. She was subtly frustrated and not being able to understand her friend as well as being out of the loop so she took her frustration out by running. Bobbi was ahead of Jemma, as was Will, leaving Jemma at the back. Jemma was by no means slow or out of shape but she couldn’t keep up with the long fast legs of her friend and boyfriend. 
    “He knows he could run with her, right. It’s not like the Olympics or anything,” Fitz commented, taking a water from their cooler. 
    “Which one was he?” Hunter took a sip of his beer and strained his neck to look at the runners who had just passed.
    “The dark haired one who just ran past.”
    “Oh… the one with a hog face.”
    Daisy did a spit take with her water as she burst out laughing. Fitz smiled. He did have a hog face.
    “Here comes Bobbi.” Hunter said a few minutes later as he stood up and began cheering wildly, so wildly that people began to stare. He was wearing a white shirt that said  Ba Ba Ba, Ba Bobbi Ran in red iron on letters. She had actually giggled when she saw it. 
    “Now we wait for Jemma,” Hunter said, settling into his camp chair. A couple of minutes passed before Fitz shouted that he could see her coming down the road. They began cheering for her, Mack and Daisy almost doing a cheerleader routine. She smiled at them before stopping where she stood. Her fellow runners began to go around her, some shooting angry glares at her as they did so.
    “Jem! Jemma! You okay?” Fitz was up against the barrier, his hands cupped around his mouth as he tried to amplify his voice over the cheering. Jemma jogged over to them but didn’t answer as Fitz put his hand on her shoulder. She was staring at Hunter’s shirt.
    “Bobbi let you wear that?”
    All heads turned to Hunter as he looked down at his shirt and back up at Jemma.
    “Yeah, it made her laugh. She said it was funny.”
    “Oh my God.” 
    Fitz called her name as Jemma sprinted ahead. She had a burning stitch in her side and her lungs were on fire, but she had finally spotted the swinging blonde ponytail. With her last bit of energy, she made her way to Bobbi. Hearing the call of her name, Bobbi slowed down to a walk, turning her head to see Jemma, face flushed and breathing heavily, running towards her.
    “Jemma, what the h--”
    “You like Hunter.”
    “What?”
    “The shirt. You thought it was funny. You laughed.”
    “I don’t get what--”
    “You like him, it’s the only explanation for thinking that’s funny.”
    Bobbi stared off ahead, her eyes seeing past the road before she sighed deeply.
    “Oh my God,” Bobbi whispered, her hands on her hips as she walked.
    “You didn’t tell me or Daisy because you knew that one of us would figure it out and you didn’t want to admit it to yourself yet. But you like him.”
    “I like him,” Bobbi sighed. She turned to Jemma, a shadow of a smile passed over her face, “Can we just say that I didn’t tell you because I was being a bitch. I feel better about that.”
    “Sure.”
    “You can’t tell anyone though, please.”
    “I promise. But you should let Daisy in on it. She’ll just figure it out anyway.”
    “Yeah. Now come on, let’s finish the race,” Bobbi said as she began to run again. Jemma took a deep breath before running again, her feet feeling like they might fall off.
    It was dark when they made it to the finish line. Jemma looked like she wanted to pass out as she leaned on Bobbi for support. The blowup arch at the finish line was having the air let out of it as they turned the corner but Jemma could hear cheers coming from under the arch. Hunter, Mack, and Fitz were holding up the arch to let them run under it as it tried to sink to the floor while Daisy did a cheer with pantomimed pom poms. Will, who had finished a half hour before, had been called to work with an emergency but had written a sticky note to Jemma with a smiley face and a heart. After they crossed the finish line, Bobbi went and hugged Hunter, wrapping her arms around his neck while Mack thanked the man packing up the arch for waiting, handing him a ten dollar bill.
    “Winner,” Fitz laughed as Jemma collapsed on the ground. She half-heartedly hit his shins with her fist. Fitz bent down and lifted Jemma up. She spun around, her legs almost giving out again as she clung onto Fitz’s neck. 
    “It was all uphill.”
    “That might be an overstatement, Simmons.”
    “I didn’t see you run it, Dr. Fitzy.”
    He smiled before helping her walk back to the car, her legs slowly becoming mush with every step. Daisy made her way over to Fitz and Jemma, sticking the note Will left to Jemma’s forehead before getting in the car. Fitz opened the door for Jemma but she turned to face him before she got in.
    “I’m sorry about Ophelia, Fitz,” she said, her chin pointed up so she could see past the sticky note.
    “That’s okay. It’s all for the better really.”
    “Absolutely. Now I’m going to pass out in the back of this car.”
    “Sounds good,” he laughed, shutting the door behind her.
    And they drove back home just as it started to rain.



The Game




    
The boys were going out. After the chaos that had been the truth circle, the days without Jemma, and the introduction of Will, everyone felt somewhat off-kilter or, at the very least, stressed. To remedy it, Hunter declared a night on the town, thus why the trio stood before the bathroom mirrors, chatting away happily as they got ready to go.


    
“I promise you, gents, this is just what we need. As I am a committed man, I will act as your wingman. Now I know it was just supposed to be a guy’s night out so don’t be upset, but I invited Bobbi and she’s meeting us there.”


    
“Why would we be upset?” Fitz asked as he combed his hair.


    
“Yeah, we actually tried to trade you for Bobbi but she said it was better if you came along,” Mack laughed.


    
“Ha ha. Very charming. Guess I won’t be buying for you two chumps anymore.”


    
Fitz rolled his eyes and put on cologne while Mack patted Hunter on the shoulder. 


    
“Hi you three, you all look nice,” Jemma said, appearing in the doorway. “Fitz, is it alright if I borrow your 

Harry Potter 

DVD’s? Turns out Will hasn’t seen a single one, which is absolutely ridiculous, so I’m making him watch them tonight.”


    
“Yeah, sure. They should still be where you put them after our marathon.”


    
“Thank you. Have fun tonight guys!” She squeezed Fitz’s shoulder as she left, her hair flying behind her in a lavender scented wave. Fitz watched as she disappeared down the hall, the toothpaste he was about to use still hovering in the air before a pair of hands clapped in front of his face. He snapped his eyes to Hunter, looking away when he noticed the sad sympathy written in his friend’s eyes.


    
“I’m ready to go,” Fitz said suddenly, placing the toothpaste down on the sink and exiting the bathroom.


    
“Guys night out,” Mack deadpanned as he too left the bathroom, leaving Hunter standing alone with the strange feeling that “Guys Night Out” was going to go off the rails faster than usual.


-0-0-0-0-0-0-


    
“I’m so sorry, Jemma. I’m trying to get out of it but it might be a while.”


    
Jemma paced back and forth in her room, her phone to her ear. Will was supposed to have been on his way over but had called to inform her that he was being forced to work late, causing something to twinge in her chest.


    “That’s okay,” she said, feigning cheer as she sat down on the edge of her bed, “I’ll find something to do. Just get your work done and come over when you can.” She hung up the phone and sighed, her chin dropping to her chest. Yes, she was disappointed their date had been canceled, but now she also faced the issue of being completely alone with nothing to do, her mind filled with a strange emotion she couldn’t place. Daisy was on a date with some guy she had met at a spa retreat for work, some handsome male model named Lincoln, and everyone else was out at The Playground. She considered meeting them there but they had been so excited about “Guys Night Out” that she felt like she would be intruding. She considered calling Bobbi, only to remember that Bobbi was at the bar most likely making out with Hunter. She smiled at the image of Fitz’s and Mack’s faces as they watched their friends disappear to a secluded corner, a brilliant concoction of annoyance, confusion, and nausea. Her smile slipped off her face. The last thing they needed was one another intrusion.


    After flicking through television channels, gin and tonic in hand, for far too long as well as spending another twenty minutes absorbing very little of her book, Jemma began to go ever so slightly stir crazy. She started inventing strange games to keep herself occupied, bouncing a tennis ball against the wall, seeing if she could land cotton balls in Hunter’s 

Douchebag Jar. 

She even gave her Nobel Prize acceptance speech to a crowd of one, the single audience member she had created from Fitz’s black hoodie and a melon she had drawn his face on. As boredom continued to seep through the walls, she started to play 

Run and Slide

, a game that was actually invented by Daisy when they were younger. The game was easy and childishly fun, exactly what Jemma needed after weeks of upsetting adulthood problems and feelings. The premise of the game was in the title, simply being who could slide the farthest on their stomach using a blanket and a running start. She and Daisy used to pretend it was an Olympic sport, Daisy for the U.S. and Jemma for the U.K, numbers safety-pinned to their chests. As she slid in front of the front door, her farthest distance yet, she could almost hear the voice of Daisy’s dad declaring that she had won gold, his face beaming behind his glasses as he smiled his signature Mr. Coulson smile. A strange scratching noise broke her reverie, causing her to jump up from the floor. She suddenly became acutely aware of how alone she was as she backed away from the scratching sound. It was strange how sharp one’s senses become when left alone, every noise louder and more dangerous, every shadow a possible enemy. 


    Jemma shouted multiple times back at the scratching. She wasn’t anywhere near drunk but she was rather giggly, the giggly state quickly and easily turning to a kind of paranoia. Inside her fort of pillows, wow she had really been bored, she tried calling Will, only remembering he was busy after leaving her fourth message. She texted Daisy to no avail leaving her with only one option. She sighed loudly before scrolling through her phone. She really didn’t want to ruin “Guys Night Out” but after the scratching returned for the fourth time causing her to jump out of her skin, she called the most trusted number she knew.



    
The girl he was talking to was pretty with large eyes and a charming smile. She looked up through her lashes when she talked and she had a habit of picking at the sleeves of her flower patterned dress. 


    
“She has Disney princess eyes,” Hunter commented quietly to the group. They were sitting at a respectable distance away, but still close enough to spy. 


    
“How’s he doing?” Mack asked as he plopped down on the stool next to Bobbi and Hunter, sliding their beers in front of them before taking a sip from his own. He looked at Fitz before noticing a woman glancing at him while she talked with her friends. He could swear he had seen her before but didn’t know where. She caught him looking at her and smiled shyly, her brown eyes glancing down before returning back to her friends. Mack smiled back dumbly like he’d been put in a trance.


    
“He’s doing alright, I think,” Bobbi said, causing Mack to jump and return to the conversation. Bobbi leaned forward so as to see Fitz better, one of the bartenders having walked in front of her line of sight, “He made her laugh which is good.”


    
Hunter looked at the girl in the flower dress closely. “She kind of scares me. I think it's the eyes, or maybe the way she talks. It’s like she peers into your soul and dangles your secrets before you.”


    
Bobbi looked at her boyfriend with narrowed eyes before turning to look at Mack and share in the ridiculousness of what he was saying. To her surprise, Mack didn’t even appear to be listening to them, his eyes drifting just to the left of the girl Fitz was talking to. Following his line of sight, she landed upon a woman with dark eyes and strong cheekbones, her brown hair in Dutch braids accentuating her features. Bobbi looked into Mack’s face and could almost hear his mind whirring and his heart thumping as his eyes focused on the woman.


    
“Mack,” Bobbi said, touching his arm.


    
“Huh,” he replied, his eyes snapping to Bobbi before slowly drifting back to the other side of the bar.


    “Talk to her,” Bobbi urged, nodding at the woman who was now looking directly at him. 


    
“Nah, out of my league.”


    Hunter nearly spat out his beer. “Uh, have you seen yourself, mate. You do realize you look like you could lift a truck. Just go bloody talk to her.”


    “I think I know her from somewhere but I can’t remember where from.”


    “So?”


    “I can’t go over there until I remember where I know her from or I’ll end up sounding like an idiot. Besides, right now we’re focused on Fitz.” He turned back to look at Fitz while Bobbi rolled her eyes to Hunter, making him smile before taking another swig of beer. 


    “Sure,” Bobbi said slowly.


    “What was her name again?” Mack asked, directing the conversation back to the woman Fitz was talking to. “I remember her saying it before she and Fitz went over there.”


    
“Riley,” Hunter replied, slamming down his empty beer bottle.


    
“Raina,” Bobbi corrected.


    
“Yeah, that.”


    
After a minute, Hunter and Bobbi began talking about something but Mack couldn’t decipher what. In all honesty, his mind was far away from where he sat, his thoughts floating to the woman across the bar. Catching his eyes on her again, she stood up, her friends giggling as she made her way over to him. He watched her cut around barstools and patrons, his eyes tracing her path. She walked around the large crescent-shaped bar leading him to turn around on his stool as she landed in front of him. Bobbi and Hunter looked between Mack and the woman, turning to look back at each other. Bobbi flashed a grin before she grabbed Hunter by the arm and pulled him further down the bar.


    
“Hi,” Mack said, his tongue suddenly feeling too big for his mouth.


    
“Elena,” the woman said, sitting down next to him. He looked at her, blinking. “This is the part where you say your name and offer to buy me a drink.”


    
“Mack,” he spluttered, making her smile. 


    
“Hi, Mack.” She looked at him expectantly and he jumped.


    
“Can I buy you a drink?”


    
“I’d love one.”



    
They had been at the bar awhile. Bobbi and Hunter sat in a secluded corner that still had a sightline to the bar. Mack was flirting pleasantly with the woman he had met and Fitz continued to talk to Raina, her eyes roaming his face more than she spoke to him, making him slightly uncomfortable.


    
Mack was enjoying his conversation with Elena. She was funny and confident with an effortless charisma that made conversations flow easily like a lazy river.


    “So, where are you from?” Mack asked. They sat facing each other, their knees absentmindedly getting closer as they talked. 


    
“Columbia, but I bounce around a lot now. Well more like back and forth.”


    
“Like a yoyo.”


    
“Yeah,” Elena replied, her smile lighting up her eyes, “But I’m trying to settle here. Actually training to be a police officer.”


    
Suddenly it clicked in Mack’s brain. “That’s where I know you from! I’m currently working on joining the police force.”


    
Relief flooded her face as recognition took hold, “I’ve been trying to figure out how I knew you this whole time.”


    
His face faltered slightly, believing that perhaps she had just been trying to work out where she knew him from, and she quickly noticed it. “Actually,” she said looking down into her drink, “I first noticed you because you were handsome and I liked it when you smiled at me.” She looked back up into his face boldly before reaching for his hand. He laughed lightly and she smiled at him before continuing the conversation, her hand still resting on his, their knees touching.


    
As Hunter went to grab some sort of food from the bar, Bobbi continued to spy on her friends. Mack was having a deep conversation with the woman at the bar and Bobbi beamed at the way his eyes lit up when the woman laughed. Fitz was smiling at whatever Raina was saying but Bobbi noticed it didn’t quite reach his eyes. Raina, however, didn’t. She was leaning in close to him, her hand inching towards his arm that was rested on the bar, looking at him through her lashes in what was quickly becoming a characteristic manner. Just as she was about to touch him, he sat up quickly and began rummaging in his pockets. He tilted his head slightly and said something Bobbi couldn’t hear before putting his cell phone to his ear.


    
“Is he answering a phone call?” Hunter asked, exasperated, as he sat down next to Bobbi with their food. “Oh, mate. Not a good move.”


    
Raina looked away from Fitz, taking an obvious breath and rolling her eyes. Fitz held up his pointer finger and tilted his head again with an apologetic look. She tapped her fingers on the bar while Fitz talked animatedly with whoever was on the other end of the call.


Bobbi grabbed Hunter’s arm. “She’s getting up.” 


    
“And he’s lost her,” Hunter said, leaning back as Raina slid down from her stool.


    
“Who will peer into his soul now?” Bobbi sighed sarcastically.


    
Bobbi, unlike Hunter, wasn’t surprised to see that Fitz didn’t look too upset by Raina leaving, knowing for certain that his smile hadn’t reached his eyes. She really was rather good at reading people. Fitz hung up the phone and made his way back over to them.


    
“What the hell, mate! You answered your phone!”


    
“It was Jemma.”


    
“So, she’d understand if you didn’t pick up. She knows it’s Guys Night Out.”


    
“Exactly, she wouldn’t intrude unless it was important. Speaking of which, let’s get Mack and pay. We’ve got to go.”


    
“What?”


    
“She said she needed help. Something about a scratching at the door.”


    
“I thought she was with Will tonight,” Bobbi said, standing up from the table and slinging her purse over her shoulder.


    
“He had to cancel. Come on.”


    
“But Guys Night Out,” Hunter exclaimed as he stood up, staring on as Fitz paid and began walking over to where Mack sat at the bar. Hunter raised his arms in frustration, his hands slapping the sides of legs of his legs as he swung them down. Bobbi linked her arm in his and he sighed before they made their way to the exit.


    
Fitz stood between Mack and the woman he was talking to, smacking Mack’s arm lightly to get his attention. 


    
“Hey, Mack.”


    
“Hey, Turbo. Elena this is my friend and roommate Fitz.”


    
Elena turned to Fitz kindly, “Hi.”


    
“Hi, nice to meet you,” Fitz nodded in her direction, giving her a welcoming smile before turning to Mack. “Jemma called. Apparently, someone keeps scratching at the door or something. She was rather distressed by it so we’re heading back to the loft.”


    
“Oh.” Mack looked at Elena and back at Fitz. 


    Sensing his friend’s hesitation, Fitz turned to Elena, “You’re welcome to join us. We just have to go save our roommate from an invisible scratching monster. Don’t look at me, those were Jemma’s words.”


    Elena laughed before shrugging her shoulders and smiling at Mack, “Sounds like it would be fun. I’d love t--” She was cut off by a shout coming from Hunter, swinging his keys on his finger before chucking them at Fitz.


    “Are we going or what?”



    
Hearing voices out in the hall, Jemma poked her head out of her pillow fort. She could hear footsteps getting closer to the door before it swung open. Fitz still had his hand on the doorknob when Jemma came sprinting over to him, wrapping her arms around his neck. 


    
“Bloody hell, Jem. Nice to see you too. Wait… is that a fort?”


    
“You guys can never leave me home alone again.” 


    “Elena, this is our roommate, Jemma,” Mack said, peeling Jemma off of Fitz.


    “Oh, hi! I’m Jemma. Welcome to our home.”


    
“Nice to meet you.” Elena couldn’t help but smile at the obvious closeness of the roommates but she had to admit that they all were fairly strange.


    
“And they have three Ph.D.’s between the two of them,” Hunter whispered to Elena as they all sat down in the living room, gesturing over to where Fitz was pulling Jemma into her room.


    
“Are they together?”


    
Hunter made “you’d think” face before shaking his head and collapsing onto the couch next to Bobbi. 


    
“It was a scratching noise, Fitz.” Jemma crossed her arms stubbornly as Fitz shook his head.


    
“It was probably just the pipes Jemma. We have old pipes. Why don’t you listen during pipe talk.”


    
“Fitz, I’m the only one who listens during pipe talk and I know it wasn’t the pipes.”


    
“Are you sure because-- Jemma, what is that? Did you steal my hoodie to make this? And did you draw my face on a melon?”


    
“What else was I supposed to I draw your face on?”


    
“Nothing! Why are you drawing my face on anything?”


    
“I was accepting a Nobel Prize.”


    “For drawing my face?”


    “For Chemistry.”


    “Are you drunk,” Fitz laughed, placing his hand on her arm and looking into her eyes. Her eyes looked pretty focused to him.


    “No, I’m not drunk. I was bored. Normally when I’m bored I dive into science but I sort of lost my mind instead. Don’t laugh at me.”


    “I’m not laughing. I just think it’s funny.”


    “Fitz.”


    “Sorry,” he said, walking out of her room to where everyone else was sitting and chatting. Jemma followed him and they entered the conversation in the living room.


    “So the game has… no rules,” Elena was saying, looking at Mack questioningly.


    “It has rules. They just aren’t written down.”


    “What are we talking about?” Jemma asked, coming to stand by Fitz.


    “We were just explaining to Elena and Bobbi what 

True American

 was.”


    “Aren’t the majority of people in this house British?” Elena asked, surveying the group.


    “Yes, but Mack got to name it because he won the first time we ever played it.”


    “It was decreed--”


    “Don’t start this st--,” Fitz started, pointing.


    “As I stood upon the table, drunk on the finest of cheap beers, and watched as Hunter waved the white v-neck of surrender, I knew that I had just created something beautiful.”


    “

We

 created something beautiful and I still don’t think that just because you were the least drunk means that you won,” Fitz insisted as Jemma laughed.


    “I won fair and square and Hunter surrendered.”


    “But I had never surrendered.” 


    “You passed out on the couch, that counts as a surrender in the code of 

True American

.”


    “How do you know? The code isn’t written,” Elena smirked, taking the beer Hunter handed her.


    Before Mack could retort she continued.“I’d like to play,” she said, opening the can of beer in her hand with a pop-shh sound. 


 
   
“Very well then.” Mack stood up and Hunter passed out the rest of the beers. He, Hunter, Fitz, and Jemma all raised the cans in the air and Bobbi and Elena followed suit.


    
“No cabinets,” Fitz shouted as he stood on the coffee table. Hunter groaned, one of his feet on the couch.


    
“No cabinets, Hunter.”


    
“Why are you all getting on the furniture?” Elena asked.


    
“The floor is lava,” Mack replied simply as he stood on the chair.


    
She smirked. “Right, of course. I should have read it in the rules. Wait…”


    
“Ha ha.”


    
And with a countdown and shouts of “JFK!” “FDR!” they were off.



    
The lights went up in the theater and Daisy smiled at the man sitting next to her. He was strong-jawed and handsome, his blonde hair glowing in the warm theater lighting.


    
“What did you think of the movie?” He leaned down to grab the popcorn as she stood up.


    
“I liked it a lot,” Daisy replied, handing him his drink as he stood up tall, “It’s always nice to see horror movies treated as an art form.”


    
He smiled at her and her heart fluttered causing her to blush. “I’m kind of a movie nerd. Though, to be honest, horror movies actually kind of get to me.”


    
“Really?” He looked at her surprised as they walked out of the theater.


    
“Yeah. One time my friend, Fitz, made me watch Paranormal. Freaked me out for days and he wouldn’t let me live it down. It was not fair though because he’d already seen it and still screamed so loud he got a complaint from his neighbor and woke up his roommates. Jemma was not pleased.” 


    They laughed together and Daisy pulled her phone out of her purse. She had felt it buzz in her bag during the movie but had waited to answer it. She looked down at the screen and swore.


    “Is everything alright?”


    “Yeah, my friend just texted me seventeen times. She said she’s alone in her apartment and something keeps scratching at the door. I’m so sorry, I have to go check and make sure she’s okay.”


    “Yeah, that’s no big deal. I had a really nice time with you tonight, Daisy.”


    “Well, you could come with me.”


    “I don’t want to be a bother or anything--”


    “You won’t be. I promise.”


 

    The train was off the tracks and “Guys Night Out” had plummeted into 

True American 

chaos. Hunter was marooned, shirtless, on the coffee table brokering peace deals with Bobbi who presided over the Unified Kitchen Chair Islands. His shirt had been a payment as part of one of their earlier treaties. Meanwhile, Mack and Elena sat facing Fitz and Jemma on the kitchen table. Fitz, who had also run into trouble with Bobbi’s colonies, was down to his white undershirt and boxers while Jemma had somehow acquired a tutu from someone at some point and was wearing it along with a plastic tiara. At some point Jemma had become the Queen of England, otherwise known as the couch, and had taxed Mack, taking his watch. This resulted in him declaring the kitchen table an independent colony and chucking boxes of tea at Fitz and Jemma. Jemma had sent Fitz to the table to deal with Mack but ultimately had to come over herself when Fitz called for help from across the main room, tea bags shoved down his shirt. 


    The final battle of the revolution came down to a four-way rock paper scissors with special rules. Apparently, the special rules had been decreed by Hunter during the fourth annual playing of 

True American 

in an attempt to win the affections of a girl. They stated that during a revolution, which needed at least four people to be considered a revolution, hence why Elena had been recruited, each person involved had to either play rock, paper, scissors, or shoot (which was finger guns) since there were four of them, and if two people ended up matching they would be locked behind the sliding hallway door, otherwise known as the iron curtain, until they kissed, and not just a peck according to the rules. If no one matched than the war would continue until someone surrendered. It really made very little sense and was one of many possible battle scenarios.


    
Hunter stood on the coffee table to see the unfolding of the revolution while Bobbi, who had made her way over there, sat at his feet and leaned against his leg, her eyes drooping slightly. The four people on the table sat in a circle cross-legged, their faces determined. Mack whispered in Elena’s ear to play rock but Fitz yelped right as he did so after Jemma pinched him. She had been right in doing so as he had attempted to take one of the ceremonial pretzels which would have meant immediate defeat for their side. So, Elena had no idea what to play. They placed their palms in the middle and counted down with a chant of “rock, paper, scissors, shoot.” 


    The room froze as they looked down at the center of their circle. A rock, scissors, and two paper. Hunter audibly gasped causing Bobbi to clamber up to her feet to see. Mack and Elena looked at each other before turning to their rival pair. Fitz and Jemma stared dumbfounded at their hands, both flat palm to palm. Hunter began to nervously laugh, the alcohol clouding his brain just a bit, and Mack nodded as Hunter called for them to go behind the iron curtain. It was just a game after all.


    The door slid shut with a definite thud as a chant of “kiss, kiss, kiss” began to grow louder and louder just beyond the metal sheet. Fitz began banging against the door as Jemma began to pace. 


    “Will you stop that, it’s not helping,” Jemma said matter of factly.


    “Oh, I’m sorry. I was just trying to get us out of this mess.”


    “You got us into this mess not being able to handle Mack’s revolution on your own.”


    “He had the entire kitchen allied-- what the bloody hell are we arguing about?”


    “I have no idea.”


    Moments passed and Jemma and Fitz were silent, unable to look each other in the eye. At one point they lied and claimed to the other side of the door that they had done it but no one was buying it so they remained stuck on the other side of the iron curtain.


    Those on the other side continued their chanting until the front door swung open and they froze. Daisy stood with her hand on the doorknob, Lincoln standing behind her and staring on confused at the scene before him.


    “Uh… What the hell are you guys doing? Where’s Jemma? And why is Hunter not wearing a shirt? Oh, you’re new! Hi, I’m Daisy!”


    “Elena.”


    “Lincoln,” Daisy said pointing behind her shoulder and there was a chorus of, “Hi, Lincoln.” 


    “We’re playing 

True American 

and Jemma and Fitz are currently behind the iron curtain and they will be there until they kiss,” Hunter said, his voice growing louder at the last part.


    Daisy shrugged and shut the door, joining everyone to sit in front of the iron curtain. Lincoln looked to the sliding door and back to Daisy before sitting down.


    “These are my friends and yes they are always like this.”


    Lincoln smiled. “Cool.”


    Daisy reflected his smile as she caught Bobbi mouth the word “nice” at her. “I know,” she mouthed back, grinning.


    On the other side of the door, Fitz and Jemma slid down the metal sheet to the floor, their backs resting against it. Fitz stretched his legs out straight in front of him, leaning his head back with a thud. Jemma sat cross-legged, her folded knee falling over Fitz’s thigh, their shoulders touching. 

Well, this is just great

, they both thought simultaneously, completely unaware of just how painful it was for the other. Fitz hit his head against the door once more and Jemma glared, her frustration slowly building before melting away at the sight of Fitz, his head against the door and his eyes closed.


   “You don’t want to kiss me so bad that you’re hitting your head against a metal door. Am I really that awful?” Jemma teased, trying to break the tension, looking at him without turning her head.


    He jumped, his head snapping to look at her, his mouth open slightly. “No. No, you’re wonderful. I just--”


    “I was kidding, Fitz.” She looked straight ahead, her cheeks blushing. “You’re not too bad yourself,” she muttered, analyzing her fingernails.


    He scratched his nose.“Thanks.” His hand fell and landed on her knee causing him to pause in fear. To his surprise, Jemma just looked at him, her eyes soft and deep. They stared at each other, blue eyes fiercely meeting brown. Was she getting closer? Was he tilting his head? They must be imagining it… 


    Bang! They jumped apart and clambered to their feet as a fist banged on the other side of the door.


    “Jemma? You there? I got off work and heard your messages. You okay?”


    “Will! Yes, yes. I’m fine. Thank you for checking on me.”


    “Yeah, of course, you’re my girlfriend. What are you doing back there?  Your roommates said it was part of a game but what exactly do you have to do that requires being behind a door?”


    Fitz felt like ramming his head against the door again as his cheeks burned crimson. To his relief, Jemma seemed to be sharing in his embarrassment.


    “Uh…”


    Luckily, Hunter began explaining the situation and how the game was going, the words slurring at some points which only made Fitz want to hit his head more. To his and Jemma’s surprise, Will began to laugh. Hunter offered him a beer and he joined the new vigorous chorus of “kiss, kiss, kiss!”


    “All right, that’s it.” Jemma got to her feet and stood in front of Fitz. “Stand up.” 


    “What?”


    “Come on now, stand up.” When he stared at her with his mouth open, she flicked her head to indicate he should stand and kicked his outstretched leg. He followed her orders reluctantly and stood, not realizing how close he was, and ending up nose to nose with her. His heart began to beat and he was suddenly filled with indignant frustration.


    “Let’s get this over with.”


    “Let’s get this over with? Filling me with confidence, Simmons.”


    “Come on, Fitz! Just kiss me.” She flicked her hair out of her face and threw back her shoulders. 


    “Jemma--”


    “Bloody hell, Fitz! Will you just kiss me.”


    “I’m not going to kiss you, Simmons.”


    “Fitz! Just--”


    “No! Not like this!”


    The world stopped and Jemma’s face twitched with confusion while Fitz’s filled with fear.


    “What… what do you mean ‘not like this’?” Jemma’s voice was barely above a whisper but somehow, with their faces so close, Fitz heard her clearly over the chanting.


    “I didn’t--I just-- I meant-- I didn’t mean-- It’s just-- you know, like-- I meant--” His eyes bugged out and he felt his fight or flight instinct kick in, his body urging him to run as Jemma’s eyes widened at him. Her heart began hammering against her chest as her brain tried to take in what he possibly could have meant by that.  


    “I have to go,” he blurted, pushing past her into her room. 


    “Fitz! What are you doing! Why are you opening the window!”


    “I just need some air,” he said, pushing his melon-headed replica out of the way.


    “Fitz! You don’t have to kiss me! What are you doing!”


    Fitz had one leg out the window and solidly on the ledge. Jemma ran towards him as he put his other foot out the window as well before standing up, his body completely on the other side of the glass. He began shimming to the main room’s window, tapping on the glass, turning the chanting into shouts and yelps of fear. Mack rushed to open the window as Hunter collapsed to the ground with drunken shock. The train hadn’t just gone off the rails, it had crashed and burned.



    
Mack, Hunter, and Fitz sat around the kitchen table, Fitz at the apex of their triangle. 


    
“What the bloody hell, mate. Never do that again. Leave the stupid reckless stuff to me, will you? Nearly gave me a heart attack!”


    
“Sorry.”


    
“We could have just opened the door you know,” Mack added.


    
“Well, you see that would have been a rational idea. Why didn’t I think of it? Right, because I wasn’t thinking rationally.”


    
“That’s an understatement.”


    
Hunter stood and smacked Fitz on the back causing Fitz to grimace. Hunter made his way to his room where Bobbi stood in the doorway.


    “Night, Turbo.” Mack slapped his hands lightly on the edge of the table before standing up as well. He walked over to Elena and wrapped his arm around her shoulders as they walked together back to his room. They paused and Elena turned back, smiling at Fitz warmly before waving him goodnight. He waved and smiled back, watching them leave, before he turned back to the table and thumped his head down with just a tad too much force. This night was just bloody fantastic. As he lifted his head and made his way to his room, he was stopped by a tall figure in front of him. Will seemed a bit tipsy, leaning on Jemma, who he had his arm around, just slightly too much to be considered sober.


    “That was hilarious,” Will laughed, looking at Jemma for conformation but finding little, “I mean he jumps out the window and crawls across a ledge just to avoid kissing you. Can you believe that?”


    “Right, what an idiot,” Fitz laughed half-heartedly. Jemma was looking at him and the more she looked the more his heart sank.


    “Well,” Will said, looking at Jemma, “he’s missing out.” She laughed a sort of hum laugh, tipping her face up to Will’s. He kissed her and Fitz stared pointedly at the floor, his heart sinking to the pit of his stomach.


    “Goodnight, man.”


    “Yeah, ‘night.”


    Crash and burn.



    
Will was asleep next to her when she heard the scratching. Flinging the covers off, she silently made her way out into the hallway, gently shutting her door behind her. She could see a light on in Fitz’s room so she softly whispered yelled his name.


    
“Fitz! The scratching’s back!”


    
He walked out of his room rubbing his eyes, his hair ruffled from tossing and turning. Somewhere in the back of her mind, far away from the scratching sound, Jemma registered that he looked rather handsome in his pajama pants and ruffled state.


    
“I’m coming. I’m coming. Is that Hunter’s lightsaber?”


    
“Yes. I stole it when I was home alone.”


    
“Okay. Now put the lightsaber down, I’ll take care of it.” Fitz strode to the door and turned the handle. When he opened the door a large dog jumped up on him, knocking him back a step. The owner wasn’t far behind, pulling the dog off of Fitz, apologizing profusely. Finding it far too late in the night or early in the morning, Fitz couldn’t tell, to be dealing with neighbors and dogs, Fitz accepted the apology and shut the door, locking it. 


    When he turned around he found Jemma giggling, her eyes bright in the single light that was on in the hallway.


    “Who walks their dog at three in the morning?” Jemma laughed as she and Fitz walked back to their rooms, their shoulders brushing.


    “I have no clue.” They laughed together, the kind of breathy laughs that are meant to fill space, to prolong time. They stopped and faced one another, their quiet laughs filling the space between them and their backs to their respective doors. For some reason, Jemma’s heart was pounding.


    “I told you it wasn’t the pipes. Well goodnight, Fitz,” she said, smiling lightly and tapping his arm, her hand closing the distance between them.


    “Goodnight.” As she turned to go, Fitz gently grabbed her arm and she instinctively turned to face him. His lips met hers, one of his hands cupping the back of her head before falling around her waist as she flung her arms around his neck, responding to and deepening the kiss. She turned her head the other direction, her tongue swiping his lip as his fingers traveled up and down her sides. They parted slightly for air before finding each other again, her hands sliding to his shoulders and down his arms that were wrapped around her waist as they breathed each other in. Their foreheads touched, softly breaking the kiss. Fitz captured her lips with his once more and she kissed him back as if she feared she would never get to again. He lifted his face away from hers but she could still feel him breathe, their bodies flush against one another and their eyes locked.


    “I meant something like that.”




The Leap of Faith
Chapter Notes
Guess who had some writers block? This gal! But now I'm back and writing again so yay! Thank you for keeping up with this story, all your lovely comments have brightened my days. I hope you enjoy this chapter!



    He’d kissed her. No, he hasn’t just kissed her; he had kissed her like that, strong and gentle, passionately sweet. Just the way a girl wants to be kissed. Jemma laid facing her door, her fingers gently brushing over her lips in an almost dazed way as she tried to process what had happened. Closing her eyes she could see it all again, the smile on his face while she said goodnight, the way he gently caught her arm, the deep look in his eyes when they parted. The solid thud of his door when he had gone back to his room, leaving her in the hallway to wonder what the hell had happened. 
    She had laid back in her bed, trying to shut her eyes and sleep to no avail. She had woken up every hour, eyes flying open and feet daring her to run across the hall, fling his door open, and… she didn’t know. What the hell was she supposed to do now? It was Fitz! Her Fitz, whom she loved more than anything if she was being honest. Fitz who would drop everything for her, who would cross the universe for her if he had to, who made her smile and laugh and feel listened to. But the weight that was occupying the other side of her bed was a forceful reminder that what had happened had consequences and Will was something she had to face. 
    She liked Will, a lot. He was a comfort when she needed it and he did care for her. Was she just supposed to say, “Oh I’m sorry, Fitz kissed me last night and I’m taking that as a sign that he loves me and so I’m just going to have to drop you. Thanks for everything!” At the thought she slammed her face into her pillow, the sun beginning to creep across her bedspread and towards her face as morning inched its way into day. She knew what she wanted to do and who she wanted to be with, but Jemma Simmons had never been very good at confronting feelings. She was terrified of hurting Will, admitting to him what she and Fitz had done, but there was very little chance of him hurting her. Yet her fear did not solely lie in what she would have to say to Will but also in what she would have to face after. She would have to take a leap of faith, put herself on the line, and face her fear: Fitz. Her feelings for Fitz were a terrifying thing to face not only because they existed at all, but because she loved him, giving him all the power to break her heart. 
    Jemma lifted her head from her pillow and looked back at her closed door. Despite the door’s solidity, she imagined she could almost see Fitz on the other side, his hair all messy and his blue eyes sparkling as he greeted her as he always did in the morning, his presence always a warm comfort when she felt as she did now, nervous and tired. Her breath hitched, catching in her throat as her mind cleared. Even then, with a million things stirring in her head as she stared at the wooden door, she just wanted to be in the soothing presence of Fitz. Yes, he had all the power to break her heart but he never would. And that made all the difference in her love for him, in her desire to be with him. He would never hurt her. He was a risk but one worth taking. 
    Just as she made to get up and brave the hallway, Jemma was caught by the weight of Will’s arm as he draped it over her midriff like a zombie reaching up from the grave, threatening to pull her down. Right. That. She could hear him stirring and acted accordingly, laying back down and pretending to yawn awake. 
    “Morning,” Will whispered, his eyes still closed. He yawned loudly before rolling over to his side of the bed, swinging his legs to the floor before standing up.
    Jemma smiled at him as best as she could, still utterly confused as to how to face the situation. How would he react? Would he yell? Oh God, what would he do to Fitz? Jemma registered that Will was talking but far too late to comprehend what he was saying. By the time she pieced together that he was leaving for work, he was already dressed, opening the door, and saying goodbye, leaving Jemma to sit on the bed and contemplate a list of what to do next. 
    After getting dressed, taking as long as she possibly could, she finally opened her bedroom door and collided directly into Fitz. Even with being startled, he still managed to catch her before she fell from the force of the impact, his hands lightly holding onto her waist. After making sure she was steady he quickly dropped his hands, setting them at his side as his face blushed pink.
    “Uh, Jemma, about last night-- I’m really sorry I--”
    “Fitz I wanted--”
    “Oh sorry--”
    “Sorry-- No you go.” 
    They both began to blush, neither able to make eye contact, until Fitz stood up tall and began to speak.
    “Jemma, I’m really sorry about what happened last night. I shouldn’t have done it. I was an idiot, a complete idiot. You’re with Will and I could have completely fucked it up for you and there’s no way for me to make it better. It’s my fault, all of it. I’m sorry.”
    She blinked at him trying to take in what he had said as her brain began to whirr. He swallowed, his eyes darting to the floor. He put his hands in his pockets before timidly looking at her again.
    “You wanted to say something?”
    She had wanted to say something but nothing seemed right after what he had just said. She felt like all her insides had folded in on themselves like a house of cards, toppling emotions on top of one another until the majority of them ended up face down and unreadable. She looked into his eyes, her mouth slightly open, but she couldn’t spit out any words. He nodded, biting his lip as if he was holding something back as well. He took one of his hands out of its pocket, bringing it up to his ear in a nervous gesture.
    “Guess I pretty much covered it.”
    And with that he escaped back into his room, once again leaving her in the hall to wonder what the hell just happened.
    Slowly coming back to her senses, Jemma felt that if she stayed where she was standing any longer she was going to lose her mind. She had to talk to someone, a friend, a sister. She needed to talk to Daisy. Racing out the door and to her car, Jemma began to formulate every little thing she wanted to rant about, as one did when something of great importance occurred and needed to be processed aloud. The entire drive to Daisy’s was filled with her talking to herself, preparing her presentation. She buzzed into Daisy’s building, ran up the stairs, and knocked on Daisy’s door, all the while thinking of her speech. However, when the door flew open to reveal Daisy, rubbing the sleep from her eyes and staring quizzically at her, the speech went out of her brain with a whoosh.
    “Jemma?”
    “Fitz and I kissed.”
    “What!”
    After Daisy had recovered from the shock, she ushered her friend into the apartment, just as tears began to pool in Jemma’s eyes. 

    Not for the first time that morning, Fitz was lying on his bed facing the ceiling and trying his best to smother himself with a pillow. He had done it the first time directly after kissing Jemma and retreating to his room, catapulting himself onto his bed, applying the pillow over his face, and silently screaming before going completely still in wonder at what he had just done. After having tossed and turned for what felt like hours, every now and again slamming his face back into his pillow, he finally had drifted off into a restless sleep, only to wake up with a jolt after having relived the event in his dreams. 
    Sitting on the edge of his bed, the sun bright with morning, Fitz stared at his door, his leg bouncing with nerves. After three times of standing up, grabbing the door handle, calling himself an idiot, and sitting back down, he finally worked up the courage to go into the hallway, opening the door with far too much force and quickly striding over to Jemma’s door. He raised his fist to knock only to briefly see the door fly open before Jemma collided directly into him, causing her to lose her balance. He caught her instinctively, steadying her, just as he had done when the bathroom had become a waterpark. Seeing where his hands had landed, the same place he had held her the night before, he suppressed a yelp and dropped his hands with such purpose that they hit his sides, causing him to feel rather stupid, his face twinging pink.
    They talked over one another before he finally forced himself to say what he had rehearsed as he had tossed and turned. He hated the words as they spilled from his mouth, hated that he had to say them. That they were true. He had buggered everything up for her, acted on instinct, on desire, on love. He hadn’t been thinking, or maybe he had been, or maybe he had been thinking too much. He didn’t know. He just knew that the last thing he would ever want to do was hurt Jemma Simmons. 
    She looked at him, her mouth slightly open, her brown eyes searching his face for something. He could feel embarrassment filling up every part of his being and he tried his best to swallow it down, putting his hands in his pockets to avoid fidgeting. When she didn’t respond he bit his lip, urging himself not to take it all back, to admit how he felt, to damn Will and kiss her again. But it was impossible. He had been in the wrong. He had kissed her. He was to blame. He had pretty much covered it and, giving up on not fidgeting with a swift scratch of his ear, he told her as much before retreating to his room feeling like the bloody cosmos was playing tricks on them. 
    After a while he heard the front door close and, knowing it was most likely Jemma that had left, he left his room and quietly made his way to the kitchen. Hunter was sitting up at the counter, his forehead against the cool countertop as Mack cooked breakfast, humming and singing with such giddiness that Fitz was worried he had been possessed. 
    “Goodmorning, Turbo!” Mack said cheerily as Fitz sat down next to Hunter who was clearly nursing a hangover. 
    “Mack, if you could bring the level with which you are speaking down just a hint that would be lovely,” Hunter cringed, picking his head up from the counter with all the effort he could muster. 
    “Oh, I’m sorry. Was I being loud!”
    Hunter winced, flipping Mack off with a grimace as Mack smiled and turned back to the stove.
    “Mack’s got his mojo back. I’m mojo Mack,” he singsonged, flipping over a piece of bacon.
    “Have Bobbi and Elena left?” Fitz asked, deciding it was better to aim the question at Mack.
    “Yeah, they both left earlier this morning. Elena’s brother is coming into town and she needed to pick him up from the airport and Bobbi went to the gym.”
    After about a minute, Hunter turned his head towards Fitz while shielding his eyes from the sun that streamed through the large window, asking him a question in an attempt to tune out Mack who had begun singing again. “Heard Simmons leave. Is everything alright?”
    “About that, I need both of you to help me or give me advice or something.”
    “Just one second,” Hunter said, holding up his pointer finger to Fitz before turning to Mack, “Do you not remember my earlier complaint? My body is rebelling against me and the last thing I need is Mojo Mack.”
    “Mack’s got his mojo back.”
    “Mack I swear I will throw this pancake at you if you don’t stop.”
    Fitz began to become frustrated as Mack continued to sing and Hunter picked up a pancake from the pile on the counter and raised it slightly above his head in the most non-threatening way possible, still shielding his eyes from the sun.
    “Guys…”
    “Mack’s got his mojo back.”
    “Guys I really need--”
    “Do you want a pancake to the face, mate?”
    “Mojo Mack.”
    “I will throw this or vomit on you, whichever comes first, if you don’t bloody--”
    “Mack’s got--”
    “I kissed Jemma!”
    The two froze for a moment, Mack’s spatula hovering in midair, the only sound the thwap of Hunter’s pancake as it slipped from his hand and fell onto the countertop.
    “You… You kissed Jemma,” Mack repeated, narrowing his eyes as he took in the information.
    “Well, this is great!” Hunter said joyfully before wincing again.
    “No, not great. She has a boyfriend. Pilot hero man, remember?”
    “Ah yes, hog face. I do recall him somewhat. And if my memory serves, which I honestly don’t know if it does so Mack please confirm, he was a part of the chanting during the game when you and Simmons were behind the iron curtain was he not?” Hunter said, rubbing his temple.
    “That was during the game! I kissed her after which I don’t think he would be as accepting of!”
    “Volume, Fitz.”
    Shifting his voice to a soft worried tone, Fitz continued, “What if I just messed everything up for her.” 
    Mack turned back to the bacon on the stove, his face scrunched with thought. 
    “But you like her, Fitz. You love her, really. It’ll be alright,” Hunter said. Unable to keep his head up, he set his head back down onto the countertop uselessly leading Fitz to roll his eyes. He pulled Hunter’s water glass towards him, pulled his friend upright, and forced him to drink as he turned his attention to Mack who was still deep in thought.
    “Mack, what do I do?”
    “Well, Turbo, I guess you just come clean and be honest. That’s all that’s left. You apologize to Jemma and make sure it’s okay and understand if it’s not. I don’t really know what else to say.”
    Fitz nodded sadly while Mack placed the plate of bacon in front of him with a quiet smile. Hunter groaned, his head back in the pocket of his crossed arms.
    “I’m never drinking again,” he groaned. “That’s a damn lie I will drink again but not on this day, lads. Not on this day.”
    Mack patted the top of Hunter’s head before dropping a pancake on him and returning to his “Mojo Mack” song.

    Daisy sat patiently on the couch watching as her friend moved back and forth at a quick pace as if she were carving a chasm with her feet.
    “Jemma, you haven’t said anything since you walked through the door. Are you alright?”
    “Yes. No. I don’t know! I’m formulating my thoughts.”
    “Okay… Why don’t you just start with what happened.”
    “I told you, Fitz and I kissed.”
    Daisy rolled her eyes, heaving a deep sigh, before looking at her friend with a stern but patient stare. Continuing to pace, Jemma started from the beginning. 
    “During the game, I got sick of standing behind the door and told him to just kiss me already and then he completely knocked the wind out of me by saying that he didn’t want to kiss me like that.  Like that. Meaning he wanted something meaningful, right? Then before I knew it he was jumping out a window and I thought that was it, you know, moment crushed. But then later after everyone was asleep or had gone home, we got up because I heard the scratching at the door again. Turns out it was a dog but, honestly, who just allows their dog to wander like that nevermind walk them that early in the morning. I mean--”
    “Jemma.”
    “Right, sorry. Anyway, we were walking back to our rooms, we said goodnight, and right before I went to go he just turned me around and kissed me. And, I don’t know, I just kissed him back! I had wanted to for so long and to find out that he had wanted to as well and then like that! I just lost my head!”
    “Okay, we’ll move on to ramifications in a second but first, how was it?”
    “Daisy!”
    “It’s an important, valid question!”
    “Fine! It was… oh alright, it was amazing and I saw through time and space, but that’s not the point!”
    “Kind of the point,” Daisy mumbled humorously. At the look on Jemma’s face, she raised her hands in apology before directing Jemma to continue. 
    “This morning I was thinking of what I was going to do about Will and how I was going to approach Fitz. But before I could do anything it all got away from me. Will left before I could even try to approach the conversation and then I nearly fell on my ass after colliding directly into Fitz. And then he said all those things. And… and the look on his face, Daisy.” Jemma put her face in her hands as she spoke, dropping them to her sides with a thud before continuing, “He acted like he had done something awful and then it occurred to me that despite it being everything I wanted to have happened it had all happened out of order. Now Fitz feels like he’s wronged me and regrets it and I have no idea what to say to Will and--”
    “Jemma, stop. You’re spinning. Let’s just pull it apart, just take it step by step and emotion by emotion, okay?” 
    Jemma stopped pacing, instead standing stock still, nodding at Daisy as she did so. 
    “Okay, how did you feel when Fitz kissed you? As it was happening, how did you respond?”
    “I was happy and excited and you know…” She made a sort of ‘fill in the blank’ gesture and Daisy nodded. “It felt right like it was supposed to happen, so I kissed him back. And he was so gentle and yet so passionate and manly and strong. It was only after that I realized it meant that I had just cheated on Will and had most likely altered a friendship forever.”
    “Okay, and do you regret it? Kissing Fitz?”
    “No,” Jemma responded immediately, taking herself by surprise. She shook her head softly, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear as her eyes found the floor, “But it means that I’ve just hurt someone who cares about me. And Fitz… I think he probably regrets it. The way he was talking this morning he definitely does.” 
    Just as a dejected feeling began to fall into the pit of her stomach, Jemma was pulled out of her headspace by a shock of laughter. Looking up at her friend, Jemma saw that Daisy was laughing almost out of frustration. Jemma looked at her curiously as Daisy slowly composed herself.
    “I’m sorry but there is no way in hell that Fitz regrets kissing you. Listen I love ya, but as your friend and basically sister I’m not going to stand for bullshit right now. They only thing going through his head at this moment is fear that he has in some way upset you to the point of losing you and how he can make it better. He likes you Jemma. He likes you a lot, more than you know, really. Fitz isn’t dumb, actually very far from it, and he doesn’t just take risks for anything, even if he’s doing it subconsciously. So, all that being said, I’ve got one more question before we formulate a plan. Do you want to be with Fitz?”
    Despite her throat being tight, despite her heart trying to pound out of her chest, the answer slipped off Jemma’s tongue as if it had been trying to escape the confines of her brain for years.
    “Yes, I want to be with Fitz. More than anything.”
    “Okay! Great! Now to make my ship sail! I mean-- No, I meant what I said.”
    And with that, they began to formulate a plan.

    Setting the plans in motion was surprisingly simple. As she drove home from Daisy’s, just having texted Will to meet her at the loft when he got back from work, Jemma noticed that the act of breaking up with someone overall was a straightforward one. It was just a few words, perhaps an explanation. And yet it was the most gut-wrenching, oddly complex, conversation to try and broker. She had decided while formulating the plan that she would just have to explain it all, where her feelings landed, what had happened, and at all costs avoid the “It’s not you, it's me” cliche, even though it was exactly that. Fitz would have to come later, a completely separate even more complex and daunting conversation. It would be a day of conversations at the loft. 
    After parking her car and heading upstairs gravity seemed to be more apparent, making each movement feel somehow weightier and more important. She had stayed at Daisy’s the majority of the day, choosing to avoid Fitz until she could talk to Will, so it was early evening when she finally opened the door to the apartment. Upon opening the door she was greeted cheerfully by Mack and groaned at by Hunter, both of whom were on the couch watching television, or in Hunter’s case ignoring the television.
    “Where’s Fitz?” Jemma asked, trying her best to sound casual. Hunter groaned again but before he could respond Mack cut him off.
    “He went to go pick up some food. We ordered something for you too just in case you came back in time for dinner so you’re covered.”
    “Thanks. I just needed to talk to him about something but it’s better if it waited anyway,” Jemma shrugged.
    “About how he kissed you?” Hunter said without lifting his head from where he was on the couch. He had his arm draped over his eyes and was trying his best to shut out the world, why in the living room of all places was anyone’s guess.
    “So you two know then?” Jemma asked trying not to blush.
    “Yeah, he told us this morning. He was freaking out worrying that he’d ruined everything between the two of you.”
    “Well, he hasn’t. I just need to talk to Will and end things before talking to Fitz and then hopefully it will all work out,” Jemma said more to herself than to her two roommates. 
    “Well good because he’s over the moon for you that one is,” Hunter said groggily and Mack nodded.
    Jemma’s heart jumped to her throat, her stomach filling with butterflies.  He’s over the moon for you that one is.  So Fitz did like her. Despite it being a strange confirmation, the simple statement meant more than anything, really. It was one thing having Daisy say that Fitz liked her but it was another to have the claim accidentally corroborated by two of the people that knew Fitz best. Before she could respond, there was a knock at the front door. Will.
    Jemma turned on her heel and opened the door, letting Will inside. He waved at Mack and Hunter, Mack waving back with a tiny flick of his hand. When Hunter didn’t respond, Mack slapped his leg, causing him to jerk upward and glare indignantly at his friend. He started when he saw Will, giving him a similar wave to Mack’s. Sensing the situation, the two went to the dining table, out of the way but with a sightline to spy and support.
    Will went to sit but for some reason Jemma found it impossible to do anything but stand, her feet rooting her to where she stood by the couch. Following her lead, he stayed standing as well, his back to Mack and Hunter.
    “You okay, Jemma? Your texts sounded urgent.”
    “Did they? Well, yes, I suppose they were. There’s… There’s something I have to tell you, to say really.”
    Will looked at her quizzically, nearly causing her to lose her nerve, but taking a quick glance at Mack, who nodded supportively, and a deep breath she continued.
    “I have been thinking about us, for a while really and something happened that just put it all into focus, I guess. I’m so sorry, Will. I just… I can’t be with you.”
    She paused, trying to collect her thoughts. She could leave it at that, say goodbye and push him out the front door but she knew he deserved better than that. She looked up into his face and saw pain along with a shadow of something almost like understanding. 
    “You deserve an explanation,” she rushed as Will began to move towards the door as if he needed to take a break for a moment, but if Jemma felt that if she stopped then she would never admit to the rest of it. He stopped and turned back around to face her. With a slight movement of the hands and a tick of the face, he gestured for her to continue.
    “Last night when we were playing the game Fitz and I got sent behind the door and--”
    “I know. I was there,” Will cut in. “You were supposed to kiss and you didn’t.” She could sense he knew where the story was heading, knowing it was obvious, but she kept going.
    “I know you were there and that you knew we didn’t kiss then but we… Fitz and I, we kissed after.”
    Will shook his head, trying to grasp onto the situation as his brain processed the weight of what Jemma was saying. As if the cosmos were having a laugh, they once again ladled out some poor timing as Fitz swung open the front door. 
    “Before you ask, Hunter, yes I did get extra soy sauce this time so you don’t have to be an annoying git about it...” He shut the door with his foot and looked up, the end of his sentence trailing off as he registered what he had just walked into. 
    “Uh… Hey, Will.”
    Will huffed loudly, turning from Fitz back to Jemma.
    “You two kissed! Not part of the game, you just kissed.”
    “Will--”
    Coming full speed into the conversation, Fitz quickly stood as a defense. “It was my fault,” he cut in, putting the bag of food down on the floor and walking closer to Will, his hands up in apology. 
    “Listen, I don’t really care who’s fault it was. I just-- I just have to go. Goodbye, Jemma.”
    “Will, please! Let me explain.” For some reason, Jemma felt it was important that she explain herself, that it wasn’t just as kiss, that there was more to it than Will knew, that the stupid cliche she had been told to avoid was true, it wasn’t him it was her. Her and her feelings. But just as it had done that morning, explanation slipped through her fingers as Will pushed past Fitz to go. She felt glued to her spot unable to grasp onto what she wanted to say or what she could possibly do to save the situation. It also felt like the ending between her and Will paved the way for her and Fitz and so it needed to be paved properly. Not like this.
    Fitz registered the panic in Jemma’s face and immediately sprung into action, throwing the front door open and racing out into the hall. He heard the elevator ding shut and, acting quickly, decided to run down the large flight of stairs to the main entrance, cursing the fact they lived on the third floor as his lungs began to protest. Jumping the last stair, Fitz burst into the lobby of the apartment building just as Will was opening the large glass doors to leave.
    “Will! Will, man, wait!” Fitz jogged the last few steps as Will slowly turned around, his hand still on the push bar of the door.
    “What, Fitz?”    Fitz took a giant breath, his hand clutching at a stitch in his side. “Please don’t blame Jemma. It was all on me. I kissed her, she didn’t kiss me. I was an idiot and I-- I can’t say I was just finishing the game because that would be a lie and the last thing I can do to you of all people is lie, but I can say that it wasn’t Jemma’s fault. She’s the best person I know and she wouldn’t hurt anyone. Please, it was my fault. It meant nothing to her, really.”
    Will dropped his hand from the door and turned to face Fitz completely, “If it meant nothing to her then why did she break up with me?”
    “She what?”
    “She broke up with me about five seconds before you came through the door with Chinese food.”
    “I don’t--”
    Will sighed, his chin reaching towards the ceiling before dropping to his chest. Fitz was surprised to see a smile tugging at his lips.
    “You know despite kissing my girlfriend, ex-girlfriend I guess, you’re a good guy, Fitz. Not many guys would admit to doing what you did and actually apologize. I can see why Jemma likes you.”
    “I’m sorry. I don’t know what you mean.” Fitz stared at Will, his face contorted with incredulity.   
    “Yeah, you do.” Will brought his hand down his face, looking out the glass doors before turning back to Fitz.
    “The first day I met Jemma she was at a rundown diner obviously running from feelings there was no way in hell she could escape from. But I talked to her anyway because she was pretty and nice and I hadn’t had a person to talk to in that diner for years. Next day she’s back and we keep talking and you know what she talked about the most: you. She sprinkled you name into conversation like it was sugar and every time she said it she had this light in her eyes like she liked the way it tasted on her tongue. Her favorite word. And I went out with her anyway because I liked her. But I knew, man. I knew she loved you.”
    “I don’t… I don’t really know what--”
    “Look, Fitz, I’m pissed you kissed her but I’m also pissed that I saw it coming and perhaps the most pissed that I can’t really be mad. I knew she liked you and took the place as stand-in boyfriend anyway. Not only that but I saw the way you looked at her, the way you two talked to one another. You know the way you say her name is similar to the way she says yours so I’m guessing you can’t tell me it was part of the game because you love her and that’s why you did it, right?”
    Seeing no reason to lie, Fitz nodded and, even though he was fidgeting, his feet rocking back and forth and his hands slammed in his pockets, Fitz did Will the courtesy of looking him in the eye as he did. 
    “I’m sorry.”
    Will nodded back, his eyes drifting back to the street outside and his hand falling back on the push bar. “See ya, Fitz.”
    “Yeah.” Fitz nodded one last time, turning towards the elevator before he was stopped by Will’s call causing him to turn around slightly to face him.
    Will looked at his shoes and back at Fitz before continuing, his voice softer than before, “Fitz, don’t let her go. You two deserve each other. And I mean that and not in the bitter ex kind of way, but really mean it.”
    “Thanks, mate.”
    With one last slight tilt of the head, Will pushed the door open and disappeared into the street, just as the sun began to set. 

    Fitz forgot to close the door as he rushed down the long flight of stairs to the lobby and Jemma could hear the heavy stairwell door shut with a loud click. Mack and Hunter got up from the dining table and made their way towards Jemma, Mack wrapping Jemma up in a bear hug as Hunter picked up the bag of food Fitz had left on the floor. Mack glared at Hunter over Jemma’s shoulder leading Hunter to shrug.
    “What? It is a well-known fact that Chinese food is on the list of top ten breakup foods along with hangover cures. So, win-win.”
    Jemma detached herself from Mack and laughed lightly, wiping away a tear from her cheek. Still holding the bag of food, Hunter gently rested a hand on Jemma’s arm.
    “You alright, love?”
    “Yeah, I’m okay. Ugh, I’m being silly! I mean I broke up with him I shouldn’t be crying.”
    “Just because you broke up with him doesn’t mean that it still doesn’t bloody suck.”
    “Yeah, I guess.”
    Hunter began unpacking the takeout as Mack and Jemma sat down at the table, Jemma lost in thought. If she was being honest, the overall breakup wasn’t why she was so upset. It was that every step after it was now impossible, her perfectly mapped out plan had blown up in her face, sending her into a tailspin. Fitz was currently trying to explain to Will what had happened and was probably digging them both into a deeper hole and, yet, she couldn’t chase after him, she couldn’t go down there and try and explain or fix anything with Will. She just felt helpless and, with a horrible pang of guilt, oddly free. 
    It was a few minutes later when Fitz came through the door, an odd dazed look on his face as if he was trying to solve a math problem in his head. Ignoring the food that Hunter was laying out on the dining table, he made his way to his room, shutting the door softly. Resisting the urge to go talk to him, Jemma dug into her food but only really eating a few bites. Mack had left to see Elena while Hunter had decided to call it an early night, leaving Jemma alone on the couch watching the same episode of Doctor Who she always did after a breakup before her phone dinged. It was a text from Will and she quickly texted back a response.
   

    You didn’t have to explain. That’s why I left.  


     

       I’m so sorry. 
 
       Don’t be. Just don’t make it all for nothing. 

   

    Jemma looked at the screen, blinking away tears as courage welled up in her stomach. Rose Tyler was admitting her love to The Doctor on the television when Jemma heard a door open along with footsteps. She looked up from her phone to see Fitz walking out the front door. And with a sudden rush of emotion, her own words hit her.  Love is simple. It didn’t need to be a complex conversation, she just simply needed to ask him a question. She sprang to her feet, running out the front door just as Fitz walked into the elevator. She sprinted, catching the elevator door with her hand, sending the doors flying back apart.
    “Jemma--”
    “Would you take it back?”
    “What?”
    “The kiss. Would you take it back?”
    Fitz looked at her for a moment, his eyes scanning her anxiously determined face, before responding softly but with the same feeling as he had given his words to her the previous night.
    “No. I wouldn’t take it back.”
    Jemma took in a sharp breath. “Good. Because I wouldn’t either.”
    “Good.”
    They looked at each other, Fitz still in the elevator and Jemma still holding back the doors. His eyes flicked to her lips before he closed the space between them, grabbing her tightly and pressing their lips together. They both responded feverishly, each one grasping onto the other like a lifeline, hardly willing to part for air. When they finally parted it was only for a brief moment, each one smiling at the other like a dream had come true before they kissed again, softer and slower, like they had mutually come to an understanding that there would be more to come so they might as well take their time. Together, they made their way out of the elevator and towards the apartment door, still locked together by the lips, hands still gently maneuvering from waists to necks to faces. The front door shut lightly behind them and they continued on, somehow completely in sync with where the other was going. Perhaps they could read each other’s minds. 
    Fitz held Jemma against her closed bedroom door, one hand on her lower back and the other in her hair, as Jemma fumbled around until she found the doorknob. She opened the door, sending herself fumbling backward, Fitz following suit. He kicked the door shut with his foot as Jemma fell backwards onto the bed. He stopped for a moment, hovering above her slightly as he braced himself up with hands either side of her body. He just looked at her for a moment, his ocean blue eyes looking deep into hers. He gently tucked her hair behind her ear before slowly capturing her lips with his. She returned the kiss, deepening it as her hand found his. And like that, hands clasped together, the two of them took a leap of faith.



The Inlaws
Chapter Notes
Fun facts: This chapter marks 100 pages in my doc, so that's fun. Thanks for keeping up with the story and enjoy the chapter!




    There are some mornings when one wakes up absolutely, completely, and wonderfully content. And that was just how Jemma Simmons woke up the next morning. The sun streamed through the windows, gently bringing the room to life and causing it to glow a faint morning yellow while the bed was just the right temperature to make the idea of getting out of it absolutely preposterous. Jemma turned onto her side, being careful not to displace the gentle arm that was wrapped around her waist, and studied the face of the man next to her. She simpered, sighing blissfully as she began tracing her fingers gently across his cheek and down his jaw. Fitz was handsome, the morning light making his sandy brown hair glow softly, a slight shadow of stubble accentuating his cheekbones and jaw. She smiled as his eyelashes began to flutter, his mind rushing to the world of the waking. His eyes darted behind his eyelids before serenely falling open. A small sigh broke from him as he smiled sleepily at her, his blue eyes shining in a way that made Jemma feel like she was going to melt. 


    He removed his arm from her bare waist, bringing his hand to tuck a strand of hair behind her ear affectionately, whispering a soft, “Goodmorning, Jemma.”


    “Goodmorning, Fitz.”


    He kissed her tenderly, savoring the moment despite the morning breath. When they both parted they giggled like teenagers, the euphoria of the night before melting into a soft bliss. It had been a long time since Jemma had felt content, almost forgetting the word entirely. But there, with Fitz, she felt just that: content. 


    Positioning himself to kiss her properly, Fitz anchored himself by his forearm and hovered slightly above her as she reached up for his face, their lips meeting together with practiced precision. As he made to deepen the kiss, his stomach growled. Jemma leaned her head back and laughed as Fitz tucked his chin to his chest, grinning sheepishly before laughing slightly himself.


    “Hungry?” Jemma giggled as Fitz touched his forehead to hers before rolling back to his side of the bed.


    “Starving.” 


    They both sat up and Fitz reluctantly removed himself from the covers, shivering as the cool air of the room hit his exposed body. He remained sitting on the bed, his legs draped over the side as he willed himself to stand up. Jemma made to get up as well, her movement drawing Fitz’s attention.


    “No, you stay in bed. I’ll bring it to you. We’ll have breakfast in bed and talk,” he said, his eyes shy but his voice confident.


    Jemma nodded, tilting her chin up towards him as he leaned in one more time before standing up. After another, more energetic kiss that nearly caused them both to remain in the bed, Fitz hopped up and padded across the room to where his clothes were strewn haphazardly. Jemma watched as he dressed, smiling at the intimate domestic privilege. He was lean but toned and Jemma couldn’t help but watch as his hands worked the fly of his jeans. Finally dressed, he made for the door before rethinking it and turning to look at her once more. Making a quick two-step stride, he kissed her forehead before going out the door, shutting it softly. It was as though he wanted to reassure her at every possible chance that this wasn’t a one-night thing to him but rather that it was everything that he had wished for. 


    Jemma smiled, the corners of her mouth reaching for her ears as she fell back into her pillow. She closed her eyes dreamily and thought about everything that had happened. She found herself thinking not only about the activity of the previous night but everything that had just happened as well. She liked the way he kissed her forehead, the way they could just look at each other in the morning light. She liked all the silly fluff of their morning and all the passion of their night. She liked him, utterly and completely. She was content.


    Just has the warm haze of morning began to pull on her senses, there was a loud trio of knocks, more like bangs, on her door. 


    “Jemma!” a voice pleaded from the other side before repeating another set of bang, bang, bang, “It’s Daisy! Please open your door.”


    Jemma leaped from the bed and grabbed her pink robe, wrapping it around herself as the knocking became less rhythmic and more deliberately annoying. Bang bang bang bang bang, bang bang. Bang. Bang bang bang. After nearly a lifetime of being friends with Daisy, Jemma was used to this particular panicked greeting and opened the door kindly rather than banging her own fist on top of her friend’s head. 


    “Yes?” 


    Daisy was surprisingly put together looking, her hair done, her makeup effortlessly perfect, her clothes stylish but casual, but that was where the put togetherness stopped is the bangs on the door were any indication. Frantically, she pushed her way past Jemma into the room, sitting down on the bed and twisting her bracelet back and forth by the small charms. It was her prized possession, the dainty silver chain with two larger daisies on either side of a smaller third, a gift from her parents.


    Daisy bounced nervously on the bed as Jemma looked at her pointedly, waiting for her to begin talking. Staring more at her bracelet than at Jemma, Daisy let out a nervous laugh. “So, funny story, I sort of forgot that my parents were coming into town, well more like got the dates mixed up and thought they were coming next week but whatever. Anyway, I have literally done nothing to get ready for them and so I sort of panicked and said that you had offered to have them come here the first day before we all get dinner. I have to pick them up from the airport pretty much now so they’ll be here in an hour. So… yay?” She finished the last part with poorly timed jazz hands.  


    Jemma blinked at her friend, her mind trying less to come to terms with the fact that she would be hosting Phil and Melinda May Coulson and more with the fact that she wouldn’t get her breakfast in bed with Fitz. 


    “Listen Jemma, I’m super sorry. I definitely owe you one. I just need a few hours to get my apartment clean and set up so I don’t have to deal with the extra stoic glare of my mother. I’ll be there for dinner so it won’t be the whole day and besides my parents adore you and they’ll get to meet everyone. Ok, so maybe we hide Hunter for a few hours but that’s a win for everyone, right? Right? Please laugh before I cry. Jemma, you’re not laughing… Jemma?”


    “Okay,” Jemma sighed, hugging herself tightly, “Let me just get ready and warn the boys.”


    Daisy leapt to her feet and hugged her friend. “Thank you so much,” she said before letting go. She walked towards the door, her hand on the doorknob, as she continued to speak, “I promise I’ll make it up to you. Caffeinated beverages from The Bus on me for the rest of time and I swear to never be this much of shithead again.”


    “Sounds good.” Jemma tried her best to smile at her friend but she couldn’t help but mourn the comfort of her bed and the loss of her morning. Daisy sped out the front door as quickly as she had arrived, shouting “See you soon” loudly to everyone before shutting the door with a thud.


    Jemma got dressed quickly, putting her hair in a high ponytail as if she were preparing for battle. When she reached the kitchen she found all three of the boys, Hunter and Mack sitting up at the counter while Fitz leaned against the cabinet. Mack and Hunter turned to look at her while Fitz gave her an intimate smile from behind them, connecting them together with a single uptick of the corner of his mouth. There was an empty T.V. tray behind him and a pan on the stove giving Jemma the impression that he too had been unwantedly interrupted. 


    “Wha’ ‘aisy wan’?” Hunter said through a mouth full of cereal, finishing the sentence with a loud crunch.


    “Her parents are in town and she’s bringing them over here while she gets ready for them,” Jemma said simply, making her way to the fridge to pull out the orange juice, only to find it on the counter behind Fitz. He handed it to her with an almost sad look. He too was mourning breakfast in bed.


    Hunter swallowed. “Why our place?”


    “Daisy isn’t ready for them yet so she needed to buy some time. Besides, I’m actually looking forward to seeing them. They’re pretty much my second pair of parents, really. I’ve known them since I was eleven and I stayed with them while I went to University. So here are the rules for today. No throwing things, no possible contributions to the 

Douchebag Jar

, no one touches and or mentions Danger Pipe--”


    “I thought Danger Pipe was under control?”


    “Danger Pipe is under control.”


    “Is it, Fitz? Is it?”


    “No basketball inside--”


    “Okay, last time something went wrong with a basketball inside that was on you, Jemma.”


    “I’m not exempt from the rules, Mack, and I’m also not done giving the rules.”


    “Sorry.”


    “Please stay on safe topics of conversation and yes, Hunter, Football Match of ‘09 counts as an unsafe story. Last thing and I don’t know why it still has to be mentioned, but for the love of everything don’t pants one other when we have guests.”


    “That was one time.”


    “Really, Hunter? One time.”


    “Okay, twice.”


    “Nah man, what about--”


    “Doesn’t matter how many times, once was enough. Listen, their opinions really matter to me so everyone best behavior, please.”


    “When are we not?” Hunter slid off his stool and put his bowl in the sink. 


    “Literally every time Jemma just mentioned--”


    
“Guys! Just please be good. I don’t mean to sound like I’m trying to be your mum but I just sort of had this thrown on me and I need us all to work as a team here. Let’s all finish our food and get dressed. Fitz, since your dressed, will you get down the green tea. Top left of the tea cabinet, I think. I’m going to make sure the television is on 

The History Channel

 when you turn it on, Daisy’s dad likes correcting it.”


    “Should we be nervous?” Hunter asked as Jemma handed him back his bowl, gesturing for him to put it in the dishwasher.


    “Of Phil Coulson? No. Melinda May Coulson? Yes.”


    Mack stood up, waiting to put his own dish in after Hunter. “What’s so scary about Daisy’s mom?” 


    “Oh, nothing really. May’s very kind once you get to know her, just fiercely protective. And there is the fact that she can flip a person like a pancake and punch them into another dimension but I don’t see her doing that in this context. Oh, and she isn’t very talkative and her glare could kill a man but other than that, you guys will be fine.” 


    “But Daisy’s dad is cool, right?” Hunter gulped.


    “He’s the best. The only scary thing about Phil is his ability to be an extremely good judge of character. He reads people really well, I think it comes from being a teacher. He has this gift of being able to tell a person's thought process.”


    “Well, they sound not at all intimidating. Nothing to be nervous about,” Hunter muttered as he made his way to his room.


    As they all dispersed to their respective tasks, Fitz was left alone in the kitchen to retrieve the green tea from its place at the top of the cabinet while his insides twisted with nerves. He hadn’t had the chance to talk to Jemma yet and now he realized with a bludgeoning bang that he was, in a sense, meeting the inlaws. He pinched the bridge of his nose, tucking his chin to his chest. So much for breakfast in bed.



    “Why is it that when people come over we always line up like we’re on Downton Abbey?” Mack asked, crossing his arms in front of his chest.


    “You watch Downton Abbey?” Hunter smirked.


    “It’s beautiful and I watch it with you.”


    Mack began singing the Downton Abbey theme tune and Hunter joined in, forgetting that he had been mocking Mack moments before.


    “Will you two shut up.”


    “Not being allowed to sing the Downton Abbey theme tune, or any theme tune for that matter, was nowhere on the rules list, Fitz.”


    Luckily Fitz’s retort was cut off by a knock at the door or Hunter might have greeted Daisy’s parents with a fat lip. Jemma ran to open it, glaring at the three men in front of her as she did so. Daisy’s parents entered first followed by Daisy herself, all three piled with luggage and Daisy with an extra take out bag of lunch. Jemma greeted them warmly, before being wrapped in a hug by Daisy’s dad. He let go of her and held her out slightly to take her in like a relative during the holidays, beaming at her before letting her go. Jemma moved to Daisy’s mom, who enveloped her in a hug as well. After she was let go, Jemma began to feel nerves worm around in her stomach. 


    “These are my roommates,” she announced, turning the attention to the three men. Why were introductions always so bloody awkward, “Mack, Hunter, and Fitz.” She pointed at each in turn and they all gave a strangely in sync wave.


    “Nice to meet you all,” Phil said, shaking hands with each of them in turn. 


    “Nice to meet you too, sir,” Fitz said as he shook his hand.


    “Ah, sir. No need to call me that. Phil will do just fine. This is my wife,” he gestured to the woman next to him.


    “May,” She said simply.


    Phil rubbed his hands together, smiling brightly from behind his glasses. “Well, awkward intros out of the way, we brought food. Anyone hungry for some lunch?”


    “Starved,” Jemma said as she gestured towards the dining table.


    As they collectively moved towards the table, Daisy abruptly stopped, pulling out her phone.


    “Damn,” she muttered, just loud enough for it to travel.


    Phil stopped while May looked curiously at her daughter. “Everything alright?”


    “Something just came up with work. It looks like I won’t be available until dinner.”


    “That’s alright. We’ll just get to know Jemma’s roommates,” Phil said helpfully, a little gleam in his eye.


    “Okay. I’m so sorry! Love you, dad. Love you, mom.” Daisy kissed the cheeks of both her parents, handing the take out bag to her father before sprinting out the front door.


    As they all settled into their food, May turned to Jemma.


    “She got the dates mixed up didn’t she.”


    “Yep.”


    “Must have been extra last minute. ‘Something with work,’ she’s normally better than that,” Phil added, picking out his cheeseburger from the bag.


    “So, what does everyone do for a living?” Phil continued before taking a bite of his burger.


    “Advertising. I used to be a freelancer but I recently became part of a larger company,” Hunter said, thankfully after he had swallowed his own bite of burger.


    Phil nodded, still chewing, before turning to Mack.


    “And you?”


    “I’m currently training to become a police officer.”


    “I have a friend who’s a police officer. Just got promoted to Chief of Police actually. Jemma, you remember Jeffrey Mace, right?”


    “Jeffrey Mace got promoted?”


    “Yep. About a year ago. Long-time coming if you ask me. Anyway, how about you, Fitz? What do you do?”


    Fitz finished chewing his bite of food before speaking. It always struck him odd how people had conversations while eating seeing how inconvenient it was. “I’m an engineer.”


    
“Really? What kind of things do you build?”


    
“Wide array of things really. Been working recently on some designs for specialized drones.”


    
“Fitz works with Tony Stark,” Jemma cut in, beaming proudly at him. Coulson raised his eyebrows in interest.


    
Fitz’s cheeks flushed pink. “I recently had the opportunity to show some of my designs to Tony Stark but I don’t technically work with him. Just having the opportunity to show him some of my ideas was an honor in itself, really. You know Jemma actually helped me a great deal with one of the designs. Yeah, non-lethal weaponry. She’s brilliant, couldn’t have done it without her. Told Tony Stark as much.”


    
May looked at Fitz carefully as he rubbed Jemma’s back affectionately before tucking back into his food. Seeing May’s eyes on him, he took another bite of food in an attempt to pull focus away from himself and allow the conversation to shift elsewhere. Phil asked Jemma how her job was going and there was the focus shifted. Phil was good like that. After a while, the conversation died down slightly as food became the main focus, each person taking too many consecutive bites to hold any single topic for long. 


    
After lunch, the group dispersed. Hunter escaped to Bobbi’s, deciding it better that he keep his first impression intact and escape while it was still so far so good. Fitz helped Jemma with cleanup before getting pulled into a conversation with Phil about WWII, which of course started because of something on 

The History Channel

. Jemma giggled at the way Fitz nodded along with what Phil was saying, adding in his two cents every now and again before Mack sat down, shifting the conversation. They began to discuss the logistics of flying cars, a dream that Phil wished to become a reality, and carried on in that vein for a good chunk of time.


    
An hour later, Jemma handed May a cup of green tea before sitting down next to her at the dining table. May took it gratefully, turning back to look at the animated conversation on the couch. At some point Mack had gotten up to grab something, leaving Fitz alone with Phil.


    
“What are they talking about?” Jemma asked, taking a sip of her own cuppa. 


    
“I think Phil has shifted the conversation to relationships,” May said simply. Jemma’s stomach fluttered and she could feel the nerves work their way to her face. Jemma always felt as though May and Phil were two steps ahead, or could at least read minds and definitely expressions. Poor Fitz didn’t know what he was walking into. May turned to face Jemma, her own expression stoic and calm. 


    
“Give it a second before you rescue him otherwise it will be extra obvious you just slept together.”


    
Jemma nearly spat out her tea, but chose instead to swallow it painfully in one gulp, as her cheeks blushed a deep crimson. May smiled mischievously in a way she must have taught to her daughter. 


    “How did you guess?” Jemma said sheepishly. No reason trying to deny it, not to Melinda May Coulson. 


    “You two find each other like magnets and those secret glances of yours aren’t very secretive.”


    “But how did you know we slept together?”


    “I didn’t. Just guessed.” 


    Jemma put her face in her hands before laughing lightly. “I do that every time don’t I?” 


    “Every time. So how long has it been going on?”


    “Last night was the first time,” Jemma said honestly. It was nice to talk to someone about it. She had felt like she was going to explode with excitement and nerves the entire day and May was strangely the best for this sort of stuff if she let you close enough in to allow you to confide in her.


    “I guess it’s all rather new. We haven’t had a chance to figure out what we are yet. I mean I want things to go further. He’s a great guy, really. I know you haven’t had a ton of time to get to know him but I--”


    “I like him,” May said simply, turning her head to look at Fitz. His cheeks were gowing pinker and pinker with every word out of Phil’s mouth and it made May smile, or at least the corners of her mouth moved slightly upward.


    Jemma sighed, her heart leaping. “You do?”


    “He’s good. It’s rare to find people who are good like that. And he cares about you. I’m guessing you feel the same about him.”


    Jemma nodded as tears pricked at her eyes. For some reason, May’s simple statement had eliminated all her fears to the point that tears of relief began to form. The older woman turned to look at Jemma, her eyes roving over her features carefully.


    “So talk to him.” May stood up and kissed the top of Jemma’s head in a rare, special piece of affection she showed a limited number of people, five to be exact.  


    “You ready to go, Phil?”


    Phil looked at his wife, leaving Fitz a small window of time to exchange glances with Jemma. “Is it time for dinner already?” 


    “We’re meeting Daisy to go to that antique shop before dinner, remember?”


    “Right!” Phil exclaimed, putting his hands on his knees and pushing himself onto his feet, looking at Jemma with pure excitement. “Daisy did some recon and placed a vintage trading card on hold. I’m checking to see if it’s one I have already or not.” He clapped a hand on Fitz’s shoulder as his eyes glimmered with his signature Phil Coulson smile. “Well, it was good to meet ya, Fitz. And remember what I told you.”


    Fitz stood tall and shook Phil’s hand, “Absolutely, sir. Wouldn’t dream of forgetting it.”


    “Good.”


    Mack walked into the room holding a book that he had retrieved from his room.


    “Here you are, Phil. Copy of 

Vintage Cars for a Collector’s Dream.

”


    “Thanks! I’ll send it back with Daisy if I don’t have a chance to visit again in the next week.” May narrowed her eyes a fraction at her husband. ‘Go grab a book,’ was what he went with. And he thought his daughter’s line of excuses were weak. 


    Phil shook hands with Mack before hugging Jemma. They waved goodbye, saying the common family exit statements like “drive safe” and “see you soon” before the door shut, once again, with a thud.



    
It was later in the evening and Jemma sat in her room reading her book. When she had approached Fitz to talk to him Mack had interrupted, asking if they were both up for watching the movie, 

Lawnmower Man II. 

They agreed, seeing the excitement on Mack’s face when he had found out it was on Netflix and deciding it would be worth it just to watch Mack’s expressions. During the movie, Fitz had sent her a single text, 

Your room. Eight o’clock, 

to which Jemma had responded with a thumbs up before turning back to the television screen. 


    
Her bedroom door opened with a soft creak. Jemma marked her page and placed the book down before turning to face Fitz. A soft laugh escaped her when she saw him, closing the door gently with his foot as he held a tray of scrambled eggs, toast, half a grapefruit, and a glass of orange juice. 


    
“You made me breakfast in bed,” Jemma simpered as she knelt on the bed, her knees sinking into the cushion. He walked towards her and she cupped his face in her hands, pulling him down into a kiss. They parted and he searched her face as she swiped her thumb across his cheekbone. 


    
“Is everything alright?” She asked as his blue eyes took her in.


    
“Yeah. I just think that I’ve never been as happy as I am now.” 


    
She smiled, taking the tray from him and placing it on the bedside table before wrapping her arms around his neck, letting him leaned into her as he touched their foreheads together. After a beat he pulled back, coming instead to sit facing her on the bed. Jemma reached for his hand, brushing her fingers over his palm as if she were about to read it before looking up into his eyes. 


    
“So what did Phil say to you?” Jemma asked, peering up from her eyelashes. 


    
“He figured us out,” Fitz said simply, but Jemma noticed a slight tinge of pink creeping up his neck.


    
“May did as well. I told you they could do stuff like that.”


    
“Yeah, you weren’t kidding about that.”


    
“So, what did he mean by ‘remember what I told you’ or whatever it was he said?”


    
Fitz watched her trace the lines on his palm, “Told me to talk to you… and to never take you for granted.”


    
“And you said--”


    
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”


    
There was a small pause that seemed to last for eons before either of them spoke, Jemma holding Fitz’s hand in her lap while the two of them just drank in the fact that they were together. Finally, Jemma gently drew his face upward, looking him in the eye before placing her hand back down to continue its concentric circles on Fitz’s palm. 


    
“Fitz… This is-- I don’t really know where to start so I’ll just start with how I feel.”


    
“That’s a good spot to start,” Fitz said humorously, breaking the tension as they both laughed.


    
“I like you, more than I’ve liked anyone before. And last night-- last night wasn’t just a one-night thing to me. It was everything I had wanted for a while and this thing between us… I want it to stick. I want it to last.”


    
Fitz smiled, his eyes an ocean of blue, as he took one of the hands tracing his palm and kissed it. “Me too. More than anything. So? Be my girlfriend, Jemma Simmons?”


    
She crawled to sit in his lap, bringing her arms around his neck. “If it comes with breakfast in bed then sure.”


    
“Oh, that was just a one-time thing. Was actually hoping you’d forget to eat it. I’m a terrible cook,” Fitz said, leaning his head back with a smirk on his face.


    
“Fitz!” 


    “You’re right. Who am I kidding, I’m an excellent cook. 


    “Just kiss me, Fitz.”


    “Absolutely.”




A Series of Reactions and a Bet
Chapter Notes
Turns out past me decided waiting until after going on vacation to finish this chapter was a better idea than doing it before hand. Sometimes past me has my back and sometimes she doesn't. Anyway, I've finally finished this chapter and am currently working on the next. Hope you enjoy it! Thanks again for all your lovely comments and kudos! Y'all are the best.




    The morning after Daisy’s parents had arrived was the second time Jemma had woken up next to Fitz and it was increasingly becoming one of her favorite parts of the morning. She couldn’t put the feeling of his presence next to her into exact words but the closest she could come was safe. The warmth of his chest against her back, his gentle heartbeat, his steady breathing all culminated together to form that word: safe. It was quite a wonderful feeling and one Jemma hadn’t felt in a relationship before, making it even more prized and comforting.


    
She knew she had to get up and be an adult with a job and whatever but she really didn’t want to. Delaying the inevitable, Jemma turned over onto her other side to face Fitz. He was rather cute when he was asleep, his grumpy persona slipping away with slumber. It was funny how he could go from grumpy and awkward at one point in the day to charming and sexy at another. As a whole, Jemma was head over heels for the brilliant, awkward, and sexy scientist next to her. 


    She smiled at him before turning back over, getting up from her bed right as her alarm began bleating. The shift in weight along with the alarm caused Fitz’s eyes to scrunch as his mind fought to stay asleep before he reluctantly blinked them open. He really did hate mornings.


    “Jemma?” He mumbled, his eyes trying to focus on her in the partial darkness. “Whadyadoin’?” 


    Jemma giggled as Fitz reluctantly tried to pick up his head from his pillow. “Getting up. I’ve got to go to work.” 


    Giving up on getting up, his head fell back down just as Jemma began her search for something to wear. 


    “Damn work and come back to bed,” he grumbled. Jemma could sense him smirking.


    “Fitz, I’ve got to be an adult and things.”


    “Very well then. Teach the future generation and improve the world or whatever and then run back home.”


    Jemma walked back over to the bed and kissed him, lingering for as long as she could, savoring the quiet moment of Fitz’s warmth and his gentle touch in the morning darkness.


    “I’ll run back as fast as I can.” 


    Jemma dressed quickly, made herself a cup of tea in a portable mug and was off to teach the masses. Meanwhile, Fitz fell back asleep, the ghost of Jemma’s lips still lingering on his own.



    
Like every morning, Hunter and Mack were eating cereal and waiting for Fitz to get up. The past few days had been strange and the routine was somewhat out of whack. If the two of them were being honest “the routine” had gone out the window with the arrival of Jemma Simmons. They weren’t complaining as “the routine” hadn’t been the most efficient one and they both adored Jemma, but it was strange that life was changing. 


    As Hunter continued to inhale his cereal, Mack looked at the clock. “It’s nearly ten o’clock on a Monday, shouldn’t Fitz be getting up by now?”


    “Probably,” Hunter said through his bite. 


    Mack continued to stare at Fitz’s door before finally making up his mind and standing up. 


    “I’m going to go wake him up.”


    “Okay mate, you do that. But when Fitz punches you don’t come complaining to me.”


    Mack rolled his eyes and made his way to Fitz’s door, knocking politely put with purpose. When there was no response, he turned the handle and pushed the door open. Fitz’s room was its normal state of organized chaos, blueprints strewn about but strangely in place, the odd bit of clothing here and there. Perfectly average except for the fact that his bed was empty. In fact, it looked as though it hadn’t been slept in at all. Mack’s eyes narrowed as he scanned the room. Fitz’s phone wasn’t plugged in on the bedside table, the unoccupied charger dangling uselessly off the side. The clothes scattered across the floor were from previous days but not the day before. He remembered that Fitz had tried to dress nicer for Daisy’s parents and, looking around, found that the articles he had worn were missing from the masses. By the looks of it, it seemed that Fitz hadn’t just left the room earlier that morning but rather hadn’t slept in there at all.


    Mack backed out of the room, shutting the door behind him as he tried to find a grip on his spinning thoughts.


    
“What’s wrong?” Hunter yelled from the main room, louder than necessary for the distance. They were only about seven feet away from one another. 


    
“He’s not in there,” Mack said, a tinge of confusion in his voice that caused Hunter to gape slightly before tucking back into his cereal.


    
“Well, he left early then.”


    
Hunter munched loudly on his Cheerios as Mack explained his detective work. “No, Hunter. I don’t think he slept there at all last night.” 


     After he had finished slurping the remaining bowl of milk, Hunter set the bowl down and stared off at Fitz’s door.


    “So where did he sleep?”


    Mack shrugged before turning back to the hallway as well. However, his attention was on the door opposite Fitz’s.


    “Mack? What are you thinking?”


    “I just had an idea.”


    “Okay… care to share with the class?”


    A wide grin broke on Mack’s face as he stood up from the couch. He walked in front of the muted television and turned to face Hunter.


    “I think I know where Turbo slept and something tells me it wasn’t for the first time.”


    Hunter cocked his eyebrows in interest. “I’m listening.”


    “Do you remember what food Fitz was making yesterday morning.”


    “I don’t know, breakfast.”


    “And…”


    “Didn’t seem like a big deal. He was just making breakfast.”


    “What did we eat for breakfast today?” Mack asked, folding his arms in a practiced police stance. 


    “Cereal.”


    “And yesterday?”


    “Cereal.”


    “Day before that?”


    “Cereal and I think you had a yogurt to prove to Elena you could vary your diet. What’s your point exactly?”


    “You, me, and Fitz have had cereal for breakfast nearly every day for the past five years.”


    “So we’re unhealthy children trapped in adult bodies. That doesn’t explain what you’re trying to say.”


    “He was making breakfast and I remember he had gotten out a T.V. tray. Hunter, he was making breakfast in bed.”


    Realization flashed across Hunter’s face causing Mack to brighten exponentially, responding to Hunter with a “you understand now?” face. Hunter’s eyes snapped to the hallway and back to Mack.


    “Do you think it was for--”


    “Who else could it be?”


    “So they--”


    “They had to of--”


    “Fitz--”


    “And Simmons, yeah!”


    “

Mack. 

Mack this is…”


    “A long time comin’ if you ask me.”


    “This is brilliant! Fitz you absolute beauty! Bloody hell that took forever.”


    Hunter got up from the couch and scrambled over to the hallway.


    “Hunter, what are you doing?”


    “Well, he’s still going to be late to work if he doesn’t get up soon. And I have a feeling this is going to be funny.”


    If it were any other circumstance or if it were any other person, Mack would have tried to stop Hunter, but it was Fitz and, for once, Hunter appeared to be right; it would be funny. Shrugging, Mack walked over to stand behind Hunter, his phone camera on and at the ready. Grinning mischievously, Hunter took a deep breath and pushed open the door, letting it swing wide as he shouted.


    “Fitz! What the bloody hell are you doing in Jemma’s room! Get up!”


    Being shocked awake does not allow one to be graceful and Fitz was no exception. His entire body spasmed before launching itself into an upright position. He was further startled by the presence of Hunter and Mack and he jolted so forcefully he fell off the bed in a tangle of sheets and limbs. The pair of pranksters were laughing hysterically, Hunter doubled over as he tried to fight his laughter so he could breathe and Mack trying to keep the camera steady in spite of his own booming laughter. To Fitz’s complete horror, as he tried to untangle himself from the bed sheets and comforter, he realized he wasn’t wearing any clothes but was rather completely and utterly naked. 


    “What. The. Hell!” Fitz yelled. He continued to let off a stream of curse words as he tried to get up from the floor without completely exposing himself, doing his best to remain hidden behind the bed frame. His never-ending supply of swears was answered with continued laughter. After a moment, Mack managed to catch his breath and speak, stopping the recording and lowering the camera.


    “We’re sorry Turbo. We couldn’t resist. You can get up now, we won’t scare you again or anything.”


    “I can’t bloody get up.”


    “Why not?”


    “I’m not wearing any pants,” Fitz said forcefully but with a shy sense of achievement. This elicited another round of laughter and even Fitz joined in with a soft chuckle.


    “Sorry, mate. We’ll leave you to get dressed before you explain everything to us.”


    “Way to go, Turbo,” Mack cheered before he shut the door behind him. 


    At the click of the door, Fitz stood up, gathered and put on his clothes, and promptly fell face-first into the mattress, his ears tinged pink but happiness clinging to his body nonetheless.



    
It didn’t matter that Gabe had nearly lit the school on fire with a Bunsen-burner or that Flint had made a slingshot with a rubber band and a rock, the latter incident resulting in a dented whiteboard, the smile on Jemma Simmons’ face refused to falter. Even as she set up Flint in a lovely spot right next to her desk where he would spend the next five minutes crafting an apology note to the school’s maintenance crew, she was happier than she’d ever been. 


    While helping her students set up their lab, lecturing them on the proper way to use the Bunsen-burners, a lecture where she was forced to add an additional message of “don’t stick your pencil in the flame for funzies” (which apparently wasn’t obvious to middle schoolers, or at least not to Gabe Reyes), her phone buzzed. With a quick glance, she saw it was a video from Mack. Her heart fluttered slightly. 

This had to be good.

 After finishing her lecture and making her way back to her desk, on the way obtaining the apology note from a remorseful Flint, she sat down and finally checked her phone.


    A swarm of butterflies exploded in her stomach as she realized what the video was. It was Fitz being scared awake after being caught in her bed, but more than that it was a confirmation to their friends of her and Fitz’s romantic relationship. At least a confirmation to Mack and Hunter. Despite the nerves that suddenly swarmed her, she couldn’t resist playing the video, watching it on mute. At the sight of Fitz floundering form falling off the bed, she couldn’t help but burst into a fit of giggles. Though the video was on mute, she knew it most likely contained language that wasn’t appropriate for school, her imagination conjuring the exact stream of swear words Fitz was most likely letting off and the volume at which Mack and Hunter were laughing. Looking up from her phone, Jemma realized her laughing fit had caught the attention of her students.


    “What are you laughing at, Ms. Simmons?” asked a small girl in the front row named Abby.


    “What? Oh, sorry. I was just laughing at something a friend sent me. Very unprofessional of me.” Jemma tried to plaster a professional look on her face but the image of her boyfriend falling off her bed, along with knowing full well that he was butt naked under those sheets, kept creeping to the front of her mind. She clamped her mouth shut and tried to contain the fit of giggles that kept rising in her throat. Deciding it was best if she were to try and focus on something else, primarily work, Jemma began walking up and down the rows of tables, making extra sure no one was trying to replicate Gabe.


    When her free period finally rolled around, she picked up her phone and began texting Mack.

 


    That’s amazing. Thank you for this. Also, I guess you found us out.


 

    It didn’t take him long to send a response.

 


    Wasn’t too hard to figure it out. And you’re welcome. You can thank Hunter for the video. I just held the camera.


 


    Everyone needs a good cameraman.


 


    So, how long has it been going on for?


 


    Couple of days. Officially official though. Guess it’s all rather new.


 


    No, it’s not, Jemma. I’m happy for you two.


 


    Thanks, Mack.


 

    Jemma smiled down at her phone. She knew Mack was right, it wasn’t new, just official. She could feel her cheeks pink but not from embarrassment. She was just happy. Strangely enough, having a bunch of crap thrown at them even before their relationship had officially started just proved to her that they could face anything else life had in store, as long as they faced it together. 


    The bell rang loudly in the way school bells do, ridiculously loud one class period and nearly missable the next. Jemma was used to it and simply began setting up for her next class period of students, silently praying that there would be no further incidents where the school nearly caught on fire, 

Gabe




    
Daisy’s parents were once again arguing over her father’s health. Phil Coulson was not one to slow down. If anything, if he was ever tired he would just speed up. This backward logic had been the bane of Melinda May Coulson’s existence since what felt to her like the beginning of time. The current argument, taking place over family dinner, as it often did, was about taking a break from work, something that Phil flat out refused to do. 


    “I’m taking time off right now, see,” Phil gestured outward, sweeping his hand out across the restaurant like the prize presenter on a game show. “See, in a different state to visit my daughter. Time off.”


    “A week, Phil. You took a week off for the first time in fifteen years.”


    “That’s not true. Took plenty of time off when Daisy was little.”


    “Summer break doesn’t count, Dad.”


    “Whose side are you on?” Phil glared, jokingly pointing his fork full of pasta at his daughter.


    “In this case, Mom’s and not just because she’s using her death glare tonight.”


    “Phil--”


    “I’ll think about it, dear.”


    “Don’t you dare 

dear 

me.”


    “Honey. Wife. Love of my life.” He punctuated each word in midair with his pasta fork. 


    May glared but the corner of her mouth ticked upward slightly. Only Phil could get away with that. Looking between her parents and deciding to save her father from any further argument where he would undoubtedly lose, Daisy changed the subject.


    “I never asked last night, but what did you think of Jemma’s roommates?”


    Phil swallowed his bite of pasta as May took a sip of her water.


    “I liked them.”


    “That’s it?”


    “Oh sorry,” Coulson cleared his throat dramatically, “Each of them individually had qualities of great inspiration and interest. I deeply adored learning about their complex characters and stor--”


    “Dad!”


    Coulson chuckled and took another bite of his food.


    “Jemma seemed really happy there,” May mused. She looked to Phil and the two of them shared a little smile. It didn’t go unnoticed by Daisy.


    “Yeah, she loves it there. I actually really like her roommates. You should hear them talk. They’re really sweet about her.”


    “Or sweet on her in Fitz’s case,” Phil chuckled.


    May rolled her eyes. “How old are you, Phil?”


    “What?”


    “He’s sweet on her?”


    “Yeah, it’s an expression--”


    “So you noticed Fitz had a crush on her,” Daisy cut in, leaning forward. She was very interested to see her parents take on that.


    Phil shrugged. “Yeah, not that hard to guess. Even easier to guess it was more than crushing going on between the two of them. They kept looking at each other like they were cartoon characters. You know, with the heart eyes and everything.” 


    “Took me about five seconds to pry it out of Jemma,” May added plainly.


    “Shows we’ve taught her something. Fitz folded in three.”


    Daisy stood up straighter and looked between her parents, her mind going a mile a minute. “Wait, what do you mean?”


    Phil looked at his daughter with the signature gleam in his eye. “They’re together, hun.”


    “What! Since when? They didn’t tell me!” Realization hit Daisy like a truck as she put the pieces together. Jemma had only been in her robe when she had arrived yesterday and Fitz had been rather disheveled looking. Come to think of it, the two had been overly cheerful considering the circumstances Daisy had thrown on them.


    “Holy shit. They slept together!” Eyes all around the restaurant turned to face the Coulson table and Daisy gave them all a wave of apology. The Coulson’s weren’t a shy bunch.


    “Yes, Daisy. Jemma and Fitz are sleeping together. Now eat your food,” May pointed her knife at her daughter’s plate. Reluctantly, Daisy cut off her retort by closing her mouth. After a lifetime of her mother, she knew better than to argue, especially when her mother was wielding a knife. 


    “I hope they took our advice, though,” Coulson continued after a minute of silent chewing.


    “They did,” May stated. She wasn’t known to mince words. 


    “What makes you say that?”


    “They’re young but they’re not stupid, Phil. They know they’ve got something good.”


    Daisy looked at her mom and was surprised to see a little smile on her face. It caused Daisy to brighten as there was nothing more rewarding than a smile from May, even if it wasn’t for you. Having her mom’s approval was a sign of doing something right, something good. She would have to tell Jemma about it, it would make her day. After she threw something at her for not telling her she slept with Fitz, of course. Daisy smiled to herself as she tucked back into her food. She was over the moon her dork friends were happy, not to mention her ship was sailing. Fitz would have hit her had she said the shipping part aloud but whatever. Fitz and Jemma were happy and that made her happy. And dammit, her ship was sailing.   



    
Bobbi was sitting on Hunter’s bed as he worked on an ad campaign. He liked it when Bobbi was there, even if she was just sitting and reading. She was always willing to give him feedback and her brutal honesty came in handy when he was practicing pitches. Currently, he was writing out a pitch for a beer campaign for his boss. It had to be perfect, not only because it would be awesome to gain that account but also because he was terrified of disappointing Hartley. 


    
“What do you think of this one?” Hunter asked, holding out his computer for Bobbi to take. Bobbi put down her book and took the laptop from Hunter’s hands. She quickly read the pitch and smiled, nodding her approval of the well-planned paragraph. 


    
“I think that’s the one. Just cut the last sentence and it’s gold.”


    Hunter flashed her his charismatic smile. Often, when they were alone, Bobbi was amazed at how much his rogue, bad boy nature could slip away, revealing his insecurities and sensitivities. When she had first met him that night in the loft, watching as he stripped off his jacket in an odd attempt to impress her, she couldn’t understand why his friends had stayed with him. They had sat next to him in horror, Fitz trying to disappear into the couch while Mack just shook his head and Bobbi couldn’t blame them. It hadn’t made sense to her. Why were an awkward scientist, a large mechanic turned police officer, and a playboy advertising agent all friends? Now she understood. The scientist was understanding and compassionate, the mechanic was loyal and honest, and the playboy was protective and thoughtful. They looked out for one another while still being able to call each other out on their shit. It wasn’t that different from her, Daisy, and Jemma. Friendship was just a bond cultivated through years of shared experiences, fights, traumas, and understandings. She couldn’t help but smile back at Hunter as he looked at her. He was a pain in the ass but God could he be sweet.


    Bobbi was startled from her reverie by a message coming in through Hunter’s computer. It was from Mack. She didn’t mean to look at it but the combination of two names caught her attention. Hunter took the computer back from Bobbi and typed a response, leading Bobbi to stare at him quizzically.


    “What are you two talking about Fitz and Jemma for?” Bobbi asked, her eyes narrowing with suspicion.


    Hunter looked up from the laptop, his eyebrows somewhat raised.


    “They didn’t tell you either?”


    “Tell me what?”


    “Well, that makes sense. They were keeping it close to the vest. Can’t blame them, we did the same thing and all and for longer--”


    “Hunter! What are you saying.”


    “Fitz and Simmons are Fitzsimmons as of two days ago. Or yesterday. I don’t really know the details. All I know was Fitz was asleep in Jemma’s bed this morning stark naked and was making breakfast in bed for her yesterday. Mack and I were taking the piss out of him this morning. Got a really funny video of him falling out of the bed--”


    “Wait wait wait. Back up. Jemma and Fitz are together now.”


    “Yeah. Official and everything. Boyfriend and girlfriend, love birds, an item, whatever you want to call it.”


    Bobbi leaned back into the pillows and raised her hands in the air with a hallelujah.


    “Freaking finally! Those idiots took damn near forever to figure it out.”


    “That’s what we said,” Hunter exclaimed, turning back to his work.


    Bobbi sat back up and went to reach for her book when a thought hit her.  


    “Hunter?”


    “Yeah, Bob?”


    “Did we ever make this 

official

 official? I mean I know we call each other the titles and everything but did we ever talk about it?”


    Hunter looked up from the laptop again and looked at her. A quizzical look crossed his face before it softened into realization.


    “I don’t think so. I guess I just always considered myself lucky to be near you.”


    “You did?”


    “Yeah. Bleeding hell, Bob. You’re amazing! Way out of my league, which you know is hard for me to admit. You’re brilliant and beautiful not to mention you could kick my ass if you wanted to. I guess I never tried to talk about it because I didn’t want to push my luck. I just wanted to make you happy.”


    Bobbi crawled across the bed, moved the laptop off Hunter’s lap, and wrapped her arms around his neck, placing soft kisses across along his jaw until landing on his lips. They stayed like that for a bit, enjoying one another, holding onto one another until Bobbi finally broke the kiss.


    “I’m sorry,” Bobbi whispered, ducking her head as a strange surge of emotions hit her.


    “What for? Bob? Bobbi look at me.” He tucked his finger under her chin and gently lifted her head.


    “I love you,” Bobbi sighed, her eyes searching his face as she brought her hands up to cup his cheeks.


    “And you’re sorry because…”


    “I didn’t tell you sooner.”


    “Well… I love you too.”


    Bobbi pressed her forehead against his, entwining their hands. Hunter leaned down to capture her lips with his. Before Bobbi could deepen the kiss, he stood up from the bed, breaking their closeness.


    She stared at him as he searched his back pocket for his wallet. “What are you doing?”


    “I’m making a bet.”


    He pulled a five-dollar bill out from his wallet before folding the leather back together and returning it to his pocket.


    “You’re going to say something stupid aren’t you.”


    He put the piece of folded paper between two of his fingers and pointed them at her. “Love, I’m going to marry you.”


    His tone was humorous, but Bobbi’s eyes widened in surprise nonetheless before rolling to the ceiling and landing back on Hunter.


    “Jar.”


    “It’s going to happen one day.”


    “Jar, Hunter.”


    Hunter smirked as he backed up to the bedroom door. Bobbi gestured for him to exit and deposit the bill in the mason jar that perpetually sat behind the couch. Hunter exited through the door, shutting it behind him as he walked to the main room. The bill remained held between his fingers as stood before the jar. He had just been joking with Bobbi but something in him couldn’t relinquish the folded piece of green paper. No one was around and the jar was too full for any difference to be noticed. Looking back at his door and then down to the bill, a soft smile tugged at the corners of Hunter’s lips and he carefully put the bill back in his wallet, only this time behind his driver’s license. Just in case.




The Storm
Chapter Notes
We have veered off into somewhere else, I don't know where, but there will be more New Girl inspired bits in the future so if that's what you're looking for it will be there soon.Side note: With school starting up again and new ideas in my head, I have planned out a rough outline as to where this story will go and how it will end, so it will be drawing to a close soon. Thank you so much for reading and commenting and kudosing (that's a verb right?) and being so supportive of this story. There are still a number of chapters left but story lines are beginning to be tied up. Anyway, I'll stop rambling and let you get to the story.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





    There are some periods in life that are, put simply, rose-colored. It’s not easy to explain and difficult to understand but there are just blocks of time that are perfectly peaceful with no real explanation as to why. For Jemma Simmons, she could at least put a name to the delightful haze that had settled over her life and that name was Fitz. She knew that all relationships were bound to have their ups and downs and fights and that the honeymoon period was bound to end sometime, but the rose-colored period was enjoyable nonetheless and was greatly appreciated after the hell that had occurred before it. 

    
The Rose Color period wasn’t just tinted that way for Fitz and Jemma, however. It was as if the whole loft had been drenched in a burst of warm pinkish sunshine for the entire month of April and well into May. Hunter and Bobbi had their longest streak without an argument and Mack was head over heels for his new girlfriend Elena, not to mention well on his way to becoming Officer Mackenzie. Even Daisy was enjoying a steady relationship with Lincoln and allowing herself to open up ever so slightly. But like all calms there comes a storm. And a storm there was, filled with a lighting flash of anger followed by a thunderclap of a slamming door.  

    
It all started with an overcast morning and a tie. 

    
The morning was destined for stress but everyone was in good spirits, on the outside at least. However, with the local news channel on full blast, something about the weatherman’s voice was setting the loft on edge. Daisy sat on the couch with her feet outstretched, her eyes on her phone but her ears tuned to the television. Donnie the weatherman was pointing at a greenscreen image that Daisy only half registered, arrows pointing this way and that while animated clouds moved into a fearful formation. Meanwhile, voices began to slowly rise behind her, Hunter’s ringing out the loudest as it often did. 

    
“Bob, you do realize it feels as though you’re trying to choke me, right?”

    
“You would be fine if you stopped trying to walk away. Now, will you stop fidgeting, Hunter, I’m trying to fix your tie,” Bobbi huffed, her hands pulling on the piece of fabric around Hunter’s neck. If Hunter had known better he would have realized what a precarious position he was in. 

    
With a great jerk of his head, he yanked himself away, scooting the knot into place. “My tie was fine! You’re the one who’s fidgeting with it!” He shoved his right hand into his pocket, turning the small velvet box that had been living there for three days over and over again in his hand. If he was being honest, he had been fidgeting, but the static in the air was getting to him and he really just wanted everyone to get ready and get a move on. The sitting still part of the morning was what was becoming the most agitating. The moment he caught the look on Bobbi’s face, a mix of taken-aback, frustrated, and hurt, he felt more nerves creep along his back like a spider. Why was it that the moment he needed everything to go to plan was the moment that it all started to self-destruct. 

    Bobbi put her hands up in surrender and stalked to the couch, no longer caring if she creased her sunflower yellow dress as she plopped down next to Daisy. Donnie the weatherman prodigy was confirming rain, his young face serious as he pointed at the stormcloud formation. The rain, Bobbi noted, was just fantastic as they were going to an outdoor event. So damn creasing her dress if she was just going to get rained on anyway.  

    
Nerves itched at Bobbi like bug bites, consistently drawing her attention whenever she let her mind wander. She was waiting for an important phone call from her manager, one that would either make or break her career, so having everyone extra antsy over getting to Mack’s graduation on time and the static in the air was not appreciated. She had no idea what Hunter was so fidgety about, Daisy was trying to get a hold of Lincoln, and Fitzsimmons were still locked in Jemma’s room. Luckily, Jemma was an early is on-time person so there was no doubt she was simply picking up Fitz’s pace, throwing clothes at him until he got ready rather than tearing them off of him.

    As Bobbi fell back into the couch, Daisy absently went to pat Bobbi’s shoulder in a comforting gesture. However, her eyes were on her phone as she replied to a text from her boyfriend so she ended up just patting Bobbi’s face, muttering a monotone “there there” as she did so. Bobbi wasn’t sure it was entirely accidental as the second pat pat hit her forehead. 

    “What did he say?” Bobbi asked, pushing Daisy’s hand away from her face. Daisy heaved a deep sigh and turned her phone off with a click. The message she had been responding to confirmed that Lincoln was stuck at the hospital saving lives in the neverending shift from hell.

    “Looks like I’m on my own for the event. He said he’d meet us at The Playground after, though.”

    “Sorry about that, love,” Hunter said, appearing behind Daisy. He had a handful of cereal which he deposited in his mouth before giving Daisy’s shoulder a friendly squeeze of support.

    Bobbi looked at her boyfriend as a crumb fell from his mouth.“Hunter, what are you eating?”

    “Cereal. A single bite of cereal to be exact,” he crunched.

    “You got crumbs on your tie.” Bobbi got on her knees, turning around to sweep the crumbs away, grabbing onto the fabric after in a sly attempt to fix the knot.

    “Oi! Woman, it’s not crooked!”

    “Don’t woman me,” Bobbi chided.

    Once again, the two performed the dance of Hunter backing up as Bobbi tried to fix his tie. This time, separated by the back of the couch, Hunter had the upper hand and escaped quickly, leaving Bobbi to turn back around with a huff.

    Outside the sky was turning grey. 

    “Everything all right?” Daisy asked, her face quickly snapping to her friend the moment she felt the couch shift back as Bobbi plopped back down onto the cushion.

    “Right as rain,” Bobbi muttered under her breath. Yes, a storm was coming indeed. 

    Down the hall, a phone rang and, a few minutes later, a door opened. Fitz was muttering into his phone, his accent becoming thicker and more heated as he spoke, causing everyone in the vicinity to stare. Jemma was right behind him as he stood in the hallway, a look of deep concern etching her face. With a deep sigh he hung up the phone, his left hand clenched into a fist. Jemma opened her mouth to speak only to be cut off with a wave of Fitz’s hand as he walked across the hall into his own room, which was now primarily used as a place to store his clothes rather than an actual place to sleep. He shut the door softly but the resounding thud left the same impression as a slam.

    “What was that about?” Daisy asked, eyeing Fitz’s door with deep curiosity.

    Jemma sighed, “I have no clue. He gets a phone call and a minute later he looks like he’s been punched in the face.”


    “And you’ve no idea who he was talking to?”

    “Nope, not a clue. Or what they were talking about for that matter. He just got more agitated and, well, you saw the rest.” Jemma gestured to the hallway before turning to the television. “Oh no, it’s not going to rain, is it?”

    “Yep. Lightning storm and everything,” Daisy replied.

    Jemma’s face fell. “They won’t cancel Mack’s thing will they?” 

    “I hope not,” Hunter cut in from behind the couch, “They better just move it inside.”

    “Mack’s worked so hard to become a police officer. It would be awful if the graduation got canceled.”

    “They won’t cancel it,” Daisy reassured, standing up and smoothing out her dress. She checked her phone and jumped slightly. “Uh, guys, speaking of the graduation, don’t we have to leave soon?”

    Jemma checked her watch and swore before jumping to her feet. If they didn’t leave soon they were going to be late as well as get caught in the rain. Jemma called for Fitz to hurry up, knocking at the locked door as Hunter sauntered to the kitchen for a beer and back to the couch.

    “Hunter, your tie is still crooked,” Bobbi noted as he took a swig of the beer. 

    Bobbi made her way to him and took a hold of his tie. He nearly choked on the drink as Bobbi tightened the knot more securely around his throat. Just as he was about to protest, there was a flash of lightning outside, causing Bobbi to jump out of her skin and knock the bottle in Hunter’s hand, sloshing the contents of the beer on his troublesome tie.   

    Hunter jumped back before slamming the bottle down on the side table. “Bloody hell! I told you it was fine and now look!” He rung his tie out and a wash of beer hit the floor.

    “It wasn’t fine it was crooked and besides you shouldn’t be drinking right now!”

    There was another pounding of fists on Fitz’s door down the hall.

    “It was a single bloody beer! It was fine. How about I just take off the damn tie!”

    “Fine! Take off the tie, Hunter. I don’t care.”

    “Fitz! Open the door we have to go!”

    It began to rain. 

    “See, no tie. All better.”

    Without the tie, he looked a little bit like a businessman vacationing in Miami. Daisy suppressed a giggle, something telling her it was not the appropriate time. 

    “You smell like beer,” Bobbi cringed, the statement leading Hunter to waft his scent more forcefully in her direction. They began talking over each other, though they were well on their way to yelling, Hunter still wafting his scent in her direction.

    Fitz’s door swung open, cutting off all argument. Jemma looked at him, her eyes narrowing with concern as he inched passed her. Something was off but she didn't have a single clue what.

    “Fitz--”

    “I’m fine, Jemma. Come on, we’ve got to go now or we’ll be late.”

    And with that Fitz pulled at the front door, holding it open as everyone filed out.


    
Mack couldn’t stop tapping. He tapped his fingers on his thigh, on his chair. After many minutes of the repetitive action and sensing Mack’s anxiety, Elena finally grabbed his hand and held onto it tightly. The gesture sent a wave of calm over him and he squeezed her hand back in a wordless thank you. They had been rained out, moving inside to a packed auditorium that was becoming increasingly more uncomfortable as the temperature rose. With every person that filed in the more the heat began to rise, each person contributing their body heat to the cause. The rain didn’t help, making the heat sticky with humidity. 

    With his free hand, Mack tugged at his collar and wiped under his new police hat, stopping in its tracks a bead of sweat that was threatening to drip down his face. It was bothering him how nervous he was. Normally, Mack was the collected one. He was always keeping his friends from doing stupid things or helping them through their anxieties or worries, but now he felt as though he was on a rotating table, off-kilter and anxious. Today, he was the one who was jittery and all over the place, with nerves that felt like ants running all up and down his person. Luckily he had Elena, whose gift for transferring courage to whoever she was around was life-saving. There was no fear in her eyes, no nerves. When they had slowly made their way to their seats, he had asked her how she could be so calm and she had responded simply.

    “Been through worse than walking on a stage. And I’ve got you, turtle man.” She smiled at him then, her eyes taking him in before pushing him to move faster.

    As he held onto Elena’s hand, he decided to scan the crowd. He had been a little disappointed that his family couldn’t make the flight out, his parents and brother busy selling their house, but he had his other family there and that was enough. He spotted them easily, Jemma having pushed them to the middle of the third row, right in front of where he and Elena were sitting. Even from a distance he could tell everyone was stressed, but Jemma just smiled and waved at him, shoving Fitz and leading him to do the same. Fitz gave him a little wave and an encouraging smile, but something wasn’t right behind his eyes. By the way Jemma was holding onto him, her arm looped through his and her hand on his thigh, she could sense it too. However, Fitz was playing fine, dead set on making sure the day remained focus on Mack. 

    He scanned down the row and spotted Bobbi and Hunter, knees turned directly out and both of them with their arms crossed. Next to Bobbi was Daisy, who, noticing he was looking at her, gave Mack two thumbs up. She then blew him an overdramatic kiss, her hand flying towards him. As if impersonating an overly zealous grandmother, she followed up the kiss with a wave, the kind where four fingers clap open and shut against the palm rather than wave side to side. It made Mack laugh and loosened the knot of nerves in his stomach a little more.

    “Your friends are weird,” Elena said, a hint of laughter in her voice as she observed Daisy’s performance. Her eyes drifted down the third row before landing back on Mack. 

    He looked at her and a smile broke on his face. “What friends aren’t?”

    “Very true, turtle man,” Elena nodded. “I like them.” 

    Her eyes turned back to the crowd, her heart sinking ever so slightly against her will. She was alone. No faces in the audience to look for. But she had Mack next to her and his large, comforting presence, not to mention his strange but welcoming entourage. As long as she had him, it was nearly impossible for her to feel alone. 

    At the far right of the stage, a mic whined and one of the officers began to speak. Mack turned and stared at the speaker, trying to control the wave of nerves that had flooded in with the speaker's voice. Elena, however, remained focused on the audience. There, in the middle of the third row, Mack’s friends listened intently. Fitz turned from the speaker and looked across at the row of graduates on the stage. He caught Elena’s eye and gave a shy smile, waving at her with a sense of kind encouragement before turning back to the speaker. A rush of appreciation hit Elena and she took a deep calming breath, tightening her grip on Mack’s hand. He looked down at her and smiled his gleaming grin, all warmth and white teeth. No, she wasn’t alone at all.

    
The officer at the microphone liked to talk. His speech, comprising of nearly thirty minutes of explanations, congratulations, and encouragements, droned on. At around the twenty-minute mark, Hunter had yawned so loudly that multiple sets of eyes turned to look at him. It also earned him a slap on the arm from Bobbi. Where the words lulled members of the audience, such as Hunter, to near sleep, they did nothing to quell the nerves in Mack’s stomach. He felt as though his entire body was being squished into his chair, his lungs crushing under the force. Along with that, there seemed to be some sort of barbed wire in his throat, tearing at every breath he did manage to take and making it difficult to swallow. 

    He continually turned to the third row, searching out for familiar faces like a lifeline. Around the time Hunter yawned, Mack caught Fitz’s eye, trying his best to return the engineer’s smile. Noticing the faraway look in Mack’s eyes, Fitz raised his chin slightly. It was a silent gesture of acknowledgment. Fitz, well acquainted with nerves, took a deep, obvious breath, his eyebrows reaching up to his forehead as he did so. Mack nodded and copied the action, the breath slipping under and around the barbed wire like a soldier in training. Fitz nodded back with a slight upturn at the corner of his mouth before turning back to the speaker. Jemma rested her head on Fitz’s shoulder, one of her arms still looped through his, and he pressed a gentle kiss to her hairline. Mack smiled at his friends, breath coming easier and the crushing feeling dissipating slightly. He took the biggest breath he could manage and turned back to the dull voice ringing from the occasionally whining microphone.    

  When the speaker finally moved away from the podium, everyone in the room sat up a little straighter, many in the audience pulling out their phones or cameras. Another man stepped up to the podium, every bit of brass on his person shining in the stage lights. He said another round of congratulations, Hunter did his best to contain himself from groaning when the small speech hit five minutes, before finally pulling out a list of names. 

    Even though Mack had been listening intently, his tapping returning when he had heard the “L’s” begin to be announced, he still startled when he heard his name get called. He stood up and walked towards the line of people whose hands he would be shaking, Elena shoving him onward when his feet froze. He heard loud whoops in the audience, making out the distinct voices of Daisy and Hunter. Though Mack felt it had lasted forever, the whole process went quickly. After his name was called and he had officially graduated from the police force, the whole world sped up and before he knew it he was walking hand in hand with Elena to meet his friends.

    They were standing by the front door, the rain still pouring down outside. Jemma hugged him first, followed by Fitz. The moment Fitz let go, Hunter tackled him, his congratulations a whipping of whoops and words.

    “We’re so proud of you!” Jemma beamed as Hunter let him go and Daisy began cheering again, earning stares from other parties around them. 

    Next was Bobbi, her hug light and friendly and her words soft in his ear compared to Hunter’s. Daisy continued to whoop, this time with the addition of ridiculous dance moves to spite the onlookers before Jemma reprimanded her. His friends were all beaming at him, pride in their eyes, and Mack couldn’t help but feel loved.


    After taking pictures and the like, everyone decided to go back to the loft to change before heading out to The Playground. Mack had brought a change of clothes and was going to get ready at Elena’s, therefore he was not driving back with the rest of the group. This meant that there was no one that anyone needed to save face in front of, allowing for the group to dissolve back into the uncomfortable tension-filled waters they had left back at the loft.  

    The moment the car door slammed shut, the air became heavy with silence, which was somehow worse than if they had all been yelling at each other. Daisy sat between Hunter and Bobbi in the back, feeling like a very uncomfortable barricade, her arms squished to her sides and a dead-eyed look falling across her face. Bobbi continually checked her phone, each movement causing a great wave of upset, disrupting the precarious placement of everyone’s arms in the back. Every time she held up her phone, there would be a ripple of movement and simultaneous groans from the other two back seat passengers. Meanwhile, in the front, Fitz drove with his eyes glued to the road and his mouth wired shut while Jemma stared out the window, frustrated at everyone’s strange attitude. They looked like a family forced on a road trip, the kids in the back having been denied a pee break while the parents prayed for the comfort of home, more specifically a break from their children.  

    When they finally arrived back at the loft, the chaos ensued as if a cork had been pulled from the bottle of emotions. Maybe it was the crack of thunder that had happened the moment they had walked through the door or maybe it was Fitz’s phone ringing. Or perhaps the rain had washed away all the rose-colored light in the room and they had all just noticed it at the same time. Whatever the reason, chaos decided to ensue. 

    The thunder had startled Daisy, who was first through the door, and her sudden stop caused a comical car crash of people. Jemma ran straight into Daisy and Fitz straight into Jemma. Luckily, Fitz managed to right Jemma. Bobbi, however, who had collided with Fitz, was not so lucky. In heels and thrown off balance, Bobbi slipped onto the floor just as Fitz’s phone began to ring. Thinking it was her own phone, or more like hoping, Bobbi missed Hunter trying to help her up, accidentally throwing him off as she lunged for her purse that had skidded to the side in her fall. As Hunter backed up from her, his hands pushing away from his chest in irritation, Bobbi threw her phone back into her purse and swore.

    “Calm down, Bobbi,” Hunter said, his voice splintered with frustration. The day was not going at all to plan and he saw little chance for its recovery, especially after telling her to calm down. The pupils of Bobbi’s eyes flashed with a bright flame of anger. However, on closer inspection, the flame could be seen hovering over a deep pool of disappointment and self-consciousness that filled the blue of her irises. Turned away from her, Hunter didn’t notice. 

    “Did you just tell me to calm down?” Bobbi spat, getting to her feet.

    Unable to dig himself out of his self-made grave, Hunter continued, his voice neutral but his words jagged. “All I’m saying, Bob, is that you shouldn’t take your nerves out on other people. You nearly choked me with my tie earlier today and ended up soaking me in beer.”

    “You weren’t listening, you shouldn’t have been drinking, and all I was trying to do was 

fix

 your damn tie!”

    “It didn’t need to be fixed! God, Bobbi, it isn’t about the tie!”

    “You just made it about the tie!”

    “No, it’s about you treating me like I’m a nuisance when all I do is try to be there for you!” The words rushed out of him and he felt like he was slipping on ice, destined to fall. 

    Bobbi stared at him but the flame in her eyes only burned brighter as it got closer and closer to the deep blue pool. “Be there for me? Two seconds ago you told me to be calm. All day you have done nothing to be there for me. If anything you’ve just picked and prodded and been a bag of nerves. So, yeah, you were being a pain in the ass!”

    “A pain--”

    “You weren’t being there for me, you were pushing me away!” 

    Bobbi turned on her heel and stalked off down the hallway.

    “Bob, where are you going? We have to leave soon.”

    “I’ll meet you at The Playground, okay! Just--” Bobbi couldn’t finish her sentence, frustration closing off her throat. She nearly ran into Jemma, who was exiting her room, as she opened the door to the bathroom and flung herself inside. The door slammed behind her with a thunderclap and something in the lock made a click sound. The anger inside her died as the pool of emotion extinguished it, hissing as tears leaked from her eyes. 

    “Bobbi? Are you alright?”

    Bobbi jumped at the sound of Fitz’s voice, her head snapping to face him. He was sitting on the floor, his head against the wall and his knees tucked to his chest. He looked tired, his arms resting on his knees, his eyes concerned. 

    “Fitz? What are you--”

    “I was just--”

    They heard voices outside and the opening and shutting of the front door. 

    “Well I guess everyone’s leaving,” Bobbi muttered. She looked at Fitz and he held her gaze, taking in the tear that was making a path down her cheek. He couldn’t remember ever seeing her cry.

    “Bobbi, I--”

    “I’m sorry, Fitz. I didn’t mean to barge in. I’ll just--” The words broke in a choked sob and she turned to pull the door open, attempting to hide her embarrassment and tears from Fitz. However, as she pulled at the handle, the door remained closed, the knob refusing to turn. Feeling like she was in a nightmare of some kind, stuck in a bathroom with her friend’s boyfriend after he had embarrassingly caught her crying, she shakily attempted to twist the lock. It, too, refused to let the door swing open.

    “That’s weird,” she whispered, her eyebrows drawing together as she continued to try and turn the doorknob. Suddenly, something clicked in Fitz’s mind and a tinge of panic crept onto his face.

    “Bobbi, how hard did you slam the door?”

    “I don’t know, hard.”

    Fitz stood up quickly and Bobbi backed away from the door. He grasped the handle and tried to twist it open. It refused to budge for him as well. 

    “Fitz?”

    He bit his lip as he yanked at the door. “Hang on.” 

    The door didn’t budge, almost laughing at them with its solidity.

    “Fitz, what’s going on,” Bobbi whispered, her tears from earlier drying up as panic set in.

    Fitz’s head fell against the door before he furiously yanked on the handle once more. 

    “I think you broke the lock when you slammed the door.”

    “So we’re--”

    “Yep. We’re stuck.”




Chapter End Notes
This is just a P.S.I'm a mess and haven't been able to reply to your lovely comments as fast as I have wanted to. I'm sorry if I have missed any of yours! I read them all and they mean so much I just always forget to reply, like a numpty. But I'm working on replying faster and making sure I don't miss any! Thanks again for reading!


The Lock-In
Chapter Notes
I'm so sorry this chapter is so freaking late (ya know by a week, no biggie) but school is a lot. Anyway it's here now. I've also updated the rating to T because of language, that I never really realized I used so much of, and implied content. Thanks for reading and enjoy the chapter.
P.S. This chapter's alternate title is Fitz & Bobbi Bonding Time




    Fitz sat with his back against the door, his legs outstretched, and his hand still clinging onto the bathroom door handle. Every now and again, he would shake it, mostly in frustration or boredom rather than with an actual purpose. Across from him, her back against the tile next to the shower alcove, Bobbi sat with her legs crossed, glaring at Fitz every time he yanked at the door. They hadn’t talked in ten minutes, having gone silent after tearing apart the room for a way out only to come up empty-handed. So they sat in staticky silence, broken every now again by the click click clunk of the door handle. 


    Apparently, this incident had happened before, Mack the first one to discover that slamming the door with a certain amount of force resulted in a broken lock. After marathoning Downton Abbey, he had raced Hunter to the bathroom and, to his misfortune, had won, slamming the door in Hunter’s face. The win had earned Mack two hours in the cold-tile room, Hunter wafting the smell of pizza through the small crack under the door while he waited for Fitz’s shift at the bar to end so the engineer could return home and free him. The key part of that incident, Fitz had informed Bobbi after slamming the medicine cabinet shut, was that he had been on the other side of the door. This allowed him to easily get the obstinate slab of wood open and jury-rig the lock back to normal, normal meaning just as crappy and faulty as before. None of them had bothered to get a better lock and so there was always the chance for another lock-in. Living life ‘the loft way,’ as they had put it, meaning living with the chance that a pipe could burst at any moment or you could get locked in the bathroom if you weren’t careful. Fitz’s and Bobbi’s current predicament seemed to be the punishment for that tidbit of past ‘loft way’ living.


    Fitz, normally quick on his feet, could not for the life of him mange to clear his head enough to solve the problem at hand. He hadn’t entered the bathroom with the highest spirits and ending up stuck in said bathroom only caused them to plummet further, resulting in a brain of tangled wires and tired bulbs. As time ticked on and each attempt at freedom failed he became more frustrated, not at the situation or Bobbi or the door, but at himself. Bobbi noticed him whispering more and more insults at himself under his breath as he raided the cabinets for anything useful, swearing outright when he couldn’t find anything that could help them. 


    They were stuck in a bathroom, all their friends were gone, and neither had their phone on them. Fitz had thrown his on his bed as he had gotten ready, not wanting to face the person who continued to call him, while Bobbi’s sat in her purse, which was all the way on the floor of the main room. Both of their significant others expected them to be late to the bar and wouldn’t begin worrying about where they had gone for at least an hour. The only thing left for them to do was sit and let their asses get sore from the tile until help arrived.


    Neither of them had been happy before they had been locked in their powder room prison and the longer they sat waiting for rescue the more their moods sunk. Searching for a way out had been a brief distraction from their sour moods but now there was nothing but sore backsides and awkward silence. The fact that Fitz had caught Bobbi crying at the start of the whole mess only added to the awkwardness that caused time to stretch for miles.  


    Bobbi didn’t cry in front of people and she was more embarrassed by the tears than by the door slamming that had gotten them stuck in the first place. As they sat facing each other but miles away, Bobbi could still feel the waterfall forming behind her eyes just wishing to break free and fall. But dammit, she was not going to cry in front of Fitz… again. 


    The rhythmic tapping of leaking water droplets hitting the shower floor incessantly behind her, Bobbi felt like if she didn’t say something soon she would go insane, the feeling growing after another clattering of the door handle gave her the urge to toilet paper Fitz’s face. She could tell that he felt as bad as she did that they were missing being there for Mack, the proof being the continued door handle pulling. With every clicky click clunk, her guilt over her door slamming and uncomfortable crying grew until she couldn’t take it anymore and she spoke. 


    “So, what brings you here?” she said far too brightly, wincing at the words as they left her mouth.


    To her surprise, Fitz let out a shallow laugh, his head lightly thumping against the door as he stared up at his handle-glued hand.


    “Oh, you know, pent up family drama and an unfortunate phone call. What about you?”


    She wanted to have him talk more about his family drama. He wasn’t what one would call an open book, at least not to anyone that wasn’t Jemma or a lifelong friend like Mack or Hunter and so it was a strange display of openness. It caused her eyebrows to raise and her curiosity to peek its head out from under her uncomfortable blanket of nerves. However, being stuck in a bathroom, they had plenty of time to circle back so she politely answered the question instead. “I fought with Hunter. And there’s no reason to give me that look, I know we do that a lot. I just… I don’t know.” Bobbi leaned her head back as well, bracing herself against the shivers brought about by the cold tile.


    “It felt different,” he prompted. 


    Bobbi’s shoulders slumped. “Yeah.”


    “I hate that. When it feels like the ground shifted under you and you can’t find your footing.”


    A look of complete understanding fell across his face without a shred of the horrible pity Bobbi dreaded, a surprisingly rare expression for most people to be able to make, and suddenly she understood why Jemma loved him so much. 


    “It’s worse when it was you who caused the shift,” she muttered back, ducking her head to watch her fingers pick at one another. 


    Fitz adjusted the placement of his head, his hand still glued firmly to the door handle which rattled with his movement. “What makes you say that?”


    “I couldn’t stop fidgeting with his damn tie,” Bobbi spat bitterly as her fingers mimicked a choking grip before falling gently to her side. Following Fitz, she heaved a great sigh and lightly hit her head against the tile behind her. “I just wanted to do something, to fix something, and his freaking tie was crooked. Then he ate the damn cereal and then the freaking beer and I just--” She huffed and bit the inside of her cheek before continuing, “I just wanted someone to be mad at and I took it out on him. Today I have been waiting on one phone call that determines my entire career. One phone call on a phone that hasn’t been ringing and that I now can’t get to if it does. But it’s not just that.”


    “What is it?”


    “If I don’t get the gig, I’ve lost one of the biggest opportunities of my life and if I do get the gig I might lose the other.” 



    A quizzical look fell over Fitz’s face. “What makes you say that?” 


    “It would take me to Paris for a few months. I can’t ask Hunter to come with me, though I know he would want to go, and the idea of long-distance is terrifying to me. I mean can you imagine Hunter in a long-distance relationship? It’s not that I don’t trust him, it’s just that I don’t know if it would work for us. Or hell, maybe distance is what will make us work. Maybe then I won’t accidentally strangle him with a tie.”


    Fitz’s eyes scanned her face and she could see him resist the urge to restlessly shake the door handle. He was silent but thoughtful as if prompting her to continue their odd bathroom therapy session.


    “Before you ask, I haven’t told him just exactly what the gig all means and, trust me, I feel terrible about it. I know I need to but I just don’t want to face that conversation right now if I don’t have to. So instead of dealing with my feelings like a normal person, I yell at him instead. You know, the guy who, granted was also on edge, but was just trying to be there for me, in his weird Hunterish way.” She closed her eyes and fought off the itchy feeling in her throat.


    “To be honest, I think your response is actually the typical one,” Fitz chuckled, a kind smile tugging at the corners of his lips. 


    The slight laugh that escaped her throat only weakened the damn of bottled up emotions and she swallowed hard, fighting them down.


    After a few beats of silence, Fitz sighed and spoke again, “You know, Bobbi, he’s an idiot and he can be a bloody asshole sometimes but he’s nothing if not understanding. I’ve known him since we were fifteen and, in all that time, I’ve never seen him just let go of something he loves. And bloody hell, Bobbi, does he love you.”


    Fitz’s friendship sent out a shockwave of emotion and it hit her squarely in the chest. Tears gurgled back to life in her throat, the fountain she had been blockading suddenly wishing to burst like the Bellagio water show. She ducked her head and pulled her knees to her chest, praying that she wasn’t being looked at. In her cocoon, she could just make out the sound of Fitz rattling the door handle again, not in an escape attempt or in an uncomfortable panic but rather to assure her he wasn’t watching. 


    After a minute, Bobbi was pulled from her cocoon by the sound of a dull thunk, a sharp inhale, and a self-deprecating groan. She looked up, catching Fitz rubbing his head with the hand that, for the past twenty minutes, had been attached to the door handle.


    “What was that?” she asked.


    “I--um-- My hand slipped and I sort of… okay fine, I hit myself in the head.” His cheeks tinted pink and he dropped his hand to his side. “So, I guess I kind of ruined the moment. Sorry.” The continuing spring of tears that had been coming up Bobbi’s throat transformed into a bubble of laughter. And once she started she couldn’t stop. With a sheepish grin, Fitz started laughing as well. It felt good to laugh, to laugh at everything, her tears, their situation, all of it. Her emotions had been stuck in a bottle and Fitz hitting himself in the head was like the cork popping with a thud, the laughter spilling out like champagne froth. 


    Though it was only a minute or two, they could have been laughing like that for days. 


    
Jemma was clicking her heels against the barstool and her eyes continually found her watch like it was a lighthouse and she was lost at sea. Perhaps she thought if she looked at it enough, Fitz would get there faster. Little did she know, it was the opposite that was true. The longer she waited for him, the longer it would be until he was freed. However, completely unaware of the fact that her boyfriend was back home stuck in a bathroom, Jemma sat and clicked her heels and stared at the ticking hands of the watch.


    
While Jemma checked her watch, Hunter checked the door. Chances were he’d get a crick in his neck with all the ping-ponging his head was doing. Bar to door, door to bar, back and forth until he was dizzy and frustrated and tired. God, he was tired. 


    
“Hey, party people!” Daisy slapped the shoulders of her friends, Hunter snapping his head back to the door instinctively while Jemma’s whipped back to her watch.


    
“Has Bobbi texted you at all?” Hunter asked, his eyes slowly tearing away from the bar’s entrance to land on Daisy’s face. His heart sank as her nose drew a horizontal line back and forth.


    “Maybe I should go and check on her. Ow, Daisy. Bloody hell!” 


    He quickly fell back onto the stool, rubbing the spot on his arm where Daisy had pinched him.


    “It’s really sweet that your worried about her, Hunter, but if she’s lollygagging maybe she just needs some space from you. It’s only been a little over forty minutes since you were yelling at each other. Just give her some time.”


    At that moment, Lincoln walked through the door of the bar. At the look of recognition on Daisy’s face, both Jemma and Hunter turned hoping it was who they had been waiting for. When it wasn’t, they both turned back to the bar with their heads hung low. As Daisy departed, Hunter’s head leaned further and hit the surface of the bar.


    “This was not how my night was supposed to go,” he said, his voice muffled by the bar.


    Jemma nodded slowly, her eyes wide but unfocused. “Tell me about it.”


    Lifting his head from the cool surface, Hunter turned to look at his roommate. For a second his face cleared of his worry and curiosity sat itself in its place.


    “What happened with you?”


    “Nothing with me. It’s Fitz.”


    “What happened with Fitz?” Hunter asked, eyebrows drawing together in concern 


    “I have no idea. That’s what’s got me worried. He gets a call this morning and just completely shuts down. Then he gets another one right before we were going to leave for The Playground and didn’t even answer it, just said he was going to be late to the bar and to go on without him. When I asked what was going on, he just escaped to his room to get ready. Wouldn’t tell me what the phone call was about or who it was with…” She trailed off, her eyes unfocusing once more as she thought back to that morning. “I’ve never seen him like that before. I mean I’ve seen him act in similar ways but never like that.”


    “Like how, Jemma?”


    She took a moment to try and find the word, biting her lip until it came to her.


    “Betrayed.” 


    Hunter’s eyes roved in his head for a moment, tracing the tracks of his thoughts before arriving at the station.


    “You should talk to him.” There was something in Hunter’s tone that signified recognition of a situation and Jemma nearly opened her mouth to ask what. Before she could, however, Hunter turned away and ordered a beer. Shockingly, it was the first one he had ordered that night.


    He was silent for a good chunk of time and Jemma watched as he picked at the beer bottle that had been placed in front of him. Something in his slumped shoulders and the gentle downturn of his mouth betrayed something more than worry. He was disappointed. Slumped shoulders and tired eyes, Hunter glanced at Mack who was talking excitedly with Daisy and Lincoln, his arm wrapped around Elena’s shoulders. The downturn of his lips ticked up ever so slightly and the creases in his forehead loosened.


    “At least Mack’s night is going well. He deserves a win after taking care of us kids for all this time.”


    Behind Mack, the door of the bar swung open and Hunter instinctively lifted his head a bit higher to check who had entered. When there was no Bobbi in sight, he turned back to his beer, his frown locking back into place. He could feel Jemma’s eyes on him but he kept his eyes straight ahead as he continued to talk.


    “My night’s been a bit shit if I’m being honest. I know it’s absolutely selfish of me to be such a downer on such an important day but I was an absolute idiot so why not add selfish into the mix. Probably what Bob’s thinking right now. How she’s dating a selfish man child.”


    Jemma saw something pass over Hunter’s face before he rubbed it away with his hand and put his forehead against his palm. He stared into his bottle and his eyebrows lifted as more words forced their way softly out of his mouth. 


    “I love her, you know. Bobbi. And I have no clue how to show her how much. I had a plan, big grand scheme and everything but… doesn’t matter. I just spent the entire day pissing her off, which went directly against the grand plan, but there’s no fixing that now. Well, anyway, Daisy’s right that I should just give her some space but all I want to do is go talk to her.”


    “Then talk to her.” 


    At her words, Hunter turned to face Jemma. He studied her for a split second before scoffing, turning back to face the wall of liquor behind the bar.


    “Can’t tonight, can I?”


    “Why not?”


    “She doesn’t want to talk to 

me. 

I mean did you hear how hard she slammed that door?”


    “You should at least try and talk to her tonight. And if she slams the door on you tonight, so be it. At least let her know that you want to talk about it so your not both stuck worrying about being mad at one another.”


    Hunter tucked his chin to his chest, taking a deep, audible breath.


    “Yeah. Stuck…” Suddenly, his head popped up like a gopher and his eyes went big and round.


    “Bloody hell!” he exclaimed, jumping off the barstool and throwing his jacket on in quick succession.


    Jemma stared at him as he fumbled in his pockets for his wallet, quickly paying before reaching for his keys.


    “Hunter, what’s wrong?”


    “I know what’s keeping Bobbi and maybe Fitz too.”


    Shouting a loud “be right back” to Mack and the rest of the group, Hunter ran out of the bar, Jemma hot on his heels. 


    Bobbi wiped the corners of her eyes, her heart suddenly feeling much lighter. Her and Fitz had been talking for many minutes, telling one another stupid storied and discussing embarrassing moments in their life. Fitz had taken the cake after telling the story about how he had once caught Hunter’s mum’s drapes on fire with a laser. He had put the fire out by throwing a glass of water on it. However, when he had gone to throw another glass to assure it was completely out, he instead accidentally dumped it straight onto Hunter’s head. Luckily it had been Hunter who had broken the vase in the ensuing brawl so he didn’t get the blame for that part of the incident. 


    Bobbi was still trying to control her giggles as she spoke, “I get it now.”


    “Get what?” 


    “Why Jemma loves you.”


    Fitz lifted his head away from the door, sitting up straighter as his gearbox brain sprung into motion at what Bobbi had just said.


    “Did she say that? That she loves me?”


    “Fitz,” Bobbi chuckled, her face softening as she took in his expression, “she didn’t have to. I mean, honestly, it’s the most obvious thing in the world.”


    “More like the most unbelievable,” he muttered. Bobbi shivered, and not from the slowly warming tile behind her back but at the strange, defeated look that flooded Fitz’s eyes.


    “Fitz?”


    He began to examine is slightly shaking hands in an attempt to avoid elaborating on the subject. He felt as though he had already said too much about himself, the isolating nature of the locked room luring him into speech. He had accidentally let slip that family issues going on, something he had even been holding back from Jemma, wishing to avoid looking weak or upset. Now he had given Bobbi a little window into his insecurities about not being good enough for the woman he loved so much.


    Much to his chagrin, Bobbi was not about to tolerate Fitz’s self-degradation and repeated his name to get his attention. 


    “Oh come on, Bobbi,” he snapped, “Jemma’s perfect. And I’m-- I’m me.”


    “What do you--”


    “I don’t deserve her. I’m just not… not good enough for her.” He said the last part quietly and felt his heart drop to the pit of his stomach. Well, now it was out there, the pesky feeling that had plagued him for as long as he could remember. Sensing Bobbi’s sorrowful stare, his eyes refused to look up at her, choosing instead to focus on the palm of his hand as he began to massage it with his thumb, attempting to diminish its shaking.


    To his surprise, instead of trying to avoid him, Bobbi leaned forward, resting one of her hands on her knee as she extended the other out towards him. Her hand gently fell on his outstretched calf, close to his ankle, as her eyes focused intently on him until he couldn’t help but look up, still not quite meeting her eyes.


    “First, what you just said is completely untrue, and second, she chose you, Fitz. And that’s all that matters. Jemma doesn’t just pick something wildly. I’ve seen her spend half an hour trying to pick out which soap to buy. Trust me, you weren’t some random pick. As Hunter would say, you two are so perfect for each other it makes everyone a bit nauseous.”


    Fitz’s cheeks went pink and he ducked his head, obviously trying to find a grip on his thoughts. They sat in silence for a minute before Bobbi scooted closer to him and gently shook his outstretched foot. 


    “Fitz, look at me. I have never seen Jemma so happy before in my life and I was there when she got to meet Jane Goodall. Now as for you not being good enough for her, I have definite proof that you are, indeed, good enough for Jemma.”


    “And what proof is that,” he scoffed, once again leaning his head against the door.


    “The checklist.”


    “The what?” 


    Bobbi nodded as she shifted back to her own casual sitting spot against the shower alcove. “The foolproof checklist. Daisy and I made it forever ago. Now it’s pretty much in our heads but I’m pretty sure the original is in a notebook somewhere.”


    “And what exactly is this checklist?” Fitz asked, rising to the bait.


    “Do you remember what Daisy and I said to the three of you the first time we all met?”


    “I believe there was some sort of threat on our lives.”


    “There was. I also told you that Jemma was the kindest person on the planet, which she is, but sometimes she gets her heart broken because of it. So, Daisy and I came up with a checklist for new people that entered Jemma’s life, mostly boyfriends, but, three male roommates called for it. It’s a positive list. Once they hit a certain amount of checkmarks, then they are approved as being worthy of Jemma Simmons.”


    Fitz swallowed nervously as he picked on a loose thread in his shirt sleeve. “Did you have one for me.”


    “Yep,” Bobbi said, popping the “p” at the end of the word.


    “And?”


    “Now normally, Fitz, it takes a guy a while to get any checkmarks, even if we like him because he needs to fit Jemma more than he needs to fit us. Some guys barely get any marks at all. And I don’t think anyone has ever gotten all of them. Until you.


    Fitz scoffed but it did nothing to hide the obvious smile that tried to work onto his face. 


    “Sure,” he said, ducking his chin to his chest, his eyes returning to his hands. 


    “I’m not lying, Fitz. Now, guess how many days it took you to get the required amount to be deemed worthy?"


    “How many?” he asked shyly, his eyes barely looking up at her. 


    “None. It took the first night we met you.”


    His widening eyes shot up to meet hers, his mouth falling open slightly.


    “But--”


    “We knew, Fitz. The way you looked at her, the way the two of you talked. It took you that first night to get the required ten and you checked all twenty of the boxes in under a week. It all just clicked into place. I have never seen Jemma talk to someone like that and I've known her for years. She loves you and you love her. Now all you two need to do is say it to each other, but I won’t rush you on that. So, Fitz, I don't doubt for a second that the two of you belong together.” She smiled at him softly and her eyes took on a fierce look as she continued, “Now I don’t know what makes you think you aren’t worthy, but just know that you are. You’re a good man, Fitz, and if ever there was a man that deserved Jemma Simmons it would be you.”


    Fitz sniffed, twitching his nose to rein back tears. The last bit of static in the room dissipated and they both breathed a little easier.


    “Thank you, Bobbi.”


    “Anytime. Maybe it wasn’t a bad thing I broke the door. Okay, nope, fine. It’s still not the best situation, but--”


    “Fitz? Fitz, are you here?”


    Fitz and Bobbi jumped to their feet at the sound of Jemma’s voice and rattling keys. 


    “Jemma! We’re stuck in the bathroom!”


    “What?” Jemma yelled incredulously, “I can’t believe Hunter was right!” They could hear the clicking of her heels heading for the door.


    “Ouch Simmons. Bob, you in there too?” Hunter’s purposeful stride could be heard right behind Jemma’s clicking. 


    “Yeah!”


    “Hunter, it was the lock!” Fitz shouted, shaking the door handle for emphasis.


    “Oh, bloody hell, I knew it. I did say we should fix the lock,” Hunter chided, his shoulder leaning against the door.


    “No, you didn’t. You were the one--”


    “Was too. Said it didn’t I. I said--”


    “Who wanted to leave it. Said it wasn’t--”


    “We should really change the lock--”


    “A big deal!”


    “Boys!” Jemma cut them off and they both quickly bit back their next points of argument.  



    Jemma pushed Hunter out of the way and leaned her head against the door. 


    “What’s the plan, Fitz?”


    “I don’t think there’s any salvaging the lock this time,” he said sadly, leaning his own head against the door. If the door hadn’t been there, he and Jemma would be standing temple to temple. “I think it’s best if we just take the door off.”


    “Alright then. Is the toolbox still in your room?” 


    “Yeah. It’s still on--”


    “The desk,” Jemma finished and Fitz smiled. “Alright, darling, be right back.”


    From inside the bathroom, they could hear Jemma open the door to Fitz’s room and scour for the toolbox.


    “You alright, Bobbi? I was worried when you didn’t show up.” Hunter said, the concern in his voice sounding clearly through the wood of the door.


    “Yeah, I’m alright. Hunter, I’m really sorry about today--”


    “Hey,” he interrupted, the word a soothing woosh, “It’s okay. It was my fault too.” 


    Down the hall, a phone rang and its persistent ring mixed with the clicking of Jemma’s heels as she returned with the toolbox. It took Bobbi a few seconds to process that it was her phone that was ringing, but when she did she inhaled sharply, her eyes going to Fitz and back to the door.


    “Hunter--,” Bobbi urged, worry working its way into the pit of her stomach.


    “Yeah, I got it. Hang on.” Hunter’s feet creaked against the floor, the world somehow quieting to his footsteps and the blaring marimba of her ringtone.


    “Jemma, please can you get this door open!” Bobbi rushed, her normally calm demeanor having been fractured long ago by the slamming of said door.


    “I’m working on it. I have to take the hinges off so give me second.” Jemma exhaled sharply and Fitz couldn’t help but grin at the little huff of air. He could see Jemma blowing her hair out of her face so clearly the door could have been glass.


    The thump of a shoulder against the door signaled Hunter’s return and Bobbi drew in a breath of knives as he informed her that the caller was her agent. Fitz placed his hand reassuringly on Bobbi’s arm, the small gesture helping her take a deeper, more soothing breath to calm her hammering heart.


    After what felt like eons, the door finally fell off the hinges and allowed for their escape. Bobbi quickly rushed out of the room, kissed Hunter on the cheek, and took the phone while Fitz gently embraced Jemma.


    She lifted her head from his blue-button down and swiped her thumb across his cheekbone. “Thank goodness you’re alright, Fitz. I was so worried when you didn’t show up at the bar, especially after before-- Fitz? Is something wrong?”


    His eyes were a swimming blue and Jemma’s breath hitched at the little uptick of his lips.


    “No,” he breathed, swiping away the pesky strand of hair that fell into her eyes with his nimble fingers, “Everything’s fine now that you’ve saved me. You’re my hero.” 


    Jemma let out a chime of laughter and buried her head into his chest as he wrapped his arms tightly around her. Whatever he and Bobbi had talked about had shifted his mood and Jemma was anxious to find out what exactly was so clearly bothering him. Just as she lifted her head to ask, there was a very loud intake of breath and a rush of thank you’s from the living room. 


    Fitz and Jemma quickly walked to meet Bobbi and Hunter. They entered right as Bobbi lifted the phone away from her ear and ended the call. Her eyes were bright and her mouth was slightly open as she looked at Hunter directly. 


    “Well?” Hunter asked, hope dancing in his eyes.


    “I got it. I got the job.” Bobbi’s voice was just above a whisper but Hunter’s whoop shook the room. He ran to her and spun her, causing their earlier fight to fling out the window before they both settled in each other’s arms.


    “I knew you would! I’m so proud of you,” Hunter whispered the last part into her hair and Bobbi clung tighter to his neck. Only Fitz could decipher the little nagging bit of worry that hung in her happiness. 


    “Drinks!” Hunter called suddenly, facing Fitz and Jemma but with his arm still around Bobbi’s waist. “Come on you lot, let’s get a move on. We told Mack we’d be right back with the bathroom buddies in tow.”


    “Don’t ever say bathroom buddies again,” Fitz grumbled as he took Jemma’s hand and followed Hunter and Bobbi out the door. 


    
The rest of the night was filled with laughter and celebratory chanting, which was led mostly by Daisy and a supportive Lincoln. The night was bright and smelled of rain and everyone’s spirits appeared to be high. That was why, after returning home and getting ready for bed, Hunter was so confused by the troubled look on Bobbi’s face. 


    
After brushing his teeth, Hunter returned to his room to find her sitting cross-legged on his bed, blonde hair pulled back into a braid and her fingers fidgeting with her socks. It appeared she had been waiting for him.


    
“Bob? Are you alright?” he asked, striding over to sit by her. She tried to smile but it faltered and all she could manage to do was cup his face in her hands.


    
“Bobbi--”


    
“I need to talk to you.” The words were quick and jumbled and she let go of his face to fidget once more.


    
“Okaayy. About what?”


    
“About the job.”


    
“What about it?” Hunter was startled by the pulling teeth nature of the conversation, the feeling slowly digging a pit to hollow out his stomach.


    
“I told you how important it was but I didn’t tell you what it involved.”


    
“Well, what does it involve? Bobbi?”


    
“It involves me leaving.”


    
“Leaving? Leaving where? For how long? Bobbi, will you please just tell me all of it.”


    
She breathed heavily and stood up from the bed to face him as his feet hit the floor but he remained sitting. “The job is incredible. It’s like fifteen gigs in one. In Paris. But… but it means that I’m going to be gone for a few months.”


    
Hunter’s eyes roamed over her face and the pit in his stomach bottomed out. 


    
“Oh… Well, I could go with you or--”


    
“I can’t ask you to do that, Hunter. You can’t just take all that time off work and your life--”


    
“You are my life, Bob.”


    
He had said it so quietly she had almost missed it. But she had heard it and it just made everything harder.


    
“Hunter…”


    “No, Bobbi, listen to me. I know what your thinking, how in the hell can Lance Hunter manage a long-distance relationship, but Bobbi we can do this. I mean, we’re in love right. We said it to each other and everything and who in God’s name thought we’d manage that. This is scary but this job is your dream and you’re mine so a little long-distance is nothing.”


    Those pesky tears Bobbi had been fighting threatened to spring back up but she swallowed them down, shaking her head back and forth. At the motion, Hunter’s face fell and his heart hammered forcefully in his chest as if it sensed it was close to breaking. But Bobbi meant something else by the shaking.


    “You’re wrong, Hunter. About my dream. You’re my dream too.”


    He sighed loudly in relief and picked himself up from the bed, walking over to her.


    “So, we’re doing this? This whole long-distance thing?”


    Bobbi nodded before wrapping her arms around his neck, savoring the minty smell of toothpaste and the warmth that radiated out from his skin.


    “You sure it will be alright?” Bobbi muttered into his shoulder.


    “Yeah…” he responded clearly, though his mind drifted to the little velvet box and his heart sank ever so slightly, “what’s a few months anyway?”


    Fitz’s heart was like a steady drum in her ear and Jemma sighed softly as she followed its steady rhythm. He pressed a kiss to her hairline as she slowly drew circles with her finger across his rising and falling chest. Oh, how she loved him.


    
“Jemma?” 


    
She looked up to find his face, the soft glow of her bedside lamp turning stands of his hair into gold. “Yes, Fitz?”


    
“Do you know about Daisy and Bobbi’s checklist?”


    
Jemma groaned and hid her face against Fitz’s chest, “You found out about that?”


    
“Yeah, Bobbi told me.”


    
Jemma’s eyes snapped up to meet Fitz’s as her mouth formed a little “o” in surprise.


    
“She did?”


    
“Yeah, gave me my results.”


    
To Fitz’s surprise, and somewhat disappointment, Jemma lifted herself off of him and sat up to face him. 


    
“Wait, she what? I don’t even get the results. What were they?”


    
“Well if you don’t get to know them, then I can’t tell you,” Fitz said, sitting up against the headboard as well. Jemma scoffed through a smile as she analyzed her boyfriend.


    
“Fine then. Will you at least tell me how you managed to get her to tell you about the list in the first place.”


    
His chest rose and fell a little more rapidly and Jemma could see him looking for what he wanted to say. Finally, he found the words, taking her hand in his as he began to speak.


    
“I said that I didn’t deserve you.”


    
Jemma’s brow furrowed and the mood of the room shifted suddenly, her heart hurting as she looked into the face of the man who she loved so much. How could he believe he didn’t deserve her. 


    
“Fitz. Why on Earth would you think that?”


    
He shrugged, biting his lip. Courage slowly flooded him as he closed his eyes and took a deep breath.


    
“You know that phone call I got earlier today?”


    
“Yes,” Jemma replied, glad that they were finally broaching the topic.


    
“It was from my mum.”


    
“What did she need? Is she alright?”


    
He nodded, wiping his hand in the air as if swiping away the question, “Yeah, she’s fine. She just called to tell me about something she found out.”


    
“And what was that, Fitz?”


    
“My dad’s sick.”


    
Jemma scanned over Fitz’s face and gently squeezed his hand. She didn’t really know what to say, not knowing enough about the situation to completely gauge how Fitz was feeling. All she could do was show she would be there for him no matter what, conveying it by wrapping his hand tighter in both of hers. Blue eyes met brown and he took another deep breath before continuing.


    
“I don’t talk about him much. Don’t like to.”


    
“Fitz, you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to--”


    
“I want to, Jemma. Besides, today proved that being open with feelings apparently keeps a person from being locked in a bathroom so--”


    
“Fitz.” Jemma tilted her head at the joke and he smiled lightly, though it faded away when he spoke again.


    
“We need to be honest with each other about how we’re feeling and about our lives. My dad, he’s a part of my life I don’t like to think about or talk about but I want you to know about it because-- I want you to know me.”


    Jemma continued to hold his hand tightly and her eyes were steady with comfort and kindness and the look urged him to continue on.


    “My dad left when I was ten. Always bothered me how upset I was about it, how much I wanted him to come back. I know I was just a kid but still doesn’t change how mad I get at myself. It makes my blood boil to think of all those times I yelled at my mum when she pulled me away from the windows, reminding me that he wasn’t coming back or when his voice pops into my head so clearly it’s as if he’s behind me, telling me how useless I am, how stupid, how undeserving.”


    Fitz sighed and Jemma’s eyes bubbled with tears as her own blood began to boil. Fitz had only been talking for a minute and already Jemma hated the man that put that look on his face. 


    “I had my mum though,” he continued and a smile wrestled onto his face. “That’s all I needed in the end. Not saying my dad doesn’t haunt us both because he does and I’ll forever damn him to hell for it, but I refuse to let him take away that bit of light from me. That’s why I was so upset when she started talking about him. I get overprotective when it comes to my mum and I couldn’t stand the idea of her talking to him or talking about him. Need to call her and apologize but anyway. Somehow he got my number, maybe my mum gave it to him, I don’t know. Anyway, he has been trying to get in touch, not sure why, though. Probably plagued by a dying man’s guilt. Part of me wants to never see him again and the other part of me wants to tell him about all the things I have achieved without him in my life. Because I’ve achieved so much without him and his insults and jibes and abuse. My life is good and it was good without him.” 


    All the bottled up emotions of the day, and perhaps longer, spilled over and Fitz’s ocean eyes splashed a wave of saltwater onto his cheek. As he made to wipe the bitter tears away, Jemma beat him to it. Her hand was soft and warm against his stubble and she kissed the corner of his mouth so gently that Fitz felt like he was floating. There were no words needed as Jemma laid back down on his chest, the kiss he pressed to her mouth and her kiss in return said all that needed to be said. 


    In spite of the scars that his father left upon him, scars he would continue to fight, Fitz’s life was good. He had a mum who loved him and taught him to be kind and honest and understanding. He had friends that loved him, that stuffed napkins up their nose in protest and raced in roller skates and who always had his back, who whooped loudly to spite judgemental onlookers and sat and had heart to hearts on bathroom floors. And he had Jemma. Jemma who made him laugh, who debated science with him, who made a melon-headed version of himself when she was bored and clicked her heels when she was nervous. Jemma who had no idea how to improvise and owned far too many hats. Jemma who had come into his life when he felt like he was destined to be permanently heartbroken and lit up his entire life, drenching the loft in her sunshine the moment she entered it. Jemma who drowned out the voice in his head that told him he wasn’t good enough, replacing it with affection and encouragement and pride. 


    Jemma Simmons who he loved and would love forever. 




The Three Words




It’s not every day that one gets to meet a celebrity after nearly getting run over by a car. However, it does happen on occasion and for Jemma Simmons and Daisy Johnson, it happened on a completely average Saturday morning outside a Target.  


They had gone to grab some essentials, toothpaste and the like, but ended up exiting the store with seven bags split between them, the contents of which they couldn’t completely remember, but Jemma was still sure she was forgetting something.


“Are you sure we got the deodorant? Ugh! Maybe we forgot the printer paper. I swear we left something off the list!” Jemma was trying to look in the reusable bags she was carrying but she kept veering off the pavement from the weight being thrown off balance. Daisy let out an exasperated sigh as she pulled her friend back onto the sidewalk just outside the front entrance. 


“We got everything and plus some, Jemma. I mean did you really need to get a new set of mugs with different animals on the sides?”


“One had a monkey on it,” Jemma muttered, finally giving up on trying to find Mack’s deodorant. “Besides, you already claimed the elephant.”


“The handle was a trunk! That’s freaking adorable!” 


Daisy jerked her head to the side to get her windswept hair out of her face, spluttering as it got in her mouth. Jemma rolled her eyes, looked both ways, and stepped out onto the crosswalk. Daisy, still trying to breathe through hair, nearly tripped on the curb, holding Jemma back for just a second as she flailed for support. In the small window of time where Jemma was paused on the block of white paint and Daisy was stepping off the curb, a shiny black Volvo sped around straight towards them, quickly coming to a screeching halt right in front of the two and narrowly avoiding a painful collision. 


After recovering from the immediate shock, Daisy began her best attempt at beating Fitz’s record for the number of expletives in a single breath while Jemma blinked at the black SUV, trying and failing to will her brain back into gear. The driver exited his car quickly, apologizing profusely for nearly hitting them. He began to explain what had been distracting him and said that he had a way to make up for his lapse in driving safety. Daisy was cut off mid-eye-roll as the driver gave him his offer. It left them in near shock, Jemma having to jolt herself back into enough awareness to accept the offer for both her and Daisy, who was now the one frozen with her mouth hanging open. The driver smiled gratefully for the acceptance, apologized again, and drove off, leaving Jemma once again stuck where she stood, staring as the shiny black car became a speck in the distance.


When they had finally regained their wits, helped by a very loud car horn, they jumped into Jemma’s car and drove in shocked silence until Daisy broke it with a very loud, and very excited, yell, “Holy shit!”


She repeated the phrase, somehow louder, as she entered the loft. 


They were an explosion of jangling keys and blaring swear words as they burst through the door. Daisy, who entered in the lead, had her arms raised high in the air as she shouted her presence. Hunter, who was closest to the door when the attack of voices arrived, nearly found the open beamed ceiling with his head while Fitz and Mack took a different approach and ducked.


“Holy hell! Whatever happened to inside voices!” Hunter bellowed, his hands over his ears. The reaction did not quell the two new arrivals and their voices continued to overlap. Jemma was so filled with excitement that her feet barely hit the ground as she rushed to Fitz. Finally, after earning wide, confused eyes at their overlapping words, Daisy gestured for Jemma to complete the story, though she still couldn’t help but quake with silent excitement. 


Jemma turned her glimmering eyes directly to Fitz as she began to retell their tale. 


“You will never believe what happened to us at Target!”


“You actually purchased only what you went there for,” Hunter guessed unhelpfully. 


“Of course not! But that doesn’t matter. We were leaving the store when this car sped over and nearly hit us on the crosswalk. Then--”


“Wait,” Fitz cut her off, his eyebrows shooting up his forehead in concern, “You got hit by a car! Are you okay?” He ran his hands down her arms, checking her for scrapes and bruises, causing Jemma to let out a sweetened sigh. 


“I said nearly, Fitz, and that part of the story is unimportant.”


“Feels important,” Mack mumbled and Fitz nodded his agreement.


Daisy’s shoulders dropped with a little huff but the burning smile remained on her face. “Wait until you hear the rest of it. Come on, Jems, tell them.”


Jemma turned back to the group as a wide grin spread across her face. “So then the driver gets out, apologizes, and tells us that his employer is throwing this big fancy party and that, to make up for everything, he would get us on the guest list.”


Hunter folded his arms with suspicion as his eyebrows drew together. “Exactly whose big fancy party did you get invited to?”       


“That’s the amazing part! Tell them, Jemma!” Daisy squealed. 


“The party is being thrown by Thor Odinson.”


The boys froze as shock drained their faces of color. Fitz looked close to passing out.


“Did--Did you say Thor Odinson,” Fitz stuttered, his eyes bouncing between Jemma and Daisy. Mack’s jaw was off its hinges while Hunter had to pull himself together for clarification.


“Like the rock God, Thor Odinson?” Hunter added. 


Jemma nodded, her head nearly popping off her neck, while Daisy squealed again. 


“Bloody hell! Thor Odinson! You know, Fitz and I once performed one of his songs at school.”


Jemma’s eyes widened to saucers, a brilliant smile stretching over her face. 


“You didn’t.”


“We didn’t,” Fitz stressed, shaking his head before glaring at Hunter.


“Oh, there’s photographic evidence,” Mack added helpfully and Fitz’s chin dropped to his chest in irritation. 


“Evidence that has been burned,” he corrected, catching the mischievous look on Daisy’s face as he picked up his head. He could tell just by the look in her eyes that she had already been thinking of a thousand ways to obtain those photos. 


“What about the one at your mum’s--”


“All evidence has been burned!”


“I want to see the photos,” Jemma said coyly, sticking out her bottom lip in a pretend pout. 


Fitz shook his head, “No you don’t.”


“Can you at least give us a live reunion concert?” 


“No, Jemma. No one wants that,” Fitz chuckled.


“Oh we’ll get that reunion concert,” Daisy teased before exploding into an earthquake of noise, “But first, we’re going to a party at Thor’s house!”



“You guys suck,” Bobbi said through Daisy’s laptop. Her bright smile betrayed the happy nature of her words and morphed the jealousy into joy. 


Daisy grinned back, radiating excitement. Her hair was up in a fancy knot and sparkly purple shadow coated her eyelids. She was as purposefully effortless as always. “Chances are we won’t even get to see him but still it's pretty awesome!” she said, tucking another piece of hair into place with a bobby pin, using the tiny window on the screen that showed her reflection as a mirror.  


“She keeps saying that to make us feel better,” Fitz said, leaning across Daisy to roll his eyes at Bobbi. 


“I am not. It’s a big party. Chances are good that he never even--”


Behind them there was a loud crash as Hunter fell on his face in his roller skates, his attempt at startling Daisy and Fitz ruined, instead causing Daisy to dissolve into laughter.


“Babe, what the hell are you doing?” Bobbi asked, breaking through Daisy’s fit of giggles and Fitz’s exasperated sigh.


“Turns out Thor’s people don’t give out invitations to the roommates of people they nearly hit with their cars so I’m keeping myself occupied.” 


“By roller skating?”


 “We’re playing roller skate basketball,” Mack contributed, rolling up behind the couch with far more grace than Hunter.


Daisy turned, her arm draped on the back of the couch, “I thought roller ball was banned?”


“Well we weren’t going to play it until you and Jemma left--”


“Play what?” 


“Nothing,” all three men said in unison as Jemma entered the room. She was wearing a dark red jacket over a white high neckline blouse paired with leather pants. Fitz’s eyes widened and a dopey smile fell across his face. Daisy had to snap her fingers in front of his eyes to bring him back to Earth.


“Wait, are you in roller skates? How many lamps does it take for the roller ball ban to make sense to you three?”


“Fitz, quick mate, push me away so she can’t catch me.” 


Instead, Fitz just pushed him down. Mack laughed slightly too early, Hunter retaliating with a strong-armed pull the moment the laugh left Mack’s mouth, causing him to meet the floor with a thud. 


Biting back a smile, Jemma turned her attention to her boyfriend. “Are you wearing them as well?”


“No,” he blurted. Daisy bent down and forcefully picked up Fitz’s leg by the calf, raising it over the coffee table and revealing a roller-clad foot. Hunter picked himself off the ground and rested his chin on the back of the couch between Daisy and Fitz, his face morphing into a smirk. However, it was wiped away quickly with a whack of a well-aimed pillow brought to him by Fitz.


“I’m not lifting my ban,” Jemma continued, “but I can’t exactly stop the three of you. Just don’t play near—”


“Any lamps,” the three chimed in unison.


Jemma’s eyes shimmered at them before falling onto her watch.


“It’s eight o’clock. The limo should be here any second.”


“We’ll see you off,” Fitz said, standing up and rolling over to her. 


“Well, I’ll leave you guys to Thor,” Bobbi sighed, “Have fun and you three don’t do anything stupid.”


“Bye, Bobbi!”


“Love you, Bob!”


With a badoop sound, Bobbi’s face disappeared off the screen and a small bit of electrified silence filled the room. Daisy closed her laptop before going and getting her purse while the boys removed their rollerskates, deciding it was safer if they went downstairs and outside without wheels strapped to their feet. 


When they had all made it downstairs there was a long black limo waiting for them. Daisy and Jemma began to jump in unison as the driver opened the door for them. Their faces nearly overflowed with anticipation. 


Daisy hopped in first and immediately went for the bottle of champagne, holding it out in front of herself to examine the label. Jemma climbed in after and the door shut with a thud. She quickly rolled down the window while Daisy searched for glasses to fill up with champagne. While the driver walked around the limo to get to the wheel, Jemma leaned out the window to talk to the boys, who were trying their best not to show a bit of jealousy. 


“The inside of this limo is as long as my room is wide!” Jemma bubbled, her dark lined eyes glimmering in the light cascading down from the apartment building.


Fitz leaned over to the car, his face gently laced with love and his eyes a swimming blue. He chuckled at Jemma as she lifted her face up to his with a look of sheer excitement. The engine of the limo roared to life and everyone’s attention quickly went to the front of the car before going back to where Jemma was, her head slightly out the window.


Fitz pressed a quick kiss to Jemma’s lips before backing slightly away from the car.


“Alright be safe.”


“I will, Fitz.”


“Okay. I love you.”


Fitz’s neck stuck out slightly, his eyes bugging out, and his mouth became a desert in under a second. Jemma, on the other hand, quickly became a block of ice, her head ticked slightly to the side and a shocked expression on her face. Her brain having gone into utter shock, her hands reacted without her direct consent, forming finger guns through the window before the limo drove off. 


Fitz’s feet were cemented into the pavement as his brain tried to catch up to what he had just done. Hunter breathed in through his teeth, grimacing at his friend while Mack patted Fitz on the shoulder.


“Come on, Turbo. Let’s go process upstairs.”



“Oh my God,” Jemma muttered as Daisy popped open the bottle of champagne, “Did Fitz just tell me he loved me for the first time?”


“Yes, he did.”


“And did I give him finger guns back?”


“Yes, you did.”


Jemma groaned loudly, tucking her chin to her chest and bringing her hands up to cover her face.


“Oh my God!”


“Yeah, you’re going to want to drink this.” Daisy forced the glass into Jemma’s hand before taking a large gulp of her own.


“Oh my God, Daisy! I can’t believe I did that!”


“You were just thrown off guard,” Daisy said with as much care as she could.


“Oh no. Ugh! I love him and I apparently encoded my response in finger guns! Oh my God!”


“Jemma, you’re spinning. I’m sure Fitz knows that you love him and that you were just in shock. I bet you that right now they’re probably back at the loft laughing while playing roller ball. Trust me, Fitz is fine.”



Fitz was not fine. He was very far from fine. While Daisy and Jemma were on their way to Thor’s party, he was lying on the floor of the main room, facing the ceiling with his hands over his face, while Mack and Hunter sat on the coffee table looking down at him.


“It could have been worse,” Mack tried to comfort, though his face was tugged into a small grimace.


“Yeah, she could have said thank you or something. Instead, she just didn’t say anything… and gave you finger guns.”


Fitz groaned loudly as he pressed his palms further into his eyes.


“Why the hell did I say it!”


“Well, you’ve wanted to for a long time, Turbo.”


“I mean you told us you loved her ages ago.”


Fitz sat up, his head pounding from the sudden movement, “Of course I’ve wanted to say it. Not like that though! It just sort of fell out of my mouth. She just looked so beautiful and she was so excited--” He fell back onto the floor again with another drawn-out groan, his head repeatedly thunking against the wood.


Mack looked to Hunter for some idea of what to say, tucking his shoulders to his ears.


“Well…” Hunter drew out, his eyebrows climbing up his forehead, “you could just take it back and do a do-over.”


Mack’s eyebrows scrunched together, his eyes narrowing at Hunter who held his hands up in defense.


“It’s just an option! I don’t mean take back that you love her, just say it better--not better but clearer--better setting-- you know what I’m not winning with either of you.”


“Maybe Hunter has a point,” Fitz started, stopping the repeated slamming of his head and once again picking himself up into a sitting position, “maybe I just take it back and try again.”


Mack swung his head back and forth. Ever since Jemma had arrived, he had relaxed out of the position as the voice of reason. Now, however, he would have to try and take up the mantle once again. Clearly, he was failing.


“You can’t just take it back.”


“Sure you can,” Hunter exclaimed, “Just say, ‘I take it back,’ and then wait to say it better.” A dangerously foolhardy look fell over Hunter’s face, one that would make Daisy proud, as an idea formed at the front of his mind. “In fact… we could crash Thor’s party and do it now if we wanted to.”


“Hunter, you’re an idiot. There’s no way in hell we’re doing that.”


Ten minutes later, they were piled into the car, Hunter in the driver’s seat exuding recklessness while Fitz sat like a prisoner in the passenger's seat. Meanwhile, Mack was in the back wondering how the hell he had gotten to this exact point in his life, crammed into the backseat of a car on a mission to crash the party of Thor Odinson. So much for being the voice of reason.



Jemma tried her best to be excited but she couldn’t help that her thoughts continued to drift back to Fitz, his look of pure fear etched onto the back of her eyes. She had wanted to say it, wanted to say it so bad it hurt. Yet all she had done was end up as frozen as she had been when the car had nearly hit her and Daisy. She was scared, she knew that. She had never loved someone as much as she loved Fitz and telling him then and there had appeared so nerve-wracking. She knew if she had a do-over she would tell him, tell him she loved him more than anything. Currently, however, she was in the middle of a loud and increasingly warming room with no idea of what to do. 


Not being able to take the blaring music anymore, Jemma informed Daisy, shouting over the wall-shaking sound system, that she would be outside in the garden. Daisy gave her a thumbs up, telling her she would stay where she was so Jemma could find her again.


When she finally made it outside, she took a deep cleansing breath. The air smelled of flowers and there was a quiet hush of trees. She made her way to an iron-wrought bench near the privacy hedge, sitting down with a little huff and let herself drift into her swirling mind. Lost in thought, it took her a moment to fully make out the sound of voices coming from the other side of the hedge. For some reason, they sounded awfully familiar.


“This is the stupidest shit we have ever done,” said one of the voices in a deep whisper.


“Please, mate, we’ve done much stupider than this. Now stop moving, I’ve almost got it.” There was a loud crash and Jemma quickly stood up from the bench and turned to face the noise behind her.


“Hello?” she called as she tried to look through the dense hedging.


A quick yelp came from the dense greenery along with another crash. “Jemma?”


There was no mistaking that gentle lilt to her name. “Fitz?”


The leaves of the hedge rustled violently until finally, a body jumped over the top, landing haphazardly on the ground with a small groan.


“Oh my God, Fitz! Are you okay?” Jemma rushed over to where Fitz had landed, helping him stand up as another body fell with even less grace almost exactly where Fitz had been.


“Yeah, ’m right as rain,” he grumbled, arching his back to try and stretch out the pain every so slightly.


Mack landed with a slightly unbalanced thud, but at least on his feet while Hunter jumped up from the ground, dusting off his put together party clothes.


It took a moment for Jemma to fully process what had just happened, her hands on Fitz’s shoulder and arm as she looked between the three men, all of them just having fallen over and through a privacy hedge. Hunter still had twigs in his hair. Finally, her mind caught up to what was happening.


“What the hell are the three of you doing?” Jemma demanded, her hands dropping away from Fitz. They at least had the sense to look a little abashed.


“Fitz needed to talk to you,” Hunter rushed before he and Mack ran into the house, hoping to avoid the wrath of Jemma Simmons.


Fitz stared at his shoes, his eyes pinned to the laces while Jemma took him in. He had taken a step back from her, giving her some needed space and he was biting his lip.


“Fitz, what in heaven’s name where the three of you thinking? You do realize whose garden you just jumped into?”


“Technically, I fell into it.”


Jemma had to bite the inside of her cheek to stop from smiling. Now was not the time to take in how cute he looked. At least they had dressed for the occasion, wearing nice suits. Jemma noticed he was wearing the navy tie that he wore to Radcliffe’s wedding all that time ago, the one that brought out his eyes and had matched her blue dress.   


“Jemma-- listen. About earlier--”


“It’s okay, Fitz. I don’t know what happened. That was not how I meant to respond--”


“Jem, it’s alright I shouldn’t have--”


“You just put me on the spot is all. And--”


“Really, it’s okay! I take it back.”


Jemma stopped, her face twitching slightly in surprise. “You what?”


His eyes bugged out again and a pink tint began to run from his shirt collar up his neck. “Yeah, I take it back, you know, never happened. Do-over. Just forget--”


“You take it back? Like you didn’t mean it or--” she stuttered, trying to read his face. He was so nervous. Really, his face was more of an ‘oh my God, what the hell am I saying? I’m putting my foot in my mouth, deer in the headlights' kind of face. 


“No! I just--”


Suddenly there was a sound of footsteps to the right of them and a warm voice calmly spoke from the shadows, “Hello.”


Fitz and Jemma spun to face the voice and for the third time that day, Jemma froze and Fitz nearly passed out. There in front of them stood a patient Thor Odinson, a handsome smile placed gently on his face.


“Sorry, you can freak out for a second. No worries.”


And with that Jemma began to hyperventilate, shaking her hands as she tried to get control of herself, while Fitz screamed so loudly and so forcefully it was like he had just been jumpscared. 


When they finally recovered from the initial shock, they sat side by side on the bench, the large form of Thor in the middle. The situation had been explained to him after he had asked curiously what he had interrupted, and he now sat between them contemplating.


“So… these finger guns you spoke of? What exactly are they?”


“Oh, well--” Jemma showed him and he nodded with an interested shine in his eyes.


“Ah, I see. Well, Fitz, may I speak to Jemma for a moment.”


Fitz looked between Jemma and Thor as if he was dreaming. “Uh… yes, Thor. What will you be talking about?”


“You.”


“Cool, cool, cool,” he whispered rapidly.


“Fitz,” Jemma said calmly, “I never thought I’d say this, but I need to talk to Thor.”


“Oh, okay.” Not sure how his feet were moving, Fitz sort of floated inside like he’d been hit over the head or perhaps like he was a drunk sleepwalker.


As the door shut behind Fitz, Thor turned to face Jemma.


“Have you ever had shawarma? A good friend of mine showed it to me. You’ll love it.”


She nodded and, in a kind of daze, Jemma followed Thor to the kitchen where one of the chefs prepared her a plate. 


“So, you’re scared of telling him you love him,” Thor said as the chef placed the food in front of Jemma.


She sighed and nodded, her eyes brimming. “I’m just so afraid of losing him.”


“I understand,” he said, his voice filled with kindness.


“What should I do?”


“Well, I believe one should run towards their problems and not away from them. Fitz says he loves you and you very obviously love him. So run towards it.”


She couldn’t help the salty tears that filled her eyes and she smiled gratefully at the shawarma giving rock god. “Thank you, Thor.”


With that he pointed to the shawarma, gesturing for her to eat, before exiting the room so quietly it was almost as if he had teleported. Perhaps he hadn’t even been real. It took a moment for Jemma to realize she had no idea how to get back to the main part of the house where the party was but that, however, was only a brief thought. The main thing that was spinning in her head was the path she needed to run on. A path towards Fitz. 


“Excuse me? Mr. Chef, sir, how do I exit the kitchen?”



Towards the heart of the party, Hunter was eating a lemon on a bet while Daisy chanted him on and Mack timed him. Meanwhile, Fitz sat at the open bar next to them, watching in horror as Hunter swallowed the lemon, peel and all. 


“God, Hunter, you nearly beat Deke’s time,” Mack shuddered, looking at the timer.


“Who the hell is Deke?” Daisy asked, taking a sip of her cocktail.


“Fitz’s cousin. Fuckin’ champion at Lemon Mouth,” Hunter shouted over the din.


As Daisy took the lemon from her drink to attempt her own time, Fitz stood up from his stool, a tired look on his face.


“Where are you going?” Mack asked, his hand still hovering over the timer button. 


“I’m getting some air.” 


Fitz walked onto the crowded dance floor, trying to avoid colliding with anyone, a feat that was incredibly difficult with everyone jumping and turning in place. He couldn’t help but think about how nobody was really dancing, deciding matter of factly that jumping and dancing were two different verbs. Lost in that thought on his way back outside, he only just heard someone calling his name. He stopped in the dead center of the dance floor and turned to where he thought the source of the voice was. His face softened at the sight of Jemma making her way towards him and his eyes followed her path to him.


There was a fierce look in her eyes, like the bright glow of stars, and his breath caught in his throat. She smiled when she reached him and he was steadied by her hands that reached for his. They were cold despite the setting and Fitz relished in their stabilizing strength. 


“Jemma--”


She whispered something he couldn’t hear and he shook his head.


“I couldn’t hear you. Say that again.”


She took a deep breath and shouted, “I love you, Fitz!”


The look Fitz gave her was breathtaking, a dazzling smile and crystal water eyes. She wanted to stare at him forever. 


“Well, I love you too!” he shouted back over the crowd and wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her into a head-spinning kiss. 


As their lips parted and they smiled dopily at one another, Thor walked onto the stage that was set up in the grand room. His band played a few of their hits, drawing everyone to the center of the dance floor. Fitz and Jemma found the others and they all listened joyfully to the loud music. Surprisingly, it was Mack who screamed the loudest when Thor pointed over to where they stood.


When the party was winding down and they were making their way out of the house, they were once again stopped by a calm voice behind them. Mack, Hunter, and Daisy experienced the same shock that Fitz and Jemma had earlier, having not yet adjusted to the rock god’s presence.


“Sorry again that my driver nearly hit you,” he said, looking at Daisy and bowing slightly. Daisy nearly fell over but luckily Mack had a hold of her arm. “I’m very glad that you all enjoyed the party. Drive safe.” And as quick as he had appeared, Thor disappeared into the house as if he were a magical being.  


The group made it back to the loft and sat on the couch, not really knowing if they were all collectively dreaming or not. Jemma really hoped it wasn’t a dream, and not just because she had shawarma with Thor. She and Fitz were in love and she was the happiest she had ever been. And, sitting next to Fitz, her head on his shoulder, she knew that he felt the same. 


Jemma Simmons believed in science, as did Leopold Fitz. That night, however, every resident of the loft could admit that maybe, just maybe, Thor Odinson was, indeed, magic. 




Scotland
Chapter Notes
Fair warning: This chapter does deal a little with death and abandonment so if that's something that is upsetting to you I just wanted to let you know.




It had been nearly a month and a half since Fitz had heard any word from or about his father and, if he was being honest, he didn’t mind it a bit. In fact, he had gotten very good at forcing forgetfulness where his father was concerned, at least externally. The graveled voice of Alastor Fitz did enter his son’s thoughts on darker days, but Fitz had at least become better at determining the true roots of the voice. However, just as his mother’s phone calls from weeks previous were fading from his mind, the presence of Fitz’s father came crashing back into the loft once more.


For the first time in a while, nothing particularly interesting was going on with the residence of the loft. In fact, the most interesting thing that had happened since they had gone to Thor’s party, or, in the boy’s case, crashed Thor’s party, was the introduction of the balloon. Jemma had taken home a single balloon from the middle school graduation, a leftover of the ones she had been forced to set up, and it had been floating around the loft ever since, being swatted from room to room like a tinfoil tetherball. It didn’t take very long for the balloon to be banned from bedrooms, however, after Fitz had nearly inhaled the string in his sleep and almost pushed Jemma off the bed in the resulting panic. Slowly the floating object had become a part of day to day life, Mack even drawing a smiley face on it and giving it a name, Mr. Zephyr. However, the addition of the face only made it even creepier if one ever ran into it on their way to the bathroom, a spot Fitz had frequently been setting it as payback for the choking hazard. Poor Mr. Zephyr had been sworn at many a night.   


It was a typical summer afternoon and the roommates were all gathered in the living room watching Jeopardy, Mack and Hunter getting increasingly annoyed with the dynamic duo that was Fitzsimmons. They were only one episode in and already the constant correct answers were becoming a point of contention.


“What is dielectric polarization!” Fitz and Jemma shouted at the same time as the two other loftmates groaned. The couple fist-bumped and smiled at one another, as Hunter reached peak frustration.


“This is why we don’t watch these shows,” Mack began, rolling his eyes. Unlike Hunter, who was fiercely competitive when it came to the strangest things, Mack was at least groaning good-naturedly. 


“You get all the car questions and 80s movie trivia,” Jemma countered, tapping Mack on the knee.


“Yeah, and you two get everything else, you walking encyclopedias,” Hunter muttered as he finished off his drink. 


Jemma’s eyes rolled to the ceiling and she was just about to retort when she was suddenly shifted slightly sideways, Fitz’s arm still draped across her shoulder, as he shouted another answer, “What is Tahiti!”


Peeved, Hunter grabbed ahold of Mr. Zephyr, who had been floating close to where he was sitting, and swatted him in front of the television, the silver string dangling right in front of the screen. 


“Hunter, that’s cheating!” Fitz exclaimed, standing up to retrieve the balloon. 


“Is not! You and Jemma being in a team together is cheating!”


Fitz sighed, taking hold of the balloon. “We’re not playing in a team.”


“Wait, I thought we 

were

 playing teams,” Jemma said distractedly and Hunter’s hand waved a “see, I told you so” in Jemma’s direction. Fitz slammed the balloon in Hunter’s direction before making his way over to the kitchen, taking standing up as an excuse to go grab a snack. 


“You want anything?” Fitz asked, looking over his shoulder at Jemma as he made his way to the fridge.


“Another beer.”


“Not you, Hunter!”


Jemma giggled and shook her head while another question popped up on the screen and Hunter answered it quickly, swearing loudly when he was wrong. Just as Fitz was in front of the fridge, his phone began to ring, causing the coffee table to absorb the energy and buzz. Mack, who was closest to the phone, bent down to look at the screen.


“Who is it?” Fitz called, shutting the fridge with a jangling thud as Hunter let off another wrong answer expletive. 


“It’s your mom,” Mack called back.


“Ha ha. Who is it, really.”


“It wasn’t a your mom joke, Turbo. It really is your mom.”
    


The phone continued to buzz as Mack held it above his head and Fitz could see the screen displaying the childhood picture of him and his mum he used as her contact photo. He quickly rushed back to take it from Mack, yanking it out of his friend’s hand with a little too much force before putting the phone up to his ear and disappearing down the hall.


“He forgot my beer,” Hunter muttered, holding the balloon tightly to his chest and picking at where it was tied shut. His fingernail clipped just above the tie, letting out a small hiss of helium. “Oops.”


Mack yanked the balloon away from Hunter as Jemma jolted forward to help Mack assess the damage.  


“You killed him,” Mack deadpanned, trying to cover the hole Hunter had formed with his finger, “You killed Mr. Zephyr.”


“I didn’t kill Mr. Zephyr. I poked a hole in Mr. Zephyr.”


“Same thing--”


“No, it’s not! It’s not like I popped him--”


“You’re a murderer. Look at him, he’s bleeding out,” Mack cried, acting his pretend pain to perfection as he held the balloon high out of Hunter’s reach before taking the balloon and sucking in some of its contents.


“I can’t believe you, Hunter,” Mack said, the serious nature of his voice conflicting heavily with its now squeaky strung out tone.


Hunter finally took the balloon back into his own hands and brought the punctured part of the balloon up to his own mouth, taking in a deep breath of helium.


“I am so very sorry I punctured Mr. Zephyr,” Hunter apologized, his voice sounding as though he were a child talking through a fan. Getting ahold of her giggles, Jemma took the balloon from the two men and sucked in some helium of her own. 


“I’m very proud of your cooperation,” Jemma said seriously, though she sounded like she had been turned into a cartoon mouse. The pitch of Jemma’s words caused Mack and Hunter to burst into laughter and Jemma followed suit, the room filled with strangely tinny chortles. 


Just as Hunter finished off the last of the helium, his mouth open to say some more stuff with high-pitched hilarity, Fitz walked in, his face as pale as paper. 


He stood in front of them, fidgeting with his phone and barely able to keep eye contact with any of them.


“My dad died.”


All the air was suddenly sucked from the room and no one really knew quite what to say. When they did say something however, Fitz was absolutely terrified as words of comfort were uttered in voices completely different and horrifically higher than what his friends were supposed to sound like. He was barely recovering from the shock when Jemma walked over to him and wrapped her arms around his neck. Gratefully, he softly melted into her embrace and closed his eyes, reveling in her presence while trying his best not picture his friends as chipmunks.  



It was a long flight from LA to Manchester and somehow having to board a connecting flight to Scotland made the whole journey seem even longer. Even during the car ride to LAX, Fitz’s knee had been shaking, his nerves around his father’s funeral manifesting in shivers and jolts. Jemma sat next to him, her arm tucked into the crook of his elbow and her head resting on his shoulder whenever she wasn’t reading her book. Throughout the flight, Jemma tried to keep him occupied, well aware that his mind was spinning in thousands of directions, mostly towards how very little he wanted to go to the funeral, and so she would point out parts of her book she liked or the two of them would play tic-tac-toe in her notebook. She could not, however, control Hunter’s hatred for commercial aircrafts. 


“Hunter, I swear to God, if you kick my seat one more time I’m going to knock you stupid!” Fitz whisper yelled, turning back to stare at his friend through the crack between his and Jemma’s seats. 


“I wasn’t kicking your seat, I was slapping the telly on the back of your seat. The touch screen is busted or something, so if you want to help me out and engineer it back to normal, it would be much appreciated.”


“Have Mack help you,” Jemma suggested, also turning to face behind her. 


Hunter’s eyebrows raised as his mouth became a thin line and his thumb jerked in the direction of the dozing man next to him.


“Well, then read or something,” Jemma suggested before she was distracted by the drink cart. She could hear Hunter groan behind her but turned her attention politely to the flight attendant, ordering her and Fitz’s drinks and accepting the complimentary Biscoff cookies, though she gave hers to Fitz. 


“How can Mack sleep on planes? I mean, imagine sleeping on a plane!” Fitz mumbled, resting his head forcefully back.


“Well, I’m sure if one had a proper bed it wouldn’t be too difficult. But of course, that’s not what you meant.” She rested a gentle hand on Fitz’s tremoring knee, sending a wave of calm through his body. “It will be alright, Fitz. Just think, in a few more hours you’ll get to see your mum. And that’s why you decided to go at all, right.”


He sighed as his eyes picked up hers and he wrapped his warm hand around her colder one. “Right.”


“I’ll be right here the whole time.”


“Thank you,” he whispered, tucking his head into the crook of her neck.


“For what?” 


“Being you. I love you.”


“I love you too.”


 

Fitz’s mood lightened considerably at the sight of his childhood home. It was tucked between two small houses and had a lovely little front garden, set with a quaint little gate and a red door. Jemma nearly swooned, it was so lovely. Almost like she had always dreamed. She had always imagined herself going home, but not quite home. The states were ever so far away and Perthshire was only a road trip away from Sheffield. The look brightening the blue of Fitz’s eyes only expanded the dream. 

Maybe one day, 

Jemma thought. 


The taxi rumbled up in front of the house and Fitz jumped out of the car, holding out his hand for Jemma, who had to scoot out from the middle, while Mack shut the passenger door with a thud and Hunter slid out the other side. Fitz was a mix of emotions and Jemma could see them twirling around behind his eyes, but currently, he was landed on excitement, only just realizing how homesick he was.


Jemma, on the other hand, was trying her best to shut down her own anxiety. It was halfway through the first plane ride that Jemma realized she would be meeting Fitz’s mum for the first time, something that was somehow very daunting. She knew it was silly, as Fitz had assured her his mother would absolutely adore her. But one could never be certain.


After unloading their luggage from the boot of the cab, the group trailed up the muddy garden path to the door. 


“You think your mum will have made her pies?” Hunter asked, hefting his backpack higher up his shoulder.


“Bet she will if you ask,” Fitz said and Jemma was delighted to see a twinkle of light in Fitz’s eyes.    


Fitz took ahold of the brass door handle and pushed it open, so familiar with the house there didn’t seem a need to knock and called further into the cinnamon smelling home. The call was answered by a sweet voice drenched in a Scottish lilt. 


“Leo? Is that you?”


“No, it’s a stranger who just happens to sound like me.”


Jemma lightly smacked his shoulder and his face split into a little smirk as he looked down at her before shooting back up. A petite woman with sandy curls and eyes so much like her son’s Jemma was taken aback rounded in from the kitchen, her face beaming like sunlight at the sight of her son. She ran over to embrace him and Fitz quickly dropped his bags to return his mother’s hug, his cheeks blooming pink when she kissed them.


“Hey, mum,” he muttered as she pulled back from him, holding him out at arms length to take in his appearance.


“We’re growing out the stubble, I see,” she teased lovingly, her hand cupping his cheek, and Fitz shrugged. Jemma smiled at the scene, her heart warming for reasons beyond what she could place.


Finally being released from his mother’s hold, Fitz backed up slightly and wrapped his arm around Jemma’s waist.


“Mum, this is Jemma,” he said proudly, his eyes alight.


“It’s so nice to finally meet you, Mrs. Fitz” Jemma gushed, holding out her hand to shake.  


“Oh, please, call me Linda. And it’s a pleasure to finally meet the woman my son has been talking about for the past year and a half,” Linda said, pulling Jemma out of Fitz’s grasp and hugging her tightly. All the anxiety Jemma had been feeling drained from her body as the woman embraced her. Fitz had been right, there was no need to panic, Linda was absolutely lovely.


The older woman let go and Jemma returned to Fitz, wrapping herself around his waist and holding onto him tightly while Linda moved on to hug Hunter and Mack, asking them if they had been eating correctly and making sure they were keeping out of trouble.


“When have we ever gotten into trouble?” Hunter asked, his hand over his heart and his brows reaching up to his hairline, “We have always been perfect angels.”


“Mm-hmm. And when did ‘always’ start, before or after you jumped a celebrity’s fence?”


Jemma couldn’t help but giggle, holding onto Fitz tighter as they made their way down the hall to the living room. The room was warm and comfortable, just the sight of all the throw pillows and blankets gave Jemma the impression of home. 


“Who told you about the fence jumping?” Hunter asked, taking up the rear and entering the room last.


“That would be Alfie,” Linda smiled, squeezing Mack’s arm as she passed him to the kitchen.


“Alfie, you traitor,” Hunter chided, plopping down on the floral-patterned loveseat.


Jemma sat down on the matching couch that sat in front of the window and she turned to look out at the back garden, smiling at the sight of a toolshed. Of course, Fitz had a toolshed. Fitz came and sat down next to her and she immediately snuggled into him, relishing in the moment as she breathed in the smell of cinnamon and absorbed her boyfriend’s warmth.


Linda had indeed made mince pies, Hunter jumping up from his spot to kiss the woman’s cheek as she placed them on the coffee table. It was later in the night when Linda pulled out the photo album and Fitz was honestly surprised it took his mum as long as it did. Jemma jerked forward from where she was leaning into Fitz, grinning from ear to ear and giggling brightly, her laugh like music, as Linda sat down with the large leather-bound book. Fitz groaned, leaning the base of his skull against the couch cushions as Hunter and Mack leaped up to sit on the other side of the coffee table, their legs crossed and faces stretched into excitement like children at music time.    


Whatever Jemma had expected to feel at the sight of baby Fitz it was far simpler than what she actually did. The moment she saw the first photo, her heart burst with so much love and affection and laughter that she couldn’t contain herself. He was so itty-bitty, with big blue eyes and unruly hair and he had cheeks you just wanted to pinch. 


“Oh my goodness, Fitz! You’re adorable!” Jemma squealed. Jemma had always loved kids but, suddenly, seeing baby pictures of her boyfriend had her mind wandering to what their own children would look like. Would they have his eyes, her chin, his cheeks? Would they get his curls? Oh, a baby would look adorable with his curls and her nose. And his eyes! 


Linda turned another page and Jemma had to cover her mouth to stop herself from exploding from laughter. 


“It’s the picture!” she cried, hand flying to grab Fitz’s shoulder as Mack fell back on the floor laughing. There, in photographic, tactile evidence was proof of Fitz and Hunter’s performance of Thor Odinson’s hit song, “Love and Thunder.” A scrawny, pasty, adorable teenage Fitz was dressed up in the rock god’s signature outfit, his curls, in classic Fitz fashion, even more untamed than adult Fitz’s. Hunter meanwhile was dressed the part of the lead guitarist, wearing a black wig and black suit. They looked absolutely ridiculous and completely carefree and Jemma loved it to pieces. 


“May I make a copy of this?” Jemma asked, looking to Linda with joy.


“Of course. Would you like the tape as well?” Jemma’s mouth fell open and Linda laughed, standing up from her seat and pulling down a well-worn box from the bookshelf.


“No, mum! Please don’t,” Fitz cried as Jemma inched even farther forward while Mack was howling with excitement, the corners of his eyes crinkling with mirth.


“You still have the tapes?” Hunter exclaimed, coming to sit on the other side of Jemma. 


“Of course I do. Got ‘em transferred over to disk too and even got Leo to put them in the cloud.” 


Fitz put his hands over his face, once again tipping back his head and inhaling deeply. Jemma lovingly put her hand on his knee and at the sound of the DVD player being turned on, Fitz sat up. 


Once the disk had loaded and the home video began to play, Jemma was once again flooded with absolute love for Fitz, along with the other strange emotions she had had after seeing his baby photos. The first video clip showed an eleven-year-old Fitz as he proudly held up the model spaceship he had designed. With the aid of time, rather than helium, the younger Fitz on the screen talked in a high-pitched tone and Jemma couldn’t help but coo, holding even tighter to Fitz’s knee. 


“What have you got there, Leo?” T.V. Linda was asking as the camera zoomed in on her son.


“It’s a model of my own design,” Little Fitz explained in his child-tuned voice, his small face beaming, “It’s got specially modified thrusters to improve flight trajectory and I adjusted the nozzle to help with propulsion.”  


“That’s very nice, dear.”


“You don’t know what I’m sayin’ do you, mum?”


“Of course I do, Leo. You’re saying it goes very high and very fast, and there’s a very high chance that I get a hole in my roof.”


Both the Fitz on the T.V. and adult Fitz laughed before the video moved onto the next recording, the performance they had all been waiting for. 


Mack was in stitches at the sound of Fitz and Hunter’s pubescent voices, Hunter’s even cracking as they introduced their act. Somehow the pure ridiculousness of it had Fitz warming up and enjoying the home videos and he wrapped Jemma up so she was snuggling against his chest.


“Hey, we weren’t half bad,” Fitz laughed, gesturing at the screen and aiming a kick at Mack.


“Na, Turbo, you’re actually pretty good. The wannabe Las Vegas Loki impersonator on the other hand.”


“Hey! I was fifteen and half my savings went to that suit!”


They spent the rest of the night watching home videos, drinking cocoa, and talking. In fact, it wasn’t until he was tucked into bed, Jemma curled up next to him and fast asleep, that Fitz even remembered he was there for a funeral. 



It had been a good deal of time since the gang had eaten a real breakfast, normally choosing instead to feast upon the finest of sugar cereals, much to Jemma’s dismay. So it was a welcome change to sit down to warm pancakes with heavenly syrup and a cuppa. Still, Fitz was reasonably on edge, having been so since the moment he had opened his eyes. Yet again, he would jolt or shiver from the anxiety coursing through him and Jemma would place her hand on his knee, sending coolant to chase away the fire of nerves. 


Everyone sat down for breakfast, bleary-eyed and tight jawed. No one seemed to want to say anything or bring up what the day had planned. It wasn’t until the doorbell rang that there was any sign of energy at all. Linda went to answer it, welcoming in Alastor’s sister Bonnie and her son. Bonnie was far kinder than her brother had been, the response to her own rocky childhood being gentleness and love rather than abuse. After Alastor had left his wife and son, Bonnie had chosen to keep in touch with her former sister-in-law rather than hold onto any connection with her brother. She still called Linda once a week, even after she had moved to the U.S. and started her own family. She absolutely adored her nephew, the stuffed monkey she gave him at birth perhaps the reason for his love of the animal, and her adoration for Fitz was only rivaled by her son’s. 


“Bobo!” Deke exclaimed, wrapping his arm around his cousin as he came into the kitchen, squeezing Fitz’s shoulder from behind the chair, “How’ve you been!”


“I’ve been alright,” Fitz said as he tried to catch a breath, air only reaching his lungs after the shock had worn off.


“Mack, my man, good to see ya. Hunter, lookin’ sharp,” he greeted each person as he walked around the table, stopping across the way from Jemma. “Haven’t met you before. I’m Deke,” he said, raising his hand in a little wave.


Fitz sighed but a smile tugged his lips as he looked at Jemma. “Deke, this is my girlfriend, Jemma. Jemma this is my cousin, Deke.”


Jemma smiled kindly at the newcomer, nodding her head and saying hello. The round of greetings circled once more as Linda walked in with Bonnie. Fitz couldn’t help but foresee a lot of forced pleasantries in his future. 


What he didn’t foresee was a panic attack.


 

For Fitz, the walk from the car to where the funeral was being held felt like it stretched to oblivion and his feet felt as though they had been turned to bricks. He wanted to run, run far away from the funeral and hide. He didn’t want to go, he didn’t want to see him. To see a person who hadn’t wanted to see him. But on he marched, holding tightly onto Jemma, whose arm was laced through his as they walked into the building.


Up ahead of him was his aunt and cousin, behind him was Mack, Hunter, and his mum. No one else had shown. Fitz was suddenly horrified at himself when the thought brought him a slight bit of comfort. As he caught sight of the sleek black casket he stopped, his feet rooted to the floor and causing Jemma to halt suddenly as well, Mack and Hunter nearly plowing right into them.


“Fitz, darling, are you alright?” Jemma asked and her hand brushed his cheek in an attempt to get him to look at her.


His eyes were wide and his throat went dry leaving him only with the ability to shake his head. Before Jemma could say anything, we used the last bit of calm he had as he picked up her hand and kissed it before running out of the room. He stopped just outside the entrance, his heart pounding in his throat and jolts of fear springing up his spine.    


Jemma had made to follow him, but Linda had simply put up her hand, her expression warm but taught. The older woman followed her son out the door and came to sit on the rusty bench where Fitz sat, shaking. His eyes were wide and his breath was raspy but Linda remained calm.


“It’s a grey day, isn’t it love,” she said, her hands in her lap. Fitz turned to look at his mother, their matching eyes meeting. “Seems the sky likes to repeat itself.”


He bit his lip in an attempt to keep them from trembling, his eyes darting forward once more. Reaching over, Linda took her son’s hand, which had drained of warmth in his panic, and squeezed. 


“‘M sorry mum,” Fitz whispered, tears clinging to his eyes as they drifted back to hers. But Linda merely smiled softly, patting their entwined hands.


“Don’t be, darling. I didn’t want to see him either. Was just trying to be there for Bonnie. I’m guessing by the look in your eyes you were just trying to be there for me.”


Fitz sighed, and if the sky hadn’t been so grey it could almost have been a laugh.


“You know what’s funny. I only remember two things about the day he left,” Linda said as her eyes went forward, “The smell of your hair when I laid by you that night and the color of the sky. And, like I said, I guess the sky likes to repeat itself. But you…you, my brilliant boy, you never left. You are still my sweet, smart, shy, brave little boy and I’m so grateful that I got to be your mother.”


The tears fell down Fitz’s face in earnest and he leaned into his mother’s shoulder, allowing himself for the first time since his father left to be a kid. A kid who needed his mum.


“I love you, mum.”


“I love you too, my darling.”


The two people who occupied the bench startled at the sound of heels clicking on wood flooring just inside the doorway, looking up to see Jemma standing, fiddling with the cuff of her black dress.


“I just came to make sure you were both alright,” Jemma said, her eyes alight with concern as they searched Fitz’s face. Her hazel eyes warmed the blue of his and he took a deep breath, giving his mother a peck on the cheek before standing up. He moved forward and melted into Jemma, who returned the hug with such love and care that Fitz audibly sighed. Over Fitz’s shoulder, Jemma caught Linda smiling at them both, her face soaked in motherly affection. If Linda had a checklist, Jemma would have filled every last box. 



It was a warm Scottish morning as they all began to file out of the house, their exit prolonged due to all the hugging. Mack had to bend extra low to allow for Linda to wrap her arms around his neck.


“Now don’t forget you’re the voice of reason,” Linda reminded Mack as she placed a quick kiss on his cheek.


“I won’t, Linda. I promise,” Mack replied in his deep, cheerful voice. After being released, he made an overt show of stretching out his back and Linda smacked his shoulder before she moved on to Hunter, “And don’t go getting into trouble.”     


Hunter smirked behind her shoulder, “I still don’t know where you got the idea we’re trouble makers, Linda.” She pinched his cheek for that. 


Her longest hug was with her son, neither of them saying anything as words passed from mind to mind as some parents have the ability to do. He kissed her cheek once more and she cupped his cheek in her palm, tapping twice before relinquishing him.


As the boys lifted the luggage into the cab, Linda said her goodbye to Jemma, wrapping the younger woman up in a tight motherly embrace.


“Safe travels, dear,” Linda muttered, holding Jemma out to see her.


“Thank you, Linda. And thank you for raising such an amazing son. I really don’t know what I would do without him.”


The corners of Linda’s lips ticked up in a warm expression, sending little sparks of joy into the woman’s eyes. “Take care of him, will you?” Her voice was soft and kind and Jemma’s throat tightened at the tone.


“I promise.”


They all piled into the car, rolling down the windows to wave back at Linda as she stood in the doorway of the house. 


“Don’t forget to give Daisy the picture from the album!” Linda called, causing Fitz to make a cross little noise and Jemma to laugh.


“Wouldn’t dare!” Jemma called back as she leaned over Fitz and out the window.


The cab drove off and the windows rolled up with a mechanical whir. As Jemma tucked into Fitz’s shoulder, the smell of him immediately relaxing her and his warmth feeding into her tired body, she vowed that she would never, ever, break her promise. She would love Fitz for the rest of her life and be there for him. The whole damn time.  




The Five Dollar Welcome
Chapter Notes
So, ya girl had midterms and got sick, so fun things got put on the back-burner. But I'm back! I still have a few more midterm exams, so if the next chapter is late that is why, but I am going to really try and get chapters out on time. Thank you again for your amazing comments and kudos and support. Y'all are the best! I hope you enjoy this chapter!




Since returning home from Scotland, the days had slowly grown shorter and summer bled back into fall. Jemma was preparing for school to start up again while Fitz’s drones were gaining traction and attention from Stark Industries (Tony Stark himself joining the project). Fitz was not the only one moving up the career ladder, however, as Hunter’s latest successful ad campaign had put him in Hartley’s good books for at least a year and Mack and Elena were both well on their way to promotions, having become the dynamic duo of their precinct. Elena had also pretty much become a permanent guest at the loft, staying over every night and claiming her place among the chaos with a toothbrush. As for those who lived outside the loft, Daisy had officially moved in with Lincoln while Bobbi only had two more days left in Europe before she was set to return home, a fact that Hunter had been repeating around the loft like Paul Revere. However, no one truly knew how deep Hunter’s excitement ran except Hunter himself, his little velvet box stuffed safely in his sock drawer. 


As it often does at the turn of the season, life became a little all over the place. It wasn’t “jumping a celebrity’s fence” or “running away to a diner” all over the place but was rather just a bit busy. The loft became overwhelmed by mess, and it was slowly driving everyone to the edge of crazy. Dishes piled up in the sink, laundry spilled over basket rims, and dust coated every surface, allowing every beam of autumn sunlight pouring from the large grubby windows to showcase the filth. 


One Saturday morning, in dire need of a distraction, Jemma finally broke. She had spent the past two days tossing and turning as thoughts ran around her mind like they were on a hamster wheel. She repeatedly assured Fitz that she was fine and plastered excuses over her odd behavior, saying she wasn’t feeling well or was tired from work. However, something continued to itch at the back of her mind, and niggling thoughts always ended up leading to searches for distraction. That was why she was up at five-thirty that brisk morning, out the door by seven, and returning back to the loft by nine, ladled with her trusty reusable shopping bags. 


Her footsteps fell loud as she slammed the front door behind her, a clatter of groceries dropping by her side as their weight finally overtook her arm strength. For the first time, perhaps ever, the boys were not sitting in the living room. Maybe they sensed a shift in the early morning air and had left the loft to the dust bunnies. That or it was around nine in the morning on a Saturday and there would have to be some sort of emergency to get the boys up at such an hour on such a day. An emergency or the wrath of Jemma Simmons. 


Cupping her hands around her mouth to amplify her voice, Jemma called out to the seemingly empty flat. “Boys, loft meeting! Boys?!”


Mack came out of his room, his white undershirt half-tucked into the waistband of his pajama bottoms and his knuckles digging into his eyes to clear them of sleep. Elena was not far behind him doing the same, her long hair in sleep-messed braids and a grimace slapped on her face by morning’s hand. 


“I thought this month’s meeting was next Thursday?” Mack grumbled, finishing off his sentence with a thundering yawn. 


Jemma nodded her slightly tilted head as she placed her hands on her hips. “Yes, it is. But, given the state the place is currently in, I’m calling an emergency meeting. And we need all the time we can get, so, Elena will you please knock on mine and Fitz’s bedroom door. If he isn’t up yet, and I’m almost certain he isn’t, you can go in and shove him. Mack, will you please wake Hunter. I’m going to go put the kettle on.”


“And--”


“And the coffee pot. Don’t worry you two, I know. I mean you could at least try a cup of tea--”


“Tea tastes like grass,” Mack called back as he made his way over to Hunter’s room.


Jemma gave a teasing smile, “And coffee tastes like dirt, so to each their own.”


With Mack bursting through the door and shouting, Hunter was up relatively quickly while Fitz required the prescribed shove. Elena was kind enough to not scare the crap out of him to wake him, instead choosing the shake-and-wake method. When everyone was up and at ‘em, which did call for a few warmed up cups of caffeine, Jemma laid out the plan, standing in front of the occupants of the large brown couch and clutching a color-coded to-do list.


“Alright, everyone. Thank you for coming to this meeting--”


“Forced,” Hunter coughed, earning him a smack on the back of the head from Fitz, though he too was not overly pleased with being awake. He, however, had done his complaining in groans and grumbles that were shut up by a cup of tea.


“Forced or not, thank you. If you couldn’t tell already from my bags of cleaning supplies, I am declaring today a cleaning day. Don’t groan, this shouldn’t come as a surprise. This place is filthy and I know you all are as tired of it as I am. Now, I have assigned each of us tasks so everything moves quickly and orderly, and you will find what you are supposed to do on this color-coded spreadsheet. Each of us has a color so we can easily see which tasks are ours. Mack, you’re mauve, Fitz, you’re fuchsia, Elena is electric blue, Hunter is hunter green and my tasks are in jade green. I also put us into pairs that are each assigned to one of the larger rooms. The rooms-- yes, Fitz?”


“When did you have time to make a spreadsheet?” Fitz asked, his eyebrows creasing together as he took his hand down from its spot in the air.


“Last night after you fell asleep. Yes, Hunter?”


“Which green is hunter?” He grimaced, “That sounded like I was talking in the third person.”


“Hunter green is the darker shade of green on the sheet. Now, as I was saying, the rooms are bolded and the teams are labeled in brackets underneath the bolded rooms. The tasks are listed underneath that and are, as I said, color-coded to each of us. Daisy is also coming over today, so I put her on the list as well. Her assignments are in dandelion. She won’t be here until later in the day--yes Fitz she’s bringing lunch, so put your hand down--so Hunter you’re on your own for the morning. Seeing as each of us is assigned our own room, I would start there if I were you.”


“Wait!” Hunter cut in, leaning forward, “How’s that fair! You and Fitz share a room, so you have help! And what about Mack and Elena, they share a room too. I’m the only one on my own.”


“Yes Mack and Elena can work together on their room, but they also have the kitchen which requires the most work and Fitz is assigned to the guest room.”


“I miss Bobbi,” Hunter muttered as Mack, too, leaned forward. 


“But the guest room is pretty much clea--ugh.” Mack was cut off by a silencing elbow to the ribs.


“Yes, I’m aware of that. Which is why Fitz is also in charge of fixing Danger Pipe.”


“You guys have a danger pipe?” Elena questioned, looking from Mack to the rest of the room, her eyes narrowing as she processed the idea of what exactly a danger pipe could be.


Fitz leaned back into the couch, biting his lip. “Jem, Danger Pipe could take a bit,” he informed, but Jemma smiled as she could see him already thinking of where to start.


She tilted her head, her eyes encouraging, “I believe in you, Fitz.”


“Uh, yeah, question,” Hunter blurted, his hand stretching into the air, “How exactly did we get roped into this?” His question was answered with a glare and another smack.


“Alright, everyone!” Jemma exclaimed, clapping her hands together, “I believe in us. Please follow the spreadsheet. Oh, one more thing,” she added as the group all made to get up, “the sheet also has designated music times. It’s alphabetical, so Elena’s is in charge of the music for the first block. Okay, now let’s get to work!”


There was a groaning chorus of “Yaaaay,” as everyone stood up, filing into a line to earn their bag of newly purchased and rationed out cleaning supplies. 


“How early did you get up to get all this, not to mention sort it, Jemma?” Fitz asked. He was the last in line to get his supplies, Jemma hooking his bag as well as her own on his arm before making her way down the hall towards their room. Fitz followed behind her and couldn’t help but notice her tense slightly as she brushed off his questioning, something that had been happening for the past couple of days.


“Well, you see, I ended waking up rather early, but I’m on school time so I couldn’t really help it.”


Fitz stopped, bringing her to a halt as well as he placed his hand lightly on her shoulder, “Simmons, did you even sleep? I mean you made the spreadsheet after I went to bed, and that was at ten-thirty, so--”


“Yes, I slept Fitz… Don’t look at me like that, I assure you I slept.”


“It just feels like you’re trying to distract yourself,” Fitz worried. His eyes were gentle and Jemma could feel their blue light start to work its way into the dark corners of her mind.


“Really, Fitz, I’m fine. It’s just--you can admit that we’re all living in a pigsty, right, and I just thought it would be a nice bit of team bonding and--”


“And something’s bothering you,” Fitz finished, the light finally haven bored its way into her as he decided to be straight forward. His hand dropped from her shoulder, cascading down her arm to wind their fingers together.


Jemma sighed, her breath coming out in a little huff as her eyes hit the floor. “Something happened at work is all,” she rushed, her hand flying up to tuck her hair behind her ear. 


“What happened at work?”


“Nothing important. It--it was just a shock is all. Well not really a shock--I mean it was-- but not like what you think--I--”


“Jems, you’re nervous talking.”


“Right,” she breathed, drawing air into her lungs before continuing. Music began to play from the Bluetooth speaker in the living room. “I found out that Trip is getting married.”


Fitz blinked as he let go of her hand to scratch his ear. “Oh--um. Okay. And why is that bothering you?”


Jemma could see a bit of insecurity climb onto Fitz’s features, the tips of his ears reddening as his teeth clawed into his lip. She jumped slightly, reaching out to grab his hand again.


“It’s not bothering me! That’s the thing. It’s just odd, you know, him getting married. Not that it’s odd someone would marry him, it’s just rather quick. But, I guess he was always rather sure of his feelings. And really it’s always somewhat weird when your ex gets engaged, right?” 


“Yeah,” Fitz nodded. He turned to open the door of the guest room, Jemma following him in as he set down the bags that were strung from his arm. 


“It just made me realize how much time has passed, which is always an unsettling thought. I just sort of spiraled and realized how much has happened in that amount of time and I got to thinking about the future, which had already been spinning in my brain since Scotland. Then I thought how odd it was that I ever even dated him in the first place! I mean I see him at work all the time and I just can’t imagine seeing him in that way anymore, now that I have you. To be honest, even when I dated him it was odd, given I had such a massive crush on you.” 


Fitz had turned to look at her while she had sped-talked, her hands flying about as she stood in the middle of the room, punctuating her thoughts. When she finished talking, blushing at her final confession (even though it seemed a minor one given they had already professed their love for one another), and finally looked directly at him, she saw that his cheeks were slightly pink with that sweet little expression she loved, where the corners of his lips betrayed him by forming a boyish lovesick smile. He walked over to her, his arms gently coming up to wrap around her waist and she followed his lead by bringing her arms up to and around his neck. The spot against him had become quite natural and Jemma relished in the comfortable place she called home.


“I had a massive crush on you as well,” he whispered, their faces too close for normal talking.


Jemma giggled against his lips, “Well then, weren’t we a completely oblivious pair. Must have driven our friends mental.”


Fitz laughed as well before capturing her lips with his, their mouths sliding together in a romantic, time-stopping kiss.


“Hey, Turbo?” Mack called from the door down and across the hall, his head sticking out from the frame. Fitz and Jemma broke apart, Fitz’s head leaning back with a groan as Jemma’s tilted forward in a laugh. Fitz, still with his arms around Jemma’s waist, turned them so he was closest to the door before leaning his head backwards out into the hall.


“Yeah?”


“Do you have lemon-scented Clorox wipes or ‘fresh’ scented Clorox wipes?”


“Why are you putting air-quotes around the word 

fresh

,” Fitz asked, his forehead wrinkling.


“Because I have no idea what the hell they mean by ‘fresh.’ Now, what does your kit have?”


Fitz reluctantly dropped away from Jemma and made his way over to his supply kit. “Uh--,” there was a rattling of reusable bags, “Lemon!”


“Okay! I’ll ask Hunter then. I wanted the ‘fresh’.”


Fitz rolled his eyes, looking back at Jemma. “Why do I feel like he did that on purpose? It’s like he and Hunter have a sixth sense for mood-killing,” Fitz muttered as Jemma went to grab her own bag of cleaning supplies. She laughed, resting the bag into the crook of her arm. 


Fitz was looking through his own bag, searching for dusters, when he next spoke, his voice causing Jemma to stop and face him, leaning against his desk.


“So are we at least invited to the wedding?” he asked through a smirk.


“We are in fact. Promise you won’t take up living in a photobooth again?”


He laughed and Jemma’s heart swelled. “Promise.”


“He showed me pictures of his fiance,” she continued, clicking her heels, “They look really sweet together. They met at some sort of conference or som--”


There was the sound of a commotion out in the hall as if someone had tripped, followed by Hunter swearing and a thump of a laundry basket hitting the floor. With the door to the guest room open, they could just see the edge of a rather large pile of laundry.


“You alright, Hunter?” Jemma called, turning her head sideways towards the open door next to her.


“Just great!” he called back. Half the pile slugged away from the doorframe, reminding Fitz of a slug monster and causing him to chuckle as he finally located a duster.


“Anyway, I’m really happy for them,” Jemma continued as Fitz commenced dusting the well-decorated bookshelf, “I think they’re going to be really happy as husband and wife.”


From the hallway came the rattling sound of the refilled laundry basket tipping over, it’s owner having jumped over it to enter the conversation. “Did you go through my sock drawer?” Hunter panted, his eyes the size of dinner plates.


Fitz looked at his friend, his back bent as his duster hovered frozen above one of the neatly arranged shelves. “Nooo. Why?”


“Why are you talking about marriage then?” 


“Jemma just heard that Trip is engaged. What does marriage have to do with your sock drawer?”


“Nothing,” Hunter rushed, his eyes going from resembling dinner plates to resembling those of a deer caught in headlights.


“Then why have you gone pale? Hunter, what’s in your sock drawer?”


“I said 

nothing

!” As Fitz put down the duster and walked towards Hunter, the latter bolted from the doorway.


“Hunter! What does your sock drawer have to do with marriage?” Fitz cried, running after his friend. He narrowly avoided face planting after his foot collided with Hunter’s tipped over abandoned laundry basket, catching himself on the wall before continuing his sprint. By this point, Jemma was hot on Fitz’s heels and Mack and Elena had been alerted to the somewhat-high-speed-chase, following behind in a fast walk. Hunter vaulted the kitchen counter and tore open the door to his room but wasn’t quick enough to lock it, Fitz having just sensibly gone around the obstacle of the kitchen counter, catching the door and propping it open enough to prohibit the lock from clicking. 


“Hunter! What the hell’s in your sock drawer,” Fitz cried, every bit of his strength and body weight pushing against the door.


“Nothing! Stop pushing against the door, Fitz! This is an invasion of privacy!”


“Then just tell me what your sock drawer has to do with marriage!”


With a great shove, Fitz finally got the door open completely, knocking over Hunter. Fitz hadn’t actually made for the drawer, but, adrenaline pumping, Hunter didn’t seem to catch that detail or care. He dove straight at Fitz, his head ducked in a charge as he knocked his friend to the ground. Jemma and Elena screamed in shock while Mack laughed, the three staring at the scene from the doorway.


“What the bloody hell, Hunter! Agh! Let me go!”


“I can’t do that, mate!”


Fitz made to stand only to fall back down as Hunter tugged on the foot he had clasped in his hand.


“I’m not looking in your fuckin’ sock drawer now let go of my foot!”


“I don’t want you to see it! I wanted Bobbi to be able to show it off,” Hunter cried, letting go of Fitz’s foot.


“Show off what?” Fitz shot back, confused. He gave up on standing and deciding to sit on the floor, his elbows draped on his knees as he tried to catch his breath. 


“Fitz,” Jemma said, her voice soft and her arms folded over her chest. Fitz looked up to Jemma, noticing a little bit of light in her eyes, and allowed his mind to move past having been tackled, catching up to what the mysterious object must be. He turned back to his friend as a smile split his face.


“Hunter, are you going to propose to Bobbi?”


An uncharacteristically shy look fell across Hunter’s face and he rubbed his jaw to try and hide it. “Uh, yeah. That was the plan.”


From the doorway, Jemma squealed and Mack yelped with excitement. Fitz leaned across from where he was sitting and slapped his hand onto Hunter’s outstretched foot, holding on and shaking it.


“Congrats, brother! I’m happy for you,” Fitz grinned, his eyes bright.


“Well she hasn’t said yes yet and you never know with Bob.”


Jemma scoffed. “Believe me, she’ll say yes.”


Mack entered into the room completely, holding out his hand to pull up Hunter as Fitz got up on his own. Jemma and Elena stepped back a bit as the three men did a sort of expressive three-person handshake. As soon as the room calmed a bit, Jemma cleared her throat.


“Alright, back to cleaning!”


The three men blinked, Mack’s eyebrows even shooting up his forehead.


“We still have to clean?” Hunter said incredulously, his mouth falling open, “I’ve just told you all I’m proposing to Bobbi and you’re still making me clean?”


“Please don’t tell me this was one giant ploy to get out of work,” Jemma retorted, her arms falling back into their crossed position.


“It wasn’t, but avoiding cleaning would be a nice engagement present.”


Jemma frowned, her lips drawing into a line. “You’re not engaged yet, this place is filthy, it’s a communal problem, and I already printed the spreadsheet. Now let’s get to it.”


Cleaning continued as scheduled, with Daisy arriving at one in the afternoon with lunch, giving the excuse for a much needed break. The loft already looked much cleaner and Danger Pipe was nearly fixed, leaving everyone feeling a little bit better and a little bit brighter than before. Plus the windows were clean, so that also might have contributed to the brightness of the place. 


Daisy wasn’t exactly overjoyed when she found out what she had been roped into but the promise of a free pizza dinner caused her to swallow her complaints and the knowledge that Hunter planned on proposing to Bobbi fueled her through the work, giving her plenty of time as they cleaned to grill him. With the addition of Daisy’s help, the assignments were completed by eight in the evening, the reward of pizza set to arrive at a quarter till nine. They were all lounging on the large brown couch in the newly cleaned living room, laughing and drinking as they awaited the pizza person, when there was a knock on the door.


“I’ll get it,” Hunter said, standing up from his spot on the couch. He wiped the froth of beer off his top lip, making his way to the door and pulling it open with a whoosh. The air in his lungs mimicked the door, flying out his body as the door swung open to reveal Bobbi. She was dressed in airport attire with her hair up and trying its best to escape from its bind. Hunter blinked as he tried to process how much he loved her, realizing suddenly that fate must have had its hand in air travel that evening. 


“Surprise! I got an earlier flight! I was hoping you’d be the one to answer the door. You would not believe the flight I had. Middle seat, both times! I mean… Uh, babe? Why are you blocking the doorway? Hunter… are you alright?”


Stuck in the entryway, blocked by a stock-still Hunter, Bobbi placed her hand on his upper arm before peeking around him to try and see the other residents. She wondered if perhaps they had any explanation for her boyfriend’s odd behavior. However, they had all disappeared, having hidden just out of sight at the sound of Bobbi’s voice. 


“Uh, Hunter?”


Suddenly, instinct kicked in and Hunter’s body moved on its own accord. Bobbi’s eyebrows knitted in confusion as she watched him kneel down to the ground. Realization dawned on her as she processed what his gesture entailed, tears forming against her will in her eyes.


“Hunter, what are you doing?”


“Bob,” Hunter started, but his voice choked. He cleared it and started again as he pulled out his wallet. He took out a five-dollar bill, the one folded behind his driver’s license and turned it over in his fingers. 


“Do you remember when I made that bet… the bet that I would marry you? You know, it was the only bet that I have ever truly wished to win because… because it would make me the luckiest bloke in the world. So, Bobbi Morse, will you--wait, shit! I don’t have the ring! I mean I have--” Hunter’s face flushed crimson as he looked around himself as if the ring would appear somewhere next to him. Bobbi, giving up on her tough exterior and allowing her tears to flow freely, burst into laughter.


From somewhere to Hunter’s left came a loud psst noise, drawing Hunter’s attention. Fitz, who had bolted to Hunter’s room and back, tossed the velvet box to Hunter, causing Bobbi to laugh even more as the box suddenly flew out from nowhere. 


“Right,” Hunter continued and Bobbi took in a shaky breath, “Bobbi Morse, will you marry me?” There was a suspenseful pause before Bobbi nodded her head, leaping into Hunter’s arms and planting a passionate kiss on his lips.


“Audible confirmation please!” Daisy shouted.


Bobbi broke away from Hunter, rolling her eyes. “Yes!”


Cheers came from around the corner as Bobbi’s and Hunter’s friend’s descended upon them. Daisy broke into a chant, as she often did, and there were cries of congratulations all around. When the poor pizza man arrived at the open door, he didn’t quite know what to do. His confusion, however, was quickly replaced with thanks as the excitement buzzing in the room earned him a generous tip. The group gathered around on the couch, celebrating the engagement by digging into the pizza, toasting their friends with their beers, and taking in the ‘fresh’ scent of the lovely clean loft. 




The Binder and The Boxes
Chapter Notes
I'm back updating this fic! I've been super busy with school and Promptober but don't think for a second I forgot about this. This story is wrapping up and will probably be finished in two to three more chapters, so stay tuned for those. Thank you so much for reading this fic and keeping up with it! Enjoy!




Jemma had always understood that life came with changes. Every year brought about new moments and markers in life but it was still strange that this particular one had an entire binder dedicated to it. As the maid of honor and organization connoisseur, Jemma had created Bobbi’s wedding binder herself. Each addition to the binder was dictated and approved by Bobbi and Hunter of course, but Jemma was the one who organized it all. It was one of those giant three-ring binders, each section split up by a color-coded divider and holding ridiculous amounts of papers with sticky notes marking favorites of this or that. Jemma was very proud of the system and it seemed like good practice for when she would need to make one for her own wedding, not that she was thinking of marriage or anything. She had only thought about her and Fitz’s possible theoretical wedding once or twice, or a thousand times, but she didn’t dare mention it for fear of scaring him. Besides, it was Hunter’s and Bobbi’s wedding that she needed to focus on planning, not a wedding that wasn’t even necessary yet. 


The large binder rested on the kitchen table for the next ten months, occasionally floating about the loft and opened at least once a day, someone always adding something to one of the thousands of pages or leaving ideas on one of the hundred or so neon sticky notes. However, markings of any kind added by anyone other than the bride, groom, or Jemma were soon banned after Mack and Fitz had gotten bored one night and doodled on the pages. Now many of the wedding dress and tuxedo models had boxy hats or inky black sunglasses, some also sporting terrifying handlebar mustaches, and there was an entire wedding location that had been overrun by outline monkeys. So the boys were banned from the binder.


The coming wedding of Hunter and Bobbi was not the only change, however. In the months following their engagement, the two had been house hunting, searching for their newly-wed starter home. It was a topic none of them really talked about, the conversation always shifting quickly on the offhand someone brought it up, even more so after their offer on a home had been approved. The idea of the loft dynamics shifting so drastically set Fitz on edge and was why he reacted the way he did on a Saturday afternoon at the end of May. 


The loft was particularly empty that particular Saturday, everyone running errands except Fitz and Jemma. Mack and Elena were mysteriously missing, ‘finishing up a few things’ as they had put it, while Bobbi and Hunter went to get moving boxes and packing tape. Jemma was grading her last batch of papers while Fitz forcefully distracted himself by sketching away at his latest design.


“Are you alright, Fitz?” Jemma asked as Fitz furiously erased at part of his new and improved Mouse Hole. 


He looked up from the paper, his grimace melting as his eyes met hers. “Yeah, I’m okay. Just stressed with work and--”


“Everything else,” Jemma finished, draping her hand over Fitz’s. 


“Yeah. And everything else.”


Gently, Jemma cupped Fitz’s jaw, her fingers roaming over his scruff as she locked hazel eyes to his blue. Fitz leaned in to kiss his girlfriend softly and sweetly, before pulling back to look into her eyes once more.


“Actually Jems there’s something really important I need to tell you about work.”


“Really? Did you hear more about that meeting you had on Thursday” Jemma asked as she searched his face curiously.


Thursday had been one of the most stressful moments in Fitz’s career, the meeting he had been called to by Tony Stark making him present the latest models of his drones in front of a bunch of tech bigwigs and Stark himself. Fitz even had to wear a rather fancy suit, the black and white one that Jemma had picked out and appreciated him in and out of more than once. She hadn’t yet heard the details and results of the meetings, Fitz himself only having found out late Friday night.


“Uh, yes it does. I was going to surprise you with it tonight but I kind of can’t wait--”


Just as Jemma leaned in closer to listen, the door burst open, Hunter falling into the room dragging a load of flattened boxes, holding a bag full of tape in his teeth.


“We have returned,” Hunter said, spitting out the bag to let it clunk to the floor.


“We haven’t returned all the way, Hunter. Will you not stop in the doorway, please,” Bobbi called from behind, kicking him gently in the ass to push him onwards.


“Oi, Bob! I’m movin’ alright!”


 
With a great final heave, Hunter pulled the boxes further into the main room, raising his arms in the air with triumph. The moment his hands left the cardboard, the boxes fell like dominoes, each making a “thwap” sound as they did. 


Bobbi rolled her eyes as she shut the door behind herself. “Nice.”


Placing his hands on his hips, Hunter heaved a deep sigh to collect himself. He then dragged the boxes to lean against the couch while Jemma and Fitz, abandoning their work next to The Binder at the dining table, came over to watch his struggle with Bobbi.


“Really. None of you are going to help?” Hunter grunted, swearing loudly as the boxes slid once more, tripping him as he tried to avoid them.


Trying to control his laughter, Fitz bent down to assist his friend. He quickly picked up a few boxes and leaned them against the sofa, Hunter following just behind with the rest.


“Great! Now help me put them together,” Hunter said as he clapped his hands at his chest. 


“You guys are packing today?” Fitz asked. He brought his hand up to tug at his ear, quickly letting go as his friend caught the gesture.


“Uh, yeah mate. Remember, I got to be out of here by next Friday because of--”


“The paperwork. Yeah. I remember now.”


Just as Hunter was about to say something the front door swung open once more, Mack and Elena entering with a jingle of keys. 


“Good, everyone is here.” Mack cleared his throat, his broad shoulders purposefully set back, “I’m calling a loft meeting. Yes, Jemma I know we had one last week but this is--uh-- it’s kind of important.” He wore an oddly resigned expression and his hands fidgeted with the keys he was holding as he talked, his eyes bouncing to each resident of the loft. Elena moved over to wrap her arm around his waist in a comforting side-hug and at the gesture, Fitz felt his stomach plummet. This couldn’t be good.


“So. Elena and I got a place, our own apartment. We made an offer a few weeks ago and the deal just went through. It’s ours.”


The room went dead silent as everyone took in the blow, Hunter going to lean back against the couch. At the movement, the delicately placed boxes tumbled down, pushing Hunter forward and slipping with their signature “thwap.” 


“Bloody hell!” Hunter shouted, falling away from the cascading boxes and narrowly avoiding face planting. Fitz closed his eyes tight while Bobbi rubbed her forehead with her palm. It was turning out to be quite the Saturday in May.



“Fitz? What are you doing?” Jemma asked thirty minutes later as her boyfriend feverishly taped moving boxes together, slicing the air with the sound of screaming tape. She was sitting on the couch between Elena and Bobbi, the three women watching as he worked with slightly worried looks plastered on each of their faces.


“I’m building boxes,” he replied simply, his eyes never drifting from his work. There was another bout of wrenching tape over cardboard and the sound did nothing to break the tension slowly descending like a fog in the air. 


Hunter, who was standing against the wide windows with his arms crossed, narrowed his gaze at his friend. “Yeah, mate. We can see that. The thing is, it looks like you’ve been possessed by the ghost of a pissed-off Christmas elf.”


“I’m just building boxes.”


Jemma and Hunter exchanged glances as Mack quietly entered the room from the kitchen, coming to stand next to Hunter.


“He’s still taping boxes?” Mack asked, joining in the spectating of what appeared to be a sport only Fitz was aware of.


“Yeah. We didn’t buy that many so he should be through soon.”


Fitz chucked the last finished box to the side before coming up to stand. His cheeks were flushed and he looked more tired than he had earlier that day. He surveyed his friends before leaning down to pick up the box he had slid aside, grabbing it by one of the flaps. “So, are we packing or what?” 


“Fitz, mate, are you angry or something?” Hunter asked, following his friend as he marched to the kitchen.


“Angry?” Fitz scoffed, his face working into a smile, “I’m not angry, Hunter. Really. You said you needed to be out by Friday and Mack needs to be out soon after. Boxes have now come to infest the loft so might as well pack.” His voice was nowhere near angry, in fact, it seemed to be completely normal. Somehow that was more worrying than the alternative. 


Mack watched as Fitz steadily started to take things out of the kitchen cabinets, organizing them into three piles, as Hunter went around the counter, looking at each pile curiously. He could tell what Fitz was doing, seeing that they’re color-coded cereal bowls (Jemma’s contribution) were each in a separate pile except for the one pile that had two, Fitz and Jemma’s. 


Hunter, noticing something was off with the piles, picked up one of the items on the counter and lightly pushed it to the pile he recognized as his.


“What are you doing,” Fitz snapped, his head whipping over his shoulder as he brought down his monkey mug, holding it by the tail-handle.


Hunter brought his shoulders to his ears, his brows creasing as he shrugged. “You put my mug in the wrong pile.”


“Your mug,” Fitz scoffed, “I bought those mugs when we first moved here. So, they’re my mugs.”


“Well if we’re playing the purchased counts as ownership game--”


“That’s what it means to purchase something!”


“Than the kettle is mine.”


Fitz’s eyes narrowed with vexation and he slowly placed the monkey mug down. “If I remember rightly, we 

split

 the cost of that.”


“Well, you can’t split a kettle can you, mate.”


“Anything split stays in the loft.”


It was at that point that Mack joined in. “Now hold on a second, Turbo. How in the hell is that fair.”


“Yeah! I’m with Mack. If anything we should get the free stuff considering we’re, you know, paying for new places to live.”


A strange look passed over Fitz’s face but the other two men were too focused on their argument to see it flash behind his eyes. Jemma, however, didn’t.


“Fitz,” she started, moving slightly closer to the action in the kitchen, but she was cut off as Hunter bolted and yanked the electric kettle out from the wall.


Fitz followed after Hunter. “What are you doing?” 


“I’ve claimed the kettle,” he shouted as Fitz tried to tug it out of his grasp, nearly flipping over as Hunter bent down to try and throw him off. Mack meanwhile, seeing where the claiming was heading, started for other objects in the house.


“Oi!” Hunter called, noticing Mack moving towards the Xbox

.

 “What in the hell do you think you’re doing?” Hunter darted towards Mack, still clutching the electric kettle and leaving Fitz in the kitchen to move the mug that started the whole mess back into his own pile. 


“I bought the Xbox,” Mack stated as he bent down and quickly started to remove the console from its location.


“And who bought all the games, hu?” Fitz shouted, joining Hunter as he tried to pry Mack away from the television.


Despite Hunter’s attempt at pulling him back, his entire bit of strength going to the cause, Mack managed to squeak out a few words. “Console trumps games.”


“In what world?” Fitz let go of Mack and stepped back, his eyes on his original prize. 


“Yeah--hey! Fitz! Put that bloody kettle down!”


Fitz vaulted the large brown couch, the kettle Hunter had put down in hand with the cord dragging, nearly running into Jemma who wasn’t quite sure what was going on, before jumping onto the dining room table. The Wedding Binder got knocked to the very edge of the table and Bobbi quickly rushed to grab it before it fell. After muttering a quick apology to Bobbi, Fitz held the kettle aloft on the table. Meanwhile, Mack held the Xbox to his chest, standing in front of the T.V., and in the middle of the other two men stood Hunter trying to decide what to do. He looked between the two quickly, his head going from side to side like he was watching a tennis match before he bolted for the 

Douchebag Jar

.


“Oh hell no!” 


Mack was after Hunter in a nanosecond, placing the Xbox down before sending the Brit to the floor, causing him to shout as many curse words as could come to his mind, his head tucked into the fetal position and cradling the jar.


“Fitz!”


“On it!”


Fitz jumped off the table, quickly handing Jemma the kettle before sliding--rather rockstar like--on the floor to land hardwood to Mack. Between the two of them, they managed to wrangle the mason jar out of Hunter’s hands, feeling a lot like they were playing the trampoline game “crack the egg.”


Seeing the jar as a losing battle, Hunter let go of the item, sending Mack and Fitz flying backward. Jumping to his feet in haste, he grabbed one of the cardboard boxes by the rim and began chucking whatever he could find into its depths with little care of who had purchased the object. Instead of fighting him, Mack and Fitz followed suit, the trio of men occasionally shoving and fighting for certain random whats-its, all of them oddly protective of a particular sci-fi looking lamp and a random Grumpy Cat mug.  


If they were all being honest, none of them could clearly remember what all belonged to who, everything just sort of being theirs as a unit. So many things had been borrowed and loaned and shared that nothing that laid outside their respective rooms, except for perhaps toiletries and their color-coded bowls, really was any one particular person’s. 


It was in a shattering moment that Fitz’s had the realization, the breaking apart of a rather long-running house dynamic that was occurring, and the thought hit him with such force that his shoulders physically sagged with the weight. Letting go of the football that Hunter was trying to wrestle away from him, the sudden lack of a counter-pull sending them both back a few steps, Fitz turned away from his friends. He could feel Jemma looking at him and he knew for a fact that Bobbi, Elena, Mack, and Hunter were as well, but he couldn’t care anymore. Something was stuck in his throat and his eyes burned.


“Take whatever. Jems and I don’t need much. And you guys are right, your paying for other things.” 


“Fitz--”


“We--”


He cut them off with his hand, his face still turned away from theirs as the room went still, as still as it had been when all the news about everyone moving had broken. Something was whirring in Fitz’s chest and for some reason he couldn’t stand being in everyone’s sight, his feet urging him to move down the hall. 


Obeying the commands of the back of his brain, Fitz walked towards the door of the guestroom, not quite aware of why that was the room he needed to be in. He just knew it was. The door shut behind him and he suddenly felt very alone, his heart hammering in the quiet and his throat tight. His hands found his face and he tried his best to massage out the creases on his forehead, around his eyes, his temples. He just needed the pressure in his brain to diminish, the ache in his shoulders and back. He just needed to breathe.


The door opened so softly he almost didn’t hear it, but catching the slight creek it gave he bolted upright. Jemma smiled at him from the doorway, her head slightly tilted and her hazel eyes looking at him like his lifeline. On instinct, he reached his hand towards her and she took it with delicate fingers that lightly stoked down his palm before entwining with his. She came to sit next to him on the crisp linen of the bed, her right hand cool in his as her left gently touched his knee.


“Hi,” she whispered, her face close to his.


“Hi.”


“Tell me what you’re thinking, Fitz.”


He slowly turned and looked into her eyes. Jemma noticed that the blue was speckled with tiny bits of worry along with the loss she knew would be there. He just looked at her for a second, thoughts rolling about in his head before his face twitched and he looked forward.


“The loft smelled like pizza for the first six days we lived here. We hadn’t gotten a stove yet, so we just ate pizza.”


Jemma’s eyes widened slightly, the comment unexpected. The shock transformed into a grimace as the idea of six days straight of pizza sank in. She enjoyed pizza, sure, but six nights of it sounded slightly awful.


“Yeah,” Fitz chuckled, noticing the horror on her face, “But it was cheap and it was pizza so none of us were complaining.”


Some of the sadness in Fitz’s eyes drained slightly as the memory took hold in the front of his brain and a smile began to tug at the corner of his lips without being completely there.


“I’m not surprised that this is happening. I mean, it makes sense. Hunter and Bobbi are engaged and Mack and Elena essentially live together already, it’s the logical next step for all of us. ” His eyes cast down to their entwined hands before looking back up into her eyes. “And I know you and I were even thinking about moving… it’s just odd to think of this place empty is all.” Jemma nodded and squeezed his knee before placing her head on his shoulder. 


They sat like that for a moment and in the quiet they could hear the sound of actual packing going on, boxes sliding on floors and tape squeaking. As she felt Fitz begin to calm, his head tilting until their temples met and his shoulders relaxing, Jemma finally spoke.


“So what do you want to do?” Her voice was light and calm and her breath hit his neck like a warm calming wave. Fitz took a large gulp of air, and Jemma noticed him bite his lip shyly.


“What if you and I get a place of our own as well?”


Jemma sat up from his shoulder, looking deep into his eyes. “You mean move out of the loft?”


“Uh,” he scratched his ear, “If you’d like to.”


A large smile pulled at Jemma’s lips and she let go of his hand to begin drawing circles on his back with her fingers. “I’d love to. More than anything.”


“Really?” Fitz asked, his eyes shining warmly all of a sudden.


“Of course, Fitz. I mean, I love the loft and all but with everyone gone it’s not going to be quite the same. And it’s far too big for just the two of us so I don’t think we’ll be able to afford it without roommates and I’d rather it just be the two of us-- what?” Jemma paused as a strangely self-conscious look passed over Fitz’s face. He rubbed at the back of his neck and the gesture made Jemma scoot away to see him better, understanding that he was about to tell her something important.


“We could afford it. The loft, I mean.”


Jemma’s eyebrows drew together, her head turning to the side slightly as her brain tried to work at what he meant. “Fitz?”


“I was going to tell you earlier before Hunter came in with the boxes. It’s--uh--I heard back about the meeting.”


Jemma’s heart began to race as she took in Fitz’s expression. His blue eyes were darting about sheepishly and he bit his lip with nerves and… pride.”


“Tony Stark sort of incorporated me into part of his business.”


Jemma’s mouth fell open into an open smile, her breath hitching. “What does that mean, Fitz?” she asked, drinking him in.


“It means my designs are going to be manufactured, I’ll work personally with Tony Stark, I have shares in the company, and we could definitely afford the loft. We might also have to name our firstborn after Radcliffe for getting me the job, but--”


Jemma cut him off with a kiss, only parting to wrap her arms around his neck and hold him close.


“I’m so unbelievably proud of you, Fitz,” she murmured into his shoulder, “But there is no way in hell we are naming our child Holden or Radcliffe.” He chuckled lightly before closing his eyes and drinking her in, not wishing to part from the closeness. They did, however, but quickly crashed their lips back into a connection. 


“I love you,” Fitz whispered against her mouth.


“I love you, too. So much.” 


They looked at one another intensely, still linked rather close before Fitz ducked his forehead to meet hers lightly.


“So, you want to move in together. And not just into the same room?”


Jemma laughed lightly, her chuckle like chimes. “Absolutely.”


“Then I guess we should start looking for a place. I was thinking somewhere closer to your school, that way your commute wouldn’t be as long. And I know you’ve always wanted a breakfast nook. Oh, and double sinks--”


Once again, Jemma cut him off with a kiss.



By the time evening rolled around, everyone was rather exhausted from packing. They had figured out a claiming system, packing the items that obviously belonged to them first before sorting out the rest. Even after all that work, they were nowhere close to done. The loft was in just a little bit of chaos, boxes and items just sort of scattered around, but they decided to call it a night. After the long day, the group sat with their feet up on the couch as they chatted and ate far too many slices of pizza. Jemma had her computer on her lap, scrolling through house listings with Fitz, showing the group when they found something interesting.  


It was definitely odd, having half the loft packed away in boxes with more to go and there was still a strange feeling of change permeating throughout the place. But, leaving the loft didn’t mean leaving each other. That, after all they had been through and the family the created, was just sort of impossible.  




Mr. Badger's Wedding
Chapter Notes
So, this isn't kind of late. This is very late. I'm so sorry it took me absolutely freaking forever to update this fic. Promptober happened and then work and finals and this poor fic got pushed to the side. But I love it to bits and I am determined to finish it before the new year. Thank you all so much for your patience with me and for being absolute gems of humans. I seriously cannot thank you enough for being so kind and wonderful and for making dark days brighter. Anyway, enough of Maggie rants! Enjoy the story! 💕




On the outside, Bobbi and Hunter’s wedding had gone off without a hitch. The decor was beautiful, as was the location, and many a person commented on the wonderful array of food that had been offered for dinner. There was also an open bar with a jovial bartender, something Hunter had been absolutely adamant about in the planning process. In fact, it and “get married hopefully” were the only two things in his “must-have” section of the wedding binder, and both of those things came to pass. However, to those who dealt with the inner workings of the wedding, saying it went off without a hitch would be a downright lie. And it was all thanks to Mr. Badger.


The morning started off well enough, everyone buzzing around the loft trying to get ready on time. Jemma, who despite the ample amount of time she had carved out for them to get from the loft to the wedding venue, was feeling so rushed that she was simultaneously trying to get her and Fitz ready.


“Jemma, how do you think I look?” Fitz asked looking at his girlfriend from where he stood next to the windows of their room.


Jemma gave him a quick once over without really truly looking at him as she pulled on a pair of black heels. “You look great, Fitz.”


“Really? You like the double tie look?”


“What?”


“You put a tie on me when I was already wearing one.”


Jemma’s foot fell back to the ground as she straightened up to get a better look at him. He was, in fact, wearing two ties along with a small little smirk lightened by kind eyes.


“Well that’s not right is it?” Jemma said, her hands coming to her hips for a moment before she walked over to him. He stepped closer into her personal zone and cupped her face in his hands, massaging the anxious crease that had formed between her brows.


“It could just be a fashion choice,” he shrugged, his warm voice falling sweetly on her face as he said it. Letting out a laugh-laced sigh, Jemma leaned into Fitz’s embrace and allowed herself a moment to relax.


“As believable as that sounds I don’t think Bobbi and Hunter’s wedding is the place to make a fashion statement.” She leaned slightly away from him so as to see his face before quickly planting a kiss on his lips, “But, you still look handsome.” 


As she went to turn away, he held onto her hand and lightly tugged so that she rolled back into his chest.


“It’s going to be great, Jems,” he whispered softly as he tucked his finger under her chin, their slight difference in height, even with her short heels, making it so she had to tilt her head up to meet his gaze. “You did such a great job organizing it that we would have to actively try to derail it for something to go wrong.”


Jemma scoffed, turning to walk out of the room and gather everyone up to go. “Fitz, I love you, but after living in this loft for almost two and a half years I have learned not to doubt just how off-track something can even accidentally get.”


“How do you mean?” he asked, jogging slightly to catch up to her as she rounded into the main room.


“Do you not remember the fiasco that was Christmas or Thanksgiving or really any event we have remotely tried to plan for? I mean, do you not remember Mack’s birthday?”


Fitz did remember Mack’s birthday a few months previously. He especially remembered the giant bruise that had formed on his shoulder after Mack had launched him off the beanbag. “Okay,” he said nodding, “point taken. But, I still have faith in your planning abilities.”


Jemma shot him a warm smile. “Thank you, Fitz.”


As Jemma turned to plant another short and sweet kiss onto her boyfriend’s lips, Daisy decided that was the moment to burst loudly into the loft, splitting the two apart. Her hair and makeup were both done and she was carrying her dusty-purple bridesmaid dress over her shoulder, radiating a happy energy that always tended to alleviate stress.


“What’s up party people! Who’s ready to watch our crazy kids get married today!”


“Whoo!” Mack responded from the kitchen, his loud disembodied voice powerful enough to maintain its volume even from around the corner 


Daisy’s face broke into a wide mauve lip-glossed smile as she raised her free arm above her head and whooped again. Mack rounded in with a travel mug of coffee and the whooping pair gave each other a cracking high-five that nearly caused the contents of the mug to spill over the rim and onto Mack’s starched white shirt. Okay, so Jemma might have had a point in being cautious.



When they arrived at the venue they were a solid two hours early, which meant they were on time for their helping-out duties. All three men were dressed already and so they just ended up lingering about and pushing things into different locations like they knew where they were supposed to go. For the most part, Fitz and Mack were just keeping Hunter occupied and calm as the normally suave groom was sort of a mess with nerves. 


Meanwhile, Jemma sped off to help Bobbi get ready and make sure everything was in order on her way there. Daisy was supposed to be trailing behind her but ended up getting distracted by a man with a rattling cage walking through the front door.


“Umm, hello,” Daisy greeted as she strode towards the man. He was wearing an olive green jumpsuit and as he turned towards her whatever was in the cage gave a loud grunt.


The man tightened his hold on the cage and gave Daisy a cheery smile, “Hello there! I’m here with the badger.”


Daisy blinked at the man, her mind trying to process if he was joking or not. The cage made another noise and she quickly crossed out the likelihood that the jumpsuited guy was joking.  


“I’m afraid my friends didn’t order a badger for their wedding.”


“Wedding?”


Daisy and the man continued to exchange befuddled glances as Mack moseyed over with a bag of pretzels under his arm, his feet planting next to his friend.


“What’s going on?” he asked over the squeaking of the rather large bag of the salty snack.


The jumpsuit-badger-man turned his attention to the newcomer. “I think we’ve had some sort of mix up. I must have gotten the address wrong or something. This was supposed to be for a school prom.”


“Who the hell has a badger at their school prom?” Mack asked, his whole face contorted with confusion.


The man shrugged. “I don’t order them, I just provide them.”


“Is badger-deliverer a lucrative business?” Daisy questioned, her brows drawn together but a smile curving on her lips.


“We don’t 

just 

provide badgers.”


As if the badger had taken offense to not being enough for its handler, the cage gave another little grunt. It struck Daisy’s curiosity and she bent her knees to see through the cross-hatched gate. So focused on the animal, she didn’t notice that the door wasn’t completely shut. Instead, she giggled as the black and white badger sniffed at her, his little nose twitching in interest. 


“Mack, look at him! He’s so cute!”


Mack grimaced slightly, his face scrunching towards his nose while Daisy wiggled her manicured fingers at the animal. The badger retreated further into the small plastic box with another sniff of its nose. 


“Shouldn’t those be in the wild?” Mack asked, backing up just a step.


“Yeah,” jumpsuit man replied, setting the badger down to scratch under his hat. “They aren’t the biggest fans of humans. Mr. Badger here stuck to the back of his cage the whole car ride.”


“Poor little guy,” Daisy lamented as she straightened up. “And the car ride wasn’t even worth his worry.” She crossed her arms over her chest and backed up next to Mack. 


Mack heaved a deep breath. “Well, I’m sorry that we wasted your time.” 


The man waved his hand in front of his face and shook his hatted head. “Not your fault I got the address wrong. I’m sorry I wasted 

your 

time. Congrats to your friends though.”


“Thank you.”


As the man gave them a final smile, he adjusted his hat more firmly on his head and picked up the cage. The moment he picked it up, Daisy could sense something was wrong. His face had gone very pale and his eyes were filled with fear. 


“Is everything alright?” she asked slowly. The man held up the cage a little higher and the gate swung uselessly open, Mr. Badger-less. Daisy felt her mouth open and quickly looked to Mack, who had gone very still.


“That badger did not just escape,” Mack groaned, his eyes going very large and his head following the curve of his intonation.


“His name is Mr. Badger,” Daisy supplied unhelpfully, “and yes, yes he did.”


Mack closed his eyes for just a second, his broad chest rising and falling in what must have been an attempt at a steady breath. “Jemma’s going to kill us.”



Jemma rushed towards Bobbi’s dressing room, straightening out the occasional bouquet or picture frame as she went. Her anxiety around the wedding happening in a nice and neat and tidy manner was coursing through her veins so brightly that she glowed with it and fixing things here and there provided only a small bit of relief. At some point along the way she had lost Daisy but she didn’t have time to try and figure out where her friend had gone. Her focus was supposed to be on making sure the wedding didn’t have any unnecessary surprises and that Bobbi and Hunter were both calm and happy. 


“Good morning Bobbi!” Jemma called as cheerfully as she could as she walked into Bobbi’s room. The place was decked in flowers and smelled of perfume and hairspray and for the most part it seemed the perfect place for a bride to happily get ready. But Jemma could sense something was off the moment she walked through the door. For one thing, her friend wasn’t there. 


“Bobbi?”


The door to the ensuite bathroom opened with such a flourish Jemma was surprised the handle didn’t make a dent in the wall behind it. The worry about paying for venue damages quickly drained from her mind, however, as Bobbi sped over to her with a very drawn out shout of, “Jemma!”


She did not need to ask what had caused her normally composed friend to suddenly devolve into a frantic tornado of a bride. The bottom half of Bobbi’s face was covered in what appeared to be a smearing of black permanent marker. It was a good thing she had lost Daisy, who most definitely would have dissolved into a fit of giggles, or someone might have gotten punched. 


“What--” Jemma started, but Bobbi was in no mood to let her finish her question. Besides, it was obvious what the question was going to be.


“It’s Sharpie!” Bobbi exclaimed, her hands flying up to make a very frustrated “ta-da” gesture by her cheeks. “I wrote myself a reminder on the back of my hand in permanent marker before I went to bed and it must've not been dry because now it's all over my face and I tried to get it off and it wasn’t working so now I managed to smear it all across my cheeks and I can’t get it off with water and--”


“Bobbi!” Jemma’s shout cut off her friend’s frenetic ranting. She took a deep breath and Bobbi copied before flinging herself down onto the floral-patterned loveseat, her hands covering her marker-covered face. Jemma stood in front of the piece of furniture, staring down at the top of her friend’s blonde head. “I’ll go get something to get the rest of it off and then we’ll get your makeup done and no one will ever know.” She rested a comforting hand on her friend’s shoulder. “It’ll be okay.”


Bobbi nodded, her face still etched with worry. It was more vulnerable than Jemma had seen her in quite some time. “Thank you, Jems. You’re the best.”


“Of course. That’s what maids of honor are for.” 


With a final squeeze of Bobbi’s shoulder, Jemma rushed out of the room. With the addition of de-smudging Bobbi’s face, Jemma’s own stress went up another worrying notch. Jemma, aiming for the kitchens, cut through the ballroom that would later serve as the reception area, her heels clicking against the wood of the dance floor. The room was beautiful and Jemma was rather proud of her location pick. It had charming high windows that were currently filling the room with a buoyant energy and would later bring in the stars and moonshine and was brimming with the smell of fresh flowers. She looked around, pleased at the decor, before catching sight of the open bar. Something about the bartender struck her as off, his face shining with sweat and his breathing focused, forced, and labored. Another uncomfortable feeling of dread poured down her. This couldn’t be good. 


“Hello,” Jemma greeted the bartender cheerfully, her bridesmaid’s dress swishing across her calves as she came to a halt. “Is everything okay?”


The man tried to give her a smile but his eyes screamed at her. “I’m okay, ma’am.” He did not look okay at all. 


“Are you sure? Please don’t take this the wrong way, but you look rather ill.”


She thought the man tried to shake his head then but the movement made his eyes roll back slightly and she immediately jumped into teacher mode. 


“That’s it,” she declared, rushing behind the bar to steady the poor sick bartender, who was swaying where he stood. “You are to go home at once. Uh ah ah, you aren’t feeling like yourself and besides, there’s no use getting all the guests sick at a wedding.” 


Setting the man down upon a chair, Jemma quickly called him a cab home. Once she saw the driver was on their way she gingerly helped the poor bartender to his feet and began to get him to the exit. He was sort of dead weight as she helped him towards the front entrance and they had to stop once or twice on their way, the man trying to get his bearings and keep himself from being sick. Almost at the front door of the building, the bartender wavered and fell to steady himself on a wall, giving Jemma a minute to stretch out her shoulder. Just as she offered her arm once more she caught a wisp of movement at the end of the hall, catching a fleeting glimpse of a dusty-purple colored skirt. But her mind was elsewhere and she wasn’t going to question what had Daisy in such a hurry.


Finally getting the bartender into the cab, a very fluttering feeling of panic burst into Jemma’s chest as she watched him go, the cab speeding off into the distance. On top of everything else, she was down a bartender and if she didn’t find one soon Hunter was going to have a fit. Ready to pull at her hair and scream, Jemma turned on her heel and marched back into the building and directly into Fitz. 


“Hey Jems,” he greeted happily, his arms steadying her as she nearly twisted on her heel. “How’s everything going? How’s Bobbi?”


Fitz knew he had asked just the wrong thing the moment the words had left his lips and Jemma’s eyes had burst into flame. 


“Oh, everything is going just perfectly!” Jemma said with an almost hysterical look on her face. “The wedding starts in almost an hour, Bobbi doesn’t have her hair or makeup done, and oh, guess what? She has permanent marker smeared on half her face.”


Fitz blinked, Jemma’s words coming so fast that he couldn’t do much else. “That all would have been fine,” she continued, “I can deal with marker and not enough time to do hair and makeup. I can manage a time crunch and a bit of stress. I deal with twelve-year-olds for a living for heaven’s sake! But then the bartender goes ahead and falls ill! The one thing Hunter asked for was an open bar and there isn’t a bloody bartender!” 


Jemma grasped the collar of Fitz’s suit jacket and ducked her head into his chest. She took in as much Fitz scented air as she could, grounding herself in the smell of him. His arms came to wrap around her and he put his chin gently on the top of her bent head.


“It’ll be alright, Jems. We’ll figure it out.”


Jemma rolled her forehead side to side on his chest and dropped her shoulders with a sigh. “I’m never getting married.”


The hands that had been tracing circles on her back went still and she could feel Fitz go rigid for a fraction of a second before he pulled away. Catching the shift in her boyfriend’s mood, Jemma looked up into his face. The disappointed look that fell over his handsome features was quickly pushed away and replaced by a stock expression and then a small smile. 


“Yeah,” he replied quietly, “What a hassle.”


There was something embedded in his tone of voice that Jemma couldn’t decode and by the time she started trying he had already switched topics and began to distance himself. 


“I guess I should let you get back to Bobbi,” he declared, his feet slowly backing away from her, “and I need to get back to finding Mack and the pretzels he was supposed to be getting Hunter. Let me know if you need me.” He called the last bit from a rather good distance away before he turned to the side and ducked down the adjoining hallway. The moment she lost sight of him, Jemma couldn’t help but think that in her frustration and panic she had said something horribly wrong. 



Fitz knew it was irrational and ridiculous to be so upset about what Jemma had said. He wasn’t even sure if she had meant it when she had declared that she never wanted to get married. She was just anxious about making sure Bobbi and Hunter’s wedding went smoothly and was stressed by everything that was going wrong. It wasn’t that she 

really 

didn’t want to get married and if she truly didn’t he would accept it. Besides, it wasn’t that he had been planning on asking her to marry him or anything. It was completely normal to look at engagement rings in your spare time and subtly ask your friends what they thought about such things… 


Fitz barrelled down the long hallway, his phone to his ear as he called up a friend from the bar for a favor. Once he hung up the call, his mind began to drift in and out on what exactly he was heading down the hall for. Perhaps the hallway was cutting him a break and decided to throw him a bone, shoving Mack and the pretzels down the hallway for him to find.


“Mack! There you are. How long does it take to find a sodding bag of pretzels?” Fitz hollered down the hall, still walking towards his friend. Suddenly, Mack stopped dead in the shortening gap between them.


“Turbo!” he shouted, “Catch it!”


But Fitz wasn’t quick enough and all of a sudden a small animal came sprinting past him to duck into an open air duct that sat half-an-inch off the floor. Just as Fitz was going to yell a question about what the hell just went into the vent, Daisy rounded in from the ballroom. 


“Did you find Mr. Badger?”


“Mr. what now?” Fitz exclaimed. 


Daisy quickly put on an over-happy smile. “Oh, heeey Fitz. How’re you? Lookin’ snazzy in your suit.”


“Daisy, why did a badger just run into the vents?”


Instead of answering, she quickly dropped her smile and rounded on Mack. “You let Mr. Badger get into the vents!”


“It was not my fault,” Mack scoffed, his head cocked to the side in frustration, “Fitz let him get past him into the duct!”


“Hey! Why is that grate even open in the first place?” Fitz shot back before pinching his nose. “What the hell am I even talking about, the more important question is why is there a 

badger

 running around in the first place?!”


Daisy huffed. “Because badger-deliverer-man is not very good at delivering badgers.”


“What?!”


The trio stood in a circle next to the open air vent, staring at one another with varying degrees of emotion on their faces. Mack looked unsurprised by, but completely over, the day’s events thus far, Daisy showed an odd mixture of amusement and frustration, and Fitz just looked confused. 


“Well,” Mack said, breaking the pause of awkward silence, “I think we need to go and get Jemma.”


Fitz’s response was immediate. “No! That’s not a good plan, that’s a bad plan, very poorly thought out. There is no way in hell I am stressing Jemma out further with this. No, we deal with this just the three of us.”


“Four. Badger-deliverer-man is looking too.”


“Where is he then?” Fitz snapped. His head went side to side as if the man would suddenly appear in his sights. 


Daisy bobbed her head, her response coming out staccato. “That is a good question.”


“Yeah… I say we don’t rely too heavily on badger-man.” 


Fitz bent down to look at the vent, coming to lay flat on his stomach so as to peer down the sheet-metal duct. Daisy and Mack squatted down next to him.


“Yep,” Fitz’s sigh laced with an air of resignation, “the badger--”


“Mr. Badger. Don’t look at me like that, boys. He’s got a name, I’m just respecting it.”


“

Mr. 

Badger is too far down for me to gauge where he is,” Fitz announced, laying his face on the carpeted floor for a moment before sitting up. 


Mack shot Daisy a grimace as Fitz continued on. “We’re going to have to corner it and make it come out another vent into its cage. But to do that, one of us is going to have to go--”


“In the vents,” the other two groaned.


“Well, there is no way I’m fitting into the vent so I’ll play receiver.” Mack clapped his hands in front of him happily. If Fitz wasn’t mistaken, he almost made himself look bigger just to prove his point. “So you two can play not-it.”


Daisy shook her head. “Hell no. I’m wearing a dress and Fitz’s got pants. Dress beats pants.” 


“Fine! I guess I’m going into the bloody fuckin’ vents then.” He dropped his shoulders and got back onto his stomach, looking once more into the great sheet-metal beyond. “This has got to be the weirdest wedding we’ve ever been to and last time I got drunk in a photo booth.”


Daisy patted the top of Fitz’s head. “That’s just an average wedding, bud. Now into the vents you go.” 



It didn’t take long for Jemma to locate some olive oil in the kitchens and she even obtained hand sanitizer as another option if the former didn’t work. As she had hunted for the supplies to erase Bobbi’s marker beard, her mind couldn’t help but perseverate on her conversation with Fitz. It had only taken watching him go for it to hit her what had caused him to act as he had. She had said she didn’t want to get married. It had been a statement made in frustration and nerves, not one truly spoken from her heart. 


She wanted to get married and she wanted it to be to Fitz. She knew it with her whole heart. She wanted marriage and kids and a little house with a bright kitchen and a breakfast nook. She wanted a back garden and a big tree and lavender bushes out front. She wanted Fitz forever, every part of him. Happy, grumpy, hungry, excited, she wanted him now and always. 


But now he thought she wanted none of it. All because of a Sharpie four o’clock shadow and a sick bartender. 


Lost in her own spinning thoughts, she was glad when she was distracted by Daisy. For some reason, her friend was laying on her stomach and peering into a vent.


“Daisy?” Jemma called curiously.


Her friend immediately sprang to her bare feet, her high heels off and sitting next to her. “Jemma! Hey! How are you? Wait, what’s with the olive oil and hand sanitizer?”


Jemma looked at her haul in her arms. “Oh, I got them to remove Sharpie.”


“From what?”


“Bobbi’s face. Daisy, stop laughing! It is not funny that our friend has a four o’clock shadow on her wedding day!”


Unable to contain herself, Daisy continued to laugh to the point she was bent over and clutching her stomach. 


“Seriously,” Jemma whined, her vexation returning in a wave, “This is supposed to be a happy occasion and now chaos has ensued! Not to mention, I’ve most likely been stressing everyone out because I just want everything to go well but then I ended up snapping at Fitz and I can’t find him anywhere--”


From somewhere in the wall there came a loud bang and a chitter that sounded like an animal of some kind. 


“What the hell was that?” 


Daisy squinted her eyes and scrunched her nose. “Would you believe me if I said nothing?


“No.”


“Okay, no point in lying then. So funny story… this guy came in asking if we were holding a prom here and he was holding this cage. I told him no we were not throwing a prom but that it was our friend’s wedding and then he showed us he was holding a badger--”


“A badger?!”


“Yes, Jemma, a badger. His name is Mr. Badger and long story short he’s now lost in the vents.”


“I’m so sorry,” Jemma laughed, her head shaking side to side. “I don’t think I heard you right, can you say that again.”


Daisy scrunched her face again. “No. I don’t want you to yell at me.”


Jemma’s face looked similar to that of a person who had been clunked over the head. She blinked once, twice, three times before she spoke again. 


“Okay. I’m going to go find Fitz and we are all going to figure this out.”


Daisy gave a pained open mouth smile. “Mack sort of already informed Fitz about Mr. Badger. Well, Mr. Badger sort of ran past Fitz and into the vents--okay not important. Anyway, we would have told you sooner but Fitz didn’t want to stress you out more so he said that we would just handle it and then we devised a plan and--”


“Fitz is in the vents isn’t he.”


“Yep.”


“Bloody hell.”



After Daisy had assured that the badger-catching trio would get Mr. Badger safe and sound in his cage, Jemma flew off on her way to help Bobbi get ready. 


“Is everything okay, Jems. You look haggard. Beautiful as always but kind of stressed.”


“I’m fine, Bobbi,” Jemma assured, “Now stop talking or you’ll get hand sanitizer in your mouth.” 


The bride-to-be shut her mouth tightly, tucking in her lips for good measure, and let Jemma continue to wipe away the smeared marker with a cotton pad soaked in strong-smelling hand sanitizer.


“There. Good as new,” she announced, taking a step back so Bobbi could look at her reflection in the mirror. A large smile broke over Bobbi’s clean face as she leaned towards the mirror to examine her face further. 


“Thank God! Jemma, you’re a lifesaver! I seriously don’t know what I’d do without you.” She looked over her shoulder and beamed at her friend. “Now for the fun stuff! I’ve got my makeup if you can do my hair.”


Jemma smiled back and nodded, coming to stand behind Bobbi and begin to pin her pre-curled hair into place. 


“Now,” Bobbi began, staring at her maid of honor in the mirror, “spill.”


“Spill what?”


“Whatever is bothering you.”


Jemma’s eyes focused on the lock of hair she was pinning in an elegant spiral as she tsked her tongue.  


“Nothing is bothering me.”


“It’s my wedding day and therefore I demand you tell me what is bothering you or it will bother me. Uh ah ah, tell me. I feel no shame for playing the 

it’s my wedding 

card so don’t even try it.”


Her sigh fluttering a piece of Bobbi’s blonde hair, Jemma finally caved. “I accidentally told Fitz I never wanted to get married. I was stressed about something--don’t worry, I’ll handle it--and I just wanted to say something to vent. And now… now I think he thinks I don’t want to get married. Which is completely wrong because I do! I want to marry him! Oh, I just scratched your scalp with a hairpin.”


Bobbi laughed at Jemma’s little worried expression, quickly turning around to truly look at her friend. “It’s okay. I once scratched Hunter’s scalp so bad it bled.”


“Didn’t need to know that.”


Bobbi let out another bark of laughter. “Jemma, as a person who once got stuck in a bathroom with your boyfriend, I can assure you that there is nothing he loves more than you and that he’s a really good listener. All you have to do is talk to him and it will work out. I promise.”


Jemma gave her friend a watery smile. “Thank you, Bobbi. Gosh, I’m being so silly! This is your wedding, I should be talking down your nerves.”


“You did already! You shaved off my Sharpie beard. That’s your maid of honor duties set.”


They began to laugh and Jemma continued to pin Bobbi’s hair in place. She was pretty much finished styling Bobbi’s long locks when Daisy burst into the room. 


“Wow, Bobbi,” Daisy cooed, “you look as stunning as ever. Radiant! So sorry to interrupt but Jemma the caterers are here and they need you to sign something.”


“Caterers? Daisy--”


“Yes. Caterers. They said that you really need to sign the thing. They kept 

badgering 

me about it.”


Daisy’s eyebrows reached up to her hairline and Jemma immediately dropped her hands away from Bobbi’s hair.


“Is it alright if I go with Daisy to sign for the catering?” she asked, looking at her friend’s curious reflection.


“Yeah, sounds important. Just both of you try and hurry back so you can help me into my dress.”


“Of course!”


“We’ll be back in a jiffy.”


The moment the door to Bobbi’s dressing room closed, the two bridesmaids went sprinting.


“What happened?” Jemma hissed as they rounded a carpeted corner.


“We found a good spot to corner the badger but Fitz said that he couldn’t block it off by himself--”


“How are you communicating with him?”


“We called him. We didn’t just send him in there with no way to communicate. We aren’t stupid. Okay, we’re not 

that 

stupid. Anyway, I was going to crawl in after him but we need two people in there and two people out here for Fitz’s plan to work.”


Jemma nearly collided into Daisy as she suddenly stopped in front of a vent. “So what’s the plan, Dais?” she huffed, exasperated and out of breath from running.


“You need to stand by this vent and make sure the badger doesn’t escape out this way.”


“Wait… you want me to catch a badger!”


“Nooo, I want you to not let 

Mr. 

badger get out this way. Just stand in front of this air duct and shoo him in the other direction if he pops his head out. Also, I want you to cover me so no one looks up my dress as I shimmy into a vent.”


“I don’t think looking up your dress is what someone will do when they find you crawling into an air vent.”


“Fair. Now, let me join you to the call so we can talk and then you cover me.” Daisy grabbed and fiddled with Jemma’s phone before handing it back and getting down to crawl into the air duct. 


“I don’t know what Fitz was so pissed about, I feel like a super spy!”


Using her elbows to army crawl, Daisy disappeared into the duct until Jemma could no longer see where she was heading. 


“Fitz, I’m in the vent,” came Daisy’s crackling voice from the phone. Jemma quickly put the phone off speaker and up to her ear in case anyone passed by.


There was a bit of static and then Fitz’s answer. “Good. Is Jemma on the line?”


“I’m here.”


“Hey, Jemma I’m so sorry this is happening. I’m still not super clear on how this happened--”


“I told you! It was badger-deliverer-man--”


“Who let him loose. I know Daisy! Still, Jems, I’m super sorry.”


Jemma smiled to herself as he spoke, his voice filled with so much worry and remorse that her heart swelled. “It’s okay, Fitz. It wouldn’t be a loft family wedding if something like this didn’t happen. Also, side question, do we know where this deliverer man is?”


There was another round of crackling over the line before Mack’s deep voice made an appearance. “He’s watching another vent just in case.”


“We didn’t exactly trust him with a critical role, you see,” Fitz added through huffs of breath, the sound of elbows meeting sheet-metal echoing on the call. Between him and Daisy, it sounded like they were two-year-olds using baking pans as drum sets.


The normal rhythm of air duct banging was suddenly broken by a loud scream from Daisy. “Aah! I saw Mr. Badger!” 


“Great! Your scream was coming from the right direction--”


“And a little too loudly over the line there, Tremors.”


“So just keep crawling forward and we’ll have him cornered.”


Over the phone call Jemma heard more sounds of movement before Fitz began swearing up a storm, Daisy began screaming again, and there was a series of startled badger grunts. 


“Turbo! Tremors! Everything alright in there?” 


“Fitz?”


There was more swearing that Daisy began contributing to before a reply came. “Mack! It’s--”


“

He’s

.”


“Really Daisy, now? Piss! Mack, he’s heading your way!”


Jemma held her breath as she heard the sound of Mack putting his phone down, at least she guessed that was what the thud sound was. Finally, there was a loud exclamation and the sound of a cage clanging shut and Jemma ducked her head to her chest in relief. 


“Mr. Badger is secure,” Mack informed cheerfully into the phone and Jemma could hear the smile on his face as he did. 


Daisy whooped so loudly on the line that Jemma had to hold the phone away from her ear for a second and there was another release of expletives from Fitz, this time with relief.


“Alright, now I want out of this vent. Fitz, move your ass so we can get out of here.”


Once she heard them begin to exit the vent and knew everyone was safe and no longer chasing a badger, Jemma left her post and went to find the rest of the group. She caught sight of them right as Fitz was helping Daisy to her feet, his tie slightly askew, his shirt untucked, and his face flushed from exertion. She thought he looked quite adorable. Quickly, she ran to him and threw her arms around his neck. 


“I’m sorry about what I said,” she burst without preamble. With Bobbi’s face clean and the badger caught, Jemma allowed herself to get straight to what was bothering her. She could deal with the bartender situation in a minute. 


Fitz pulled away from her slightly. Her arms were still latched around him so he couldn’t go very far. “What do you mean?” 


“About getting married.”


“Oh…” His eyes became downcast and he tugged at his bottom lip with his teeth. 


“And that’s our cue to give badger-man back his badger,” Daisy said, her words backing up with her feet. She grabbed Mack’s sleeve and they left FitzSimmons alone in the hallway.


Jemma looked at Fitz earnestly, tucking her finger under his chin to lift his face to hers. “I do want to get married at some point, Fitz. To you. Everything is changing so quickly that I’m not sure how fast I want it to happen but I know I want it.”


His wonderfully blue eyes went wide and a smile pulled up his blushing cheeks. “You do?”


She nodded happily. “Of course. I love you.”


“I love you too.”


He gave her a quick peck on the lips and she broke it with a joyful smile. 


Reluctantly backing away from him, Jemma heaved a sigh. “Well, now that we’ve caught the badger--”


“Mr. Badger, Jems.”


She scrunched her nose. “Don’t you start. Now that we’ve caught 

Mr. Badger

 it’s time I deal with the missing bartender situation.”


“Oh, I dealt with that already,” Fitz said calmly, his hand brushing away the to-do note. 


Jemma’s brows creased together. “You what?”


“Yeah. I called up a buddy of mine from the bar. Joey’s great and I told him I’d pay him double what he earns for a normal shift because of the short notice. He should be here any minute now actually.”


If it were possible, Jemma was sure she had just fallen even more in love with Fitz. Once again he had been so thoughtful just on instinct. It made her want to fall into his arms and hug him forever. However, they had a wedding to attend in fifteen minutes and Bobbi still needed to get into her dress. So instead she gave him another quick kiss on the lips before dashing back to help the bride.



Hunter sat fidgeting with his shirt cuffs, sliding his fingers back and forth over either side of the fabric so as to ground himself in the moment. Both of his groomsmen had disappeared for some goddamn reason and he still hadn’t gotten his pretzels. Left alone in his room he was allowed to spin on his thoughts and with no one to perform for his insecurities began to leak through his normally charming and rogue exterior. 


His heart was beating against his ribcage and his feet were wearing a nice little track into the carpeting when both Mack and Fitz suddenly rounded back into the room. Fitz was looking a little disheveled while Mack had a tired air about him. Both men, however, looked as happy and supportive as ever. And they even had brought him a large bag of pretzels and a beer they had most definitely had to sneak by Bobbi and her ever-vigilant bridesmaids. 


“Where the bloody hell have you two wankers been?” he scolded, his hands out in front of him, palms up at hip height. 


“We’ll tell you when all is said and done. Now come on, let’s get you ready and off to the altar.”


“Also,” Fitz added, “Here’s those pretzels and a smuggled-in beer.”


The ten to fifteen minutes it took to get ready went by in a flash and he almost felt a little dopey as he went to stand at the altar. He greeted the guests as he went, saying hi to his parents and Bobbi’s as well as friends like Lincoln and Elena before finally coming to stand in front of the rows of people. He missed Bobbi and he felt he could stand the crowd of people staring at him a lot better if he had her by his side. 


Finally, the moment came when the crowd settled down and the soft music began to play. Hunter’s heart did some loop-de-loops and his eyes stayed laser-focused on the end of the aisle, even as the rest of the wedding party began to make their way down. He waited eagerly for Bobbi and he couldn’t take in a single breath in anticipation. He finally caught sight of her once Daisy and Jemma had both made their way down the aisle and whatever breath he had managed to get into his lungs escaped him when he saw her. 


Bobbi was absolutely stunning. Her golden hair was done up in an elaborate updo, stray strands curling effortlessly around her face. She almost glowed in the sunlight streaming in through the windows, her sparkling face beaming with happiness and shimmering with love. Her dress was ivory white with a high halter neckline, the fabric hugging her hips before cascading down and away from her legs. Her veil drifted down behind her like a waterfall of organza. But what he really looked at was her ocean filled eyes. All he could see was love there, love his eyes reflected right back.


“Alright there, love,” he whispered when she finally came to stand in front of him.


“Not too bad. Have to marry some guy in a bit but other than that I’m having a blast.”


“Ah, shame.”


“Nah, he’s alright.”


“Still, he must pale in comparison to you.”


They smiled at one another, their faces passing love back and forth like it was a game of pass and catch. And as they exchanged their vows, neither could think of a time where they had ever been happier. 




A Lofty Goodbye and a Lovely Hello
Chapter Notes
This is it, y’all. The final chapter of this fic I’ve been working on for over a year! I hope you enjoy!*UPDATE* Amazing fic header created by the ever so talented and best fandom friend the world has ever known, Zuza! (@2minutes2midnight on Tumblr). Zuza, your encouragement for this fic seriously kept me going and brightened my darker days. So thank you!!!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






Just over a month after Bobbi and Hunter’s wedding, Fitz and Jemma had found their dream starter home. It was in their price range with wonderful curb appeal and was in a delightful neighborhood close to Jemma’s school. The home needed a bit of work, a new coat of paint color in a few of the rooms, updated features in the kitchen and new sconces in the master bathroom, but it was nothing that the two of them couldn’t manage. Besides, they were used to living in a place that had some  interesting plumbing choices and such.Though they had been preparing for the move for a good bit of time, it was still odd though, to see the loft look so…  picked clean . Since Hunter and Bobbi had first moved out, Mack and Elena following soon after them, the place had become more of a packing-shipment station than an actual living space. Even before they themselves had begun packing, the place felt empty and not quite right. Fitz and Jemma’s belongings somehow felt like not enough to fill the large, open-plan space. The cupboards--though containing enough dishes for two people and so many tea boxes that they could open their own shop--didn’t feel stocked anymore and it suddenly seemed like there weren’t enough towels or shampoo bottles in the bathroom. It was also odd for the both of them to wake up and not hear commotion in the kitchen and the sound of spoons against cereal bowls as the television played in the background. However quiet the loft felt, Fitz and Jemma were still incredibly happy. It was just that the loft wasn’t for the two of them, it had been for  all of them. They needed someplace that was theirs, with their own sounds and their own towels and dishware; the same amount of tea though. And they couldn’t wait until all their boxes were out of the moving truck and their small-in-comparison-cars and set down and ready to be opened in their new, purely their own, place.  They had spent over a week traveling back and forth between the loft and their new home, a cute little bungalow just outside the city with a breakfast nook and back garden to boot. Moving house was an exhausting, but an extremely rewarding, process. Jemma didn’t normally like hauling boxes to and fro or pushing them across different kinds of flooring, but she liked doing it with Fitz. She enjoyed putting her hair up in a twist and claw clip look while sporting an old t-shirt she’d cropped after stealing it from Fitz, the one with the faded Man-U emblem, under a pair of overalls. She also enjoyed seeing Fitz lift heavy boxes of books in his own faded and paint-covered tee with his arms on full display. It was all very domestic and she loved it, and Fitz, beyond anything. “Fitz! Have you seen the box that has all the kitchen devices?” Jemma called as she rounded into their new sundrenched living room. There weren’t any curtains on the white-trimmed windows yet so the place was as bright as it could possibly have been. Fitz was standing on a stepstool with nails in his mouth as he hung up the new light fixture they had purchased.“Wha’?”Jemma pursed her lips as she put her hands on her hips. “Fitz, what did I tell you about putting nails in your mouth.”“Not to,” he grinned after spitting them into his now free palm, the light fixture fastened firmly into the built-in bookshelf. She couldn’t wait to get their books up on those shelves.Jemma relaxed the corners of her mouth, her eyes smiling despite her lips still trying to put on a firm face. “Kitchen devices?” she asked again.“Oh, I think that box was left at the loft. Didn’t fit in the car and I thought it was the one that could sort of be left for last.”“You do know that box has the tea kettle right?”His mouth opened in horror before sighing slightly overdramatically, his head leaning back and his hands finding his sides. “Shite. No, I didn’t.”Jemma let out a breathy laugh, her feet moving to stand before his stool. “How about we go and collect it tonight. It is the last box and it could give us the opportunity to say goodbye to the place.”A small crease formed between Fitz’s brows as a rain-cloud-look passed over his features. Jemma knew just how he felt. The loft was the place where she had found a family she never knew she needed, the place where she had felt like she had truly grown up. It was where she had found love, where she had found Fitz. Saying goodbye to the place she had called her home, with its big arched and steel-etched windows and honey-wood floors, the big empty rooms… her heart ached to think about it. Jemma tilted slightly to the side at Fitz, her face softening.“I know, love,” she said, knowing all the images that were passing through his head as well as hers. She strode over to where he stood raised above her, taking Fitz’s hand and helping him down off the stool. “But we can get pizza after.”At the mention of food, Fitz’s face lit up like a kid on Christmas.“It is a moving staple,” he brightened, his hand sliding out of her’s only so it could slide around her waist.“Tradition, you could say.”“I do say.”He captured her lips with hers, their mouths fitting and moving together in a practiced but exciting rhythm. “You know,” she said, her lips forming breathy words against his, “just because the bedframe isn’t set up doesn’t mean the mattress doesn’t work.”Jemma caught the blue of his eyes darken to a wonderful, almost navy, shade of blue in the shadow of their dipped faces, “Jemma Simmons, you are a genius.”“So I’ve been told.”It was still early in the day and the box of kitchen supplies wasn’t going anywhere. They had all the time in the world.In spite of the day’s earlier, incredibly nice, activities, Fitz was fidgety on the car ride to the loft. His fingers tapped against the steering wheel and he continually leaned his head forward like he was a kid playing in a toy car. Knowing he had even more emotions tied up into the place they were saying goodbye to, Jemma set her palm over his knee, giving it a little squeeze as they came to a stop outside the building. The apartment building’s red brick block of an exterior glowed in the setting summer sun and the darkening sky. From the part of the block they had pulled up on, Jemma could even see which window had been theirs through the front windshield. It appeared it was the only darkened room that evening. “Ready?” she asked Fitz, her eyes searching over his features.He jumped slightly before looking at her, his knuckles retaining their color as he let go of the wheel he’d been hanging onto.“Yeah--uh--yeah I’m ready.” He took a deep breath and opened his door, Jemma watching as he slid out of the driver’s seat.She remembered the first time she had walked into the lobby of the building. It had been a hot day and her emotions had still been raw from catching Milton cheating. Those, and other stress-inducing emotions, had made it so she had been ready to chuck her phone into the gutter. The thing had buzzed incessantly, though admittingly lovingly, with texts sent to her by Daisy.
 “If Craiglist did you dirty and they seem weird bolt out of there. Explanations are not needed, just run for the hills.” 
Jemma had rolled her eyes and she vividly remembered the old brownish-yellow glow of the elevator button when she had pressed it. She also remembered her heart-rate speeding up when she had knocked on the door and was greeted by a very tall, but kind looking, man. Mack. The rabbit-fast-rate of her heart had only increased when she had finally sat down on the surprisingly comfy chair in the surprisingly sundrenched room and faced three men. They had started talking to one another before conducting their interview, giving Jemma a polite space of time to text Daisy.
 “Wait! They’re men?! Jemma!!” 

 “Jemma!!!!!!!!! Answer your fucking phone!!!! You didn’t say they were men!!!!!!!!!!” 
 “Make sure they aren’t ax murderers,”  her friend had sent with three clenching jaw emojis and a few glancing eyes.  “Ask them point blank if they are ax murderers.” 
 “I am not asking them point blank if they’re ax murders, Daisy! They seem nice.” 

 “Ax murders can seem nice, Jemma, and not be nice. Text me the moment they’re done talking to you so I know you’re safe and not been murdered with an axe. Capeesh!” 

 “Yes, Daisy. Capeesh.” 
Jemma heartily believed that the three men sitting in front of her were nice and not ax murderers. She was also sure that Daisy should not have watched that true-crime documentary that late at night. Turns out, Jemma had been right. That day in the loft she had found her family.“Do you think we should have insisted everyone else come for the ceremonial removal of the box?” Jemma asked as she shut the passenger door, catching sight of a car that reminded her of Hunter’s. Fitz shook his head. “They all said they were busy.”“Right. No sense in pushing it.”Jemma felt a little bit blue about everyone not being able to say goodbye to the loft at the same time. But, she had Fitz by her side and it felt right to be there together as they started their next adventure by saying goodbye to their last.Neither of them was completely sure what the future held for them but they knew whatever it was they’d face it together. As they had been packing up the loft to move, they had had many deep conversations about what they both wanted. Marriage had been a frequent topic of said conversations, especially after Bobbi and Hunter’s wedding. They both wanted it. They both wanted it quite a bit. They knew it was somewhere in the cards for them, starting a family and a life together, but they still had plenty of things to discuss on the matter. Jemma, the ever prepared, was not one to just twiddle her fingers and wonder what was going on. She loved a bit of spontaneity and romance, something Fitz was skilled in and definitely provided, but she also liked to plan. It hadn’t worked for them earlier in their relationship to just wonder what was going on in the other’s head when it came to how they felt. They could often read each other’s minds and emotions, something their friends found hysterical, but decisions about their relationships as well as feelings deserved to be talked about and clarified. So they made it a point to do so. There had been one night, after a long few hours of packing, where they had laid wrapped up in each other’s arms and whispered about their colliding worlds. “What if I’m not cut out for it,” Fitz had said that night, his face tilted at the ceiling, “For marriage. You deserve the world Jemma and I--I don’t want to be a disappointment.”Jemma had bolted onto her elbow then, turning his face gently by the chin to face her. The room had been dark but she could see his eyes gleaming in the moonlight. “Fitz, look at me. You have never and will never disappoint me. And when we decide to get married, which I hope will be soon, I know in my heart you will make the best husband out there.”“It’s just…” he trailed off, his eyes closing tight.”Jemma’s response had been gentle, her fingers lining his jaw. “It’s just what, Fitz?”“Didn’t have the best role model for it, did I? Being a husband… being a father.”“No. But that doesn’t mean you will be like him. And Fitz, I know you won’t be like him at all.”“How?”“Because you’re good. You are so  so good Fitz.” Her hand had fallen on his chest then as she came to lay back down at his side. “You do things from the genius of your mind and the goodness of your heart and so I know you’ll be a wonderful husband, an amazing father, and continue to be my favorite man in the world and the love of my life.”Wrapped in each other and the bedsheets, their eyes had drifted shut, a declaration of Fitz’s love whispered against her hairline before they had both found sleep.Fitz held the door to the building’s lobby open for her as they made their way to say goodbye to the loft. It was almost completely dark outside and the light in the ceiling was flickering as it always did.“I see Sitwell still hasn’t fixed that bulb,” Fitz grinned, forgetting his nerves and tilting his chin towards the fixture. “It’s expensive, Fitz,” Jemma responded with a controlled smile. “If I can’t fix it with a twenty--”“Then it isn’t getting fixed.” They finished their stingy landlord’s signature phrase together, their voices bubbling happily in unison. The energy of the laughter lingered with them even as they entered the elevator and went companionably quiet. As they rode the elevator to their old floor, their hands clasped tightly together with their fingers interlaced, Fitz began to fidget once more. He bounced a little on the balls of his feet and he kept his free hand firmly in his jacket pocket, but Jemma tried to instill a bit of peace in him with every squeeze of the palm she held.The elevator opened with its classic binging sound and they walked together to the end of the hall, standing in front of the door. “Rock, paper, scissors for who gets to open it first?” Jemma challenged, the side of her fist already on her palm. Fitz’s face went competitive and held his fist served on a palm as well. Their hands hit palm with a clapping sound and a “ro-sham-bo.”“Scissors. Aw, Fitz.”In spite of his defeat, Jemma could swear she saw his lips tick up into a smile before she turned the handle of the door and walked inside. The place was dark, the sun now fully set, and Jemma could only partly see the loft with the aid of city lights streaming in through the large windows. When she went to flick the lights on, the switch simply went up and down without turning on a single bulb. With its Danger Pipe, accidental lock-in doors, and health and safety violation sinks, it was actually a surprise it took this long for the electrical in the loft to become an issue. It was almost comforting that it happened, a loft-way sendoff, and it caused Jemma to begin to laugh in spite of the situation.“Should we call Sitwell?” she joked, her fingers still flicking the switch on and off as Fitz shut the front door behind them.“I’d rather not be shouted at by our former cranky landlord,” Fitz responded, joining Jemma’s laughter as he began to chuckle himself. “Here, let me go and see if I can do anything. No use trying to finish packing in the dark.”“Technically, the box is already packed--” Fitz shot her a look in the city light, “but I understand the sentiment.”Fitz disappeared down the hall that was lined with doors to theirs and Mack’s old bedrooms. Meanwhile, Jemma walked further into the empty space. The couch had been claimed by Mack and Elena, the dining table by Bobbi and Hunter, and the television by her and Fitz. The lamps had all been claimed and packed away, the rug, and all the random knick-knacks they had collected. The art had been taken off the walls along with all their photographs, leaving the wall space blank and vacant, the bare bones nature of the industrial design cold in the dark and emptiness. There was nothing left in the loft, just left over internet cords, packing supplies they were told to leave, and the singular box labeled  Kitchen in Jemma’s neat handwriting.“Found the box!” she called out, though it hadn’t been hard to find in the least, being essentially the only thing left and placed right in the center of the room at that. There was no response from Fitz, he was likely completely focused on the electrical system for the loft, so Jemma continued into the room and approached the box. That was when she saw it, a single rose lying across the top of the cardboard cube. “Strange,” she said, kneeling down to pick up the flower. Its stem was wrapped in white tissue paper with a little ribbon, the signature style of the street vendor down the road. Jemma had seen it plenty of times to know where it had come from and who had gotten it. Before she could call out to said person, it was then the lights flickered on, but not the ones she’d been expecting. Instead of the overhead lights, strings of fairy lights burst to life around the room, draping from the open ceiling and across the windows. They had the same shade as fireflies and their light filled up the wide open space of the loft with a glowing warmth. It was simple but impactful. In spite of the lack of furniture, the room once more felt like the loft she knew and loved. Standing by the packing box with the rose in her hand, Jemma could feel her heart rate begin to pick up its pace as her senses went into overdrive. Even Fitz’s quiet steps made her jump, a thrill zipping through her stomach and up her spine when she saw the look on his face.“Fitz…” Jemma breathed as he strode closer to her, his cheeks pink and his eyes as warm as a summer sky. Without thinking, Jemma clicked her heels where she stood and tried to catch her breath as he came to stand before her. After placing the sweet-smelling rose gently back on the box, she couldn’t help the nervous rambling that overtook her and sprang out of her mouth.“Is what I think is happening happening. Because if not then it really feels like it and it's not funny. If it is then bloody hell you did a really good job surprising me. Why are you smiling? Fitz! Stop giggling and get down on one knee and do your thing.” The last bit of her rambling escaped from her encased in a bubble of laughter. She had tears in her eyes and she bit her lip as his knee finally found the floor.His wonderfully blue eyes found hers and she felt another wave of emotions catch in her throat as she saw they were as watery as hers. “Jemma Simmons,” he let out an exhale of breath, “I had a really long speech planned but this hardwood is hurting my knee so I’ll be concise.”A burst of laughter cleared whatever was clogging her throat and her love for the man in front of her grew so much she thought she would burst from it. “I have been in love with you since the day I met you. You are the smartest, kindest, most amazing person I have ever met and will ever meet. I love how your face lights up when you talk about work and every day I look forward to our conversations when you get home. I love being with you, every moment, and I count myself the luckiest man on any planet that I get to be with you at all. You are my best friend, Jemma, the love of my life and we are unstoppable together. And--huh--I don’t want to spend another day without you.”He reached a shaking hand into his jacket pocket and Jemma suddenly realized why he had been so fidgety the whole car ride. She was smiling so wide her face hurt but when he pulled out the little wooden box he had obviously carved into himself, she let out a sparkling sob. Quickly wiping away a tear that had fallen from the inner corner of her eye, she smiled once more as he looked deeply and lovingly back at her.“So, Jemma Simmons, will you marry me?”She knew what he had been working towards with his beautiful speech but hearing the words leave his lips still made her chest tighten happily as butterflies flapped their wings in her stomach. “Fitz, I want a family with you. I want to sit in chairs and read together like couples in movies and I want to sit under the stars and laugh until our lungs ache. I want kids and a dog and--and--and… and I want you. I want to be with you now and always and forever. Fitz, I love you.”Fitz beamed up at her, his face glowing in the fairy lights, before a little nervous smile tugged at his cheeks. “So, that’s a yes.”“Yes, that’s a yes! Of course, it’s a yes!” Jemma stuck out her left hand out to him and he glided the band with the delicate diamond onto her ring finger. Taking barely a breath of time to look at the piece of jewelry on her finger, Jemma pulled Fitz up to his feet and threw her arms around his neck, kissing him with every fiber of her being. She would have plenty of time to admire Fitz’s choice of engagement rings in a moment, but at that moment she just wanted to kiss him. They stayed like that for what could have been ages, Jemma didn’t know. For her, time was irrelevant and she was taking as much of it as possible to be in the moment with Fitz. His hands were warm on her bare waist, her crop top pulling up as she held him and her overalls unable to cover the skin there. His touch, though filled with heat, left goosebumps on her skin and she smiled into their kiss, causing him to smile in return.“I love you,” he whispered, ducking his forehead to meet hers. “I love you too.”They stood there in the center of the loft, next to the box labeled  Kitchen , with delighted looks on their faces for another few moments before the door sprang open. Daisy really didn’t know how to open a door without nearly breaking it off its hinges.“Did it happen! Did you do it!” their friend screamed, pushing into the loft with a hysterical look of happiness plastered on her features. “Because the peephole on the door doesn’t work the other way! Believe me, I tried.”The rest of the gang followed behind her.Fitz and Jemma smiled at one another before turning back to their friends. “We’re engaged!” Jemma cried, one arm in the air and the other still around Fitz’s shoulders.Mack and Daisy released their signature round of whoops as Bobbi and Hunter ran forward and congratulated their friends. Elena was next to hug the couple, Mack still by the door cheering as Daisy jumped up and down in rhythm with her whoops. After cheers and congratulations had been passed around, the group gathered in the center of the loft, not quite sure what to do with themselves. They had taken down Fitz’s romantic, but elaborate, light set up and the loft was once again left bare.“Well, this is fuckin’ weird isn’t it,” Hunter said as they all stood in a circle looking at the box. “Who wants to be the one to carry it out?”They all turned and exchanged glances with one another, not exactly sure what to do, when Jemma came up with an idea. It was ridiculous, completely uncoordinated, and probably made the whole process more difficult, but it was rather ceremonial and the ridiculousness fitted them nicely.Mack had two hands under one side with Hunter across from him, and Fitz on another side with Jemma across from him. Daisy, Bobbi, and Elena filled in the gaps so that they were moving in an odd, kind of crooked circle. With the set up, it made it so each loft resident, or frequent visitor in Daisy’s case, had at least a finger resting on the box as they carried it out of the loft. When the door to the inside of the loft had finally closed behind them, Mack took control of carrying the box to the car. But the sentiment remained, they had left the loft as a team. Despite leaving the place they all had once called their home, there was not a bit of sadness in the air. They were together and heading towards new, great adventures.



Chapter End Notes
Ok... so I feel weird but happy about being done with this fic. It was my first ever fic posted here and my first Agents of Shield fic I ever wrote. This was the one that brought me further into this wonderful fandom and pushed me into opening myself up to people in this fandom, ging me so many wonderful internet friends. I cannot thank you enough for reading, kudosising, and commenting or even just clicking on the title. Thank you thank you thank you! Also, Happy New Year! To more fun fics to come!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



