



The warp and weft that - anamuan - Inception 2010
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The warp and weft that hold life together
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/403502.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M, M/M
Fandom:
Inception (2010)
Relationship:
Arthur/Eames (Inception), Ariadne/Yusuf (Inception), Dom Cobb/Mal (Inception)
Character:
Dom Cobb, Mal (Inception), Arthur (Inception), Eames (Inception), Ariadne (Inception), Yusuf (Inception), Phillipa (Inception), James (Inception), Tadashi (Inception)
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Kindergarten & Pre-school, Alternate Universe, Kid Fic
Series:
Part 1 of
warp and weft
Stats:

        Published: 2011-05-02
        Words: 21445
      

The warp and weft that hold life together
by anamuan
Summary
By the time Dom was really back to himself, by the time he wasn't eating by rote and only dragging himself out of bed because he had two small children; by the time he wasn't feeding and dressing and bathing the kids on autopilot and seeing the world in varying shades of blurry grey, Arthur had moved in and was running the household for him.
Notes
Endless thanks to  who is the only reason I could have written this. She has given me every type of beta possible, and has let me bother her about this story for the past four months, through house guests and finals, and I am, quite simply, grateful forever. Thanks also to  and  for letting me spam them constantly with updates and pleading eyes, and thanks to  and the_ragnarok for letting me rope them in on random scenes to britpick and to tell me if my porn is ok. Finally, thank you to everyone who's been reading and leaving such absolutely wonderful feedback on the kinkmeme. I cannot thank you enough. I hope you enjoy the rest of the ride!Summary: Written for 's marvelous prompt on the kink meme. All of this is because I thought the prompt was the most adorable thing ever.  After Mal dies Arthur moves in to help Cobb take care of the kids, Philipa starts at a new school with a new teacher Mr.Eames.  Eames is charmed by Arthur but thinks he can't have him because he thinks Cobb and Arthur are involved. Arthur really likes Eames but is getting annoyed that everytime he thinks they are getting somewhere Eames backs off.  Cobb just rolls his eyes and Philipa's family drawings are kind of confusing.



The warp and weft that hold life together



It takes Dom ten weeks to really get back on his feet after Mal dies. It was cancer, a brain tumour. No one saw it coming. Phillipa was four; James only six months old.Arthur had taken care of the funeral. Dom--was there for it, which was more than he really thought he'd manage. It was closed casket, for obvious reasons. Phillipa had cried because everyone else was crying. Dom picked her up and let her cry into his neck, and everything he saw was way too blurry for someone who didn't cry at all. James had gotten fussy partway through, after Dom had Phillipa curled up in his arms. James was hungry probably. Arthur had taken him out without being asked, somewhere out back where all the cars were parked, bouncing him gently in his arms until they were out of earshot.By the time Dom was really back to himself, by the time he wasn't eating by rote and only dragging himself out of bed because he had two small children; by the time he wasn't feeding and dressing and bathing the kids on autopilot and seeing the world in varying shades of blurry grey, Arthur had moved in and was running the household for him.Arthur made sure their phone and water bills got paid. Arthur made sure that James got to day care, and Phillipa had lunches packed for school that weren't made entirely of pre-packed chips bought in bulk at Costco. Arthur made sure there was milk in the fridge and bread in the pantry. He made sure the kids were dressed and on time and their hair was brushed. Honestly, Arthur's a lot better at any of it than Mal was; he's ruthlessly organized about it like he is at everything else. He labels meals for each day and stacks them in the fridge whenever he leaves on business, so all Dom has to do is microwave and play choo-choo with James until he eats his mashed peas. In a few years, Arthur will be fearsome as he schedules play dates and soccer practice and piano lessons, and Dom's study will be organized whether he likes it or not. Arthur's already making forays into the library.By the time Dom gets back on his feet, all of Arthur's clothes are moved into the spare bedroom, and his favourite chair's in the living room in front of the TV, and he's let go of the lease on his apartment. Dom starts taking over dinner duty and laundry, and he never says anything to Arthur about moving back out now that he's a little more together. Arthur doesn't say anything either, just pays the electric bill using Dom's checking account.Dom gets it back together in time for the fall term. He'd been on sabbatical the year before, nominally research for the book, but the book lay abandoned somewhere in the study, half-constructed notes scribbled on college-rule paper. Really, it was more like a way to finagle paternity leave out of the university, with a side of research. Then Mal died, and Dom's world fell apart. Coming back to school feels strange. It gives him deja vu, the little rhythms the same with different faces attached, and the big things--well, it feels like a different world, somehow.They stick him with a new grad student as his TA in his psych 101 class. Her name is Ariadne. She's brilliant and perspicacious and far too insightful for Dom's still-ragged edges, but she's also a quick grader and leads the discussion session better than the other two TAs he's been assigned for the class, even though they've both got two years' experience on her. Margo was in one of his upper level classes the year before last. She's bright, and she knows the material, obviously, but she's much more of a researcher and much less of a teacher, and it shows in the way she curls up in on herself at the front of the classroom. Roth, Dom never taught. He was new last year, when Dom was taking sabbatical, and his emphasis is in clinical psych, so it's unlikely Dom ever will. He's a tough grader and has an equally cutting sense of humour and claims the girls gang up on him.The first weekend after school starts is Labor Day weekend. Dom and Mal always used to have their grad students over for a barbecue then. Dom isn't up to a barbecue without her, and they're short half the grad students they'd normally get, but it feels wrong to start off the year without it. Arthur suggests they come over for dinner instead, on Saturday instead of Monday: right enough to get the year started; wrong enough that it doesn't feel like a cheap copy. Arthur prints up actual invitations for Dom to give this semester's free-labour, and Dom does the grocery shopping and the cooking. Somewhere around dessert, Dom realises that he can do this, after all.After dinner, as everyone's getting their jackets, Arthur invites them all back sometime. Ariadne's the only one who takes him up on the offer. By halfway through term, she's a semi-permanent fixture in the house on weekends. Phillipa thinks she's awesome and forces her to color with her for hours. Ariadne puts up with it goodnaturedly. James tries to eat her scarves, which she tolerates with significantly less grace. Arthur usually manages to extricate the fabric from James's fearsome baby-clutch before he actually gets it into his mouth, while Dom and Ariadne debate the cutting edge of academic psychology. Arthur doesn't think there is anything in the field of academic psychology that's sharp enough to cut, but he keeps that opinion to himself.The Monday after Labor Day, Phillipa starts kindergarten.Eames is the worst possible kindergarten teacher Arthur has ever met. Arthur doesn't know how he even got certified. The US school system isn't famous for excellence, but they live in a good district. This shouldn't happen. It wouldn't have happened, but Dom had been the one to take Phillipa to her first day."Separation anxiety," Dom had said, and the thing with living with a psychologist is you can never escape the head-shrinking."You or her?" Arthur asked."Me. Definitely me," Dom replied, and Arthur had sighed and said, "Fine, go ahead."If Arthur had dropped Phillipa off, he'd have had her change schools. He hadn't, though; Dom had. And Dom liked Mr. Eames and thought learning continuity was important for young, developing minds, though, and after all, they were his kids, so Phillipa stayed at Washington Elementary and in Mr. Eames's kindergarten class. Arthur was really less than pleased about it."He's a bad influence. Irresponsible. How can you be sure he's teaching Phillipa anything? You're a teacher; this should matter to you," Arthur complains, as Dom grades papers in the living room. There are papers everywhere. Dom doesn't believe in keeping stacks. Arthur is willing to let it go for the moment, but later he'll make Dom clean them up and move everything into his study since that is what the room is for."Phillipa's been in school for a week," Dom says at last, when he realizes that Arthur is waiting for an actual answer. "Don't you think it's a bit soon to be worrying about this?"Arthur gives him a look. "It's very important," he starts, but Dom stops him before he can get out his notes on early education and later life success."Kindergarten should be as much play time as it is learning numbers and letters. It's about social interaction and building a creative learning environment.""Ok, fine," Arthur concedes, and he doesn't do anything petty like demand that he be the one who gets to go to the first parent-teacher conference in another week, scheduled so the new parents can get comfortable with the idea that their precious young children are actually going to school now. Arthur does start teaching Phillipa the alphabet at home, just in case. He doesn't want her to fall behind her peers, on a national level.Arthur ends up going to the parent teacher conference anyway, because Dom has a seminar class scheduled that evening (every Thursday evening, from 5:30-8:00) and fresh from sabbatical, he can't afford to cancel classes."Hello, there," says Mr. Eames when Arthur shows up outside the classroom door. "Which classroom are you looking for?" Mr. Eames sounds very cheerful and energetic--the perfect kindergarten teacher--and Arthur knows immediately that it is all a lie."This one," he says very firmly. "You're Mr. Eames?""That'd be me," Eames replies, "But I'm afraid you've got me at a loss. I thought I knew all of my students' parents, at least by sight."Arthur gives Eames one of his shark's grins, the ones he keeps for hostile take-overs and picking up douche bags in bars. "Not a parent, exactly," he says. Eames's face closes off at the non-answer, settles into something confident and ballsy, something challenging. At this, Arthur is very pleased to note to himself that Mr. Eames is, exactly as he thought, wholly unsuited to being a teacher. He likes being right about these things. He knows because Eames is exactly his type, and his type is not appropriate for young children in the slightest. Something in Arthur has always enjoyed being able to win, liked the competition--even if the competition in question was about who could be the bigger asshole. Arthur, consequently, tends to pick guys he wouldn't feel bad about leaving in the morning."I'm afraid school policy doesn't allow non-family members in for these conferences," Eames says, pulling the power card already."Dominic Cobb's daughter, Phillipa," Arthur concedes, because he has to be in the parent-teacher meeting in order to properly assess all the ways Phillipa will need extra lessons after school to make up for the curriculum she's not learning from her so-called teacher. Arthur digs out his driver's license, passing it over. "I'm her other care-taker. The school has the paperwork." Something else shutters in Eames's face then, even as he breaks back into a broad smile. It's like watching one of those mobile billboards shift faces, pulling up a second advertisement, only it moved too fast for Arthur to figure out what Eames was selling before it was gone."Oh, right, of course. Why don't I show you Phillipa's desk?"*Arthur comes as Phillipa's guardian and that is a bleeding shame, because Arthur is lovely. His entire manner drips disapproval, and Eames has always taken delight in cracking people who disapprove of him. He shows Arthur Phillipa's desk, and Arthur asks a few pointed questions about the curriculum. Eames makes up the most outrageous answers to all of Arthur's questions that he can, and mentions that the school won't let him incorporate the 'naked hour' that his teaching school had pioneered in the 70's into their kindergarten classes. Eames goes on about it for nearly ten minutes, watching Arthur's face grow increasingly unable to hide his sheer and absolute horror at the idea. And then Eames takes mercy on him, face settling into the smallest of smirks and Arthur stops, mid-horror. His poker face drops back down over his features and he says, "Oh," very shortly as he realizes that Eames has been having him on.Phillipa is actually one of Eames's favourite students, because she is bright, and because she is an absolute devil sometimes, the way that small children can be. Eames plans to teach her that being cute would get her some places, but she has to rely on herself to get her the rest. Arthur seems genuinely invested in her success--if a little too fixated on numbers and letters and SAT scores--even if he does keep calling her Dom's daughter.She's got a drawing of her family out, proudly displayed on the surface for the parent-teacher open house, and a neat row of pencils and crayons along the top of the desk, in the little divot made for them. Eames had never really looked at the picture before, because he's not the sort to sit a kid on his lap and coo over whatever scribble they've made and pretend that it really does look like a dog. It's got a house and a bunch of stick figures on it, with colourful scribbles on top that is probably hair. Sitting just underneath it is another drawing, of what is likely a turtle. Or maybe a dinosaur.Arthur frowns at the top drawing for a moment, and then his phone starts ringing. He scrambles it out of his pocket, and checks the caller ID."Shit," he says, then looks a little guiltily around the classroom and mutters "Sorry," quietly, like he's apologizing to the cartoon characters holding letters on the walls for his language. Eames is absolutely charmed. Who does that? The classroom can't hear him. "Excuse me, Mr. Eames, I've got to take this. It's the sitter."Arthur steps out into the hallway to take the call, and by the time he pokes his head back in, two other sets of parents have come in to meet the new teacher. Mrs. and Mr. Edwards are cooing over their little boy's own desk-top drawing, and Mr. Gonzales is asking Eames about his daughter's ability to play with other children. She's an only child, and he's worried that she might be having a hard time learning how to share. Arthur waves his goodbye from the doorway, and Eames waves distractedly back. He's trying to remember whether or not he'd had to tell Nina to get smarter about snagging the toys she wanted if she didn't want to get in trouble about it.Teacher-parent 'hour' actually runs about an hour and a half. It's a good school district; the parents all care for their little brats, and someone from each family makes an appearance before Eames gets to clean up and leave. That's encouraging. He's got a good class. He'd missed the kids when he was out, if he's honest with himself. Kids have a way of looking at the world, a weird mix of everything being both fascinatingly, wonderfully novel and simple acceptance for the way things were, just because they were. Kids are full of possibilities.Eames calls Yusuf from the parking lot, on the way to the car. He gets the voicemail, as per usual; Yusuf never can be bothered to pick up his phone. "Hey, mate. Just finished up at the school. You want to come 'round for a beer?" He still has lesson planning to do. This, right here, is exactly why Eames got out of teaching two years after graduation. All the fucking lesson planning. It could be worse, he supposes: he could have a tenth grade science class and have grading to do.Yusuf, sure enough, texts him right back. "Be @yrs in 10. Bringing a 6 pack"Yusuf actually gets to Eames's place before he does, because Yusuf is walking and Eames is caught in Southern Californian traffic. By the time Eames gets his door open and his bag set down on the chair in the hall, Yusuf's already let himself in with Eames's spare key. Eames switches hiding places for it periodically, but they both know he's not really trying very hard."Oi. Feet off the table," Eames scolds from the doorway. Yusuf rolls his eyes but complies. More importantly, he pops the tops off the beers he's got set out.Eames settles onto the couch and flips on the telly, volume nearly all the way down, just for the background noise."Have fun talking to the brats' owners?" Yusuf asks. Eames nods while taking a pull from his beer, then pulls a face and actually looks at what he's drinking."What's all this?" he asks, peering at the label. This is not their usual. It's not bad, but it's not their usual. Yusuf has been drinking the same beer since they were sneaking it together in secondary school. Anchor Steam is not that beer."I, err, I just thought I'd try something new," Yusuf says.Eames gives him a look. "Is that so?""What?" Yusuf demands, but it's not at all convincing. Eames just keeps up his 'bollocks' look until Yusuf caves. It doesn't take very long. "Right, fine, so I met this girl. And she asked me to try this. She said it was good!""So now you're pretending to like fancy micro-brews for a girl you just met? Is this going to be like the time you pretended to like Nickelback?"Yusuf shifts awkwardly in his place on the couch like he's probably flushing. "I tried the fancy micro-brew for a girl I'd just met. The beer is actually good, you know."One corner of Eames's mouth turns up as he takes another sip. "Well, mate, even if it doesn't work out, it looks like you got something good out of this one.""Shut up and drink the beer I brought you."*Mr. Eames neither conforms to Arthur's preference in early education instruction, nor does he really fall into Dom's idiotic rubric for 'learning through play' or whatever the psychologists think is the best way to teach children this month. He seems, Arthur grudgingly admits, competent, and to genuinely like his students.Mr. Eames got his teaching degree nearly nine years previously, and had taught for two years after graduation. After that, he left his teaching position--fourth grade in a middling, suburban district. Arthur did some digging, but it seems like he just left: a career change, not as a result of any problems at the school. After that, Eames drifted between odd jobs and the art scene, but everything, as far as Arthur can tell, was more or less above board. He hasn't seemed to pick up any unsavoury characters before coming to California and getting certified to teach K-6 in the state. Eames is actually pretty fortunate to have gotten a full-time position so soon after state-certification. It speaks to a certain level of talent.Eames is an asshole, like Arthur had suspected, and worst of all, he's actually pretty funny.Arthur decides that he will stop lobbying for Phillipa to be moved to the other kindergarten class. Eames had seemed capable enough during their meeting that Arthur doesn't even feel magnanimous about it.*Arthur is at work when he gets a call from the school. Mr. Eames would like to schedule an appointment to see him or Mr. Cobb. Phillipa has been refusing to eat lunch."Yes, of course. Let me call you back in ten minutes?" Arthur asks the receptionist, and hangs up.3:30 on Wednesday, or 4:00 on Thursday. Neither really are convenient options because they're in the middle of the day. First, he calls Dom."What are you doing at 3:30 on Wednesday or on Thursday at 4?" Arthur asks without preamble."Um," says Dom. Arthur can hear Dom ruffling through papers. "Department meeting, and attending a class for Linda Wong as a guest lecturer.""Any chance you could get out of either of those? The school called. Phillipa hasn't been eating her lunch. They want a meeting.""I can see about the department meeting; Linda's got material from my lecture coming on her midterm, so I don't think I can get out of that one," Dom says.Arthur waits while Dom checks, waiting for the tell-tale click dial tone that meant Dom had tried and failed to put him on hold again, but it never comes. There are also no fuzzy, distant office sounds that mean Dom just dropped the receiver on the desk, which is his usual back-up plan. Dom might actually have put Arthur on hold successfully. Arthur's a little impressed. Dom's been hanging up on him for years, trying to put him on hold."How much do you need me to go?" Dom says when he gets back. Not good news then.Arthur sighs and checks his planner. "I'll work through lunch on Thursday morning and leave early," Arthur tells him. Then he calls the school back.Arthur arrives exactly on time for the meeting. Mr. Eames has the easy air of someone who has not been waiting around for anything in particular, but just happens to be there by happy coincidence, despite the careful scheduling. Arthur finds it exceedingly annoying.Phillipa has been going through a phase where she will only eat macaroni and cheese or grilled cheese sandwiches. Not anticipating a straight week of mac and cheese for every meal, including breakfast, they've run out and Arthur hasn't had time to run to the store yet to get more. Dom has forgotten to pick it up twice after school already.Arthur has been making grilled cheese for her in the mornings instead, but apparently, it doesn't keep as well until lunchtime as mac and cheese in a thermos. By the time lunch rolls around, the bread is limp and soggy instead of slightly crispy, and the cheese is cold, and Phillipa will take a few dejected bites and then refuse to eat the rest."Why are your shirts all so ugly," Arthur blurts, because, well, they are. It wasn't what he'd meant to say, what he should have said, which was something about how he'd have a talk with Phillipa about nutrition--but it's distracting. Eames wears the most hideously coloured button-downs Arthur's ever seen. That doesn't begin to touch the patterns they come in. He doesn't know why anyone would make them in the first place, much less why Eames would buy them and wear them in public."Small children like bright colours," Eames says."Grown-ups like eyesight."Mr.Eames rolls his eyes at him. A teacher rolls his eyes at him. "You're not actually going blind. I hardly took you as one for hyperbole."There's not a good way Arthur can respond to that. Everything would look like he was trying too hard to-- to what, exactly? Blatant flirting is not an acceptable answer, so Arthur is definitely not doing that. All Arthur can do is make sure he stops at the grocery store on his way home and pick up some macaroni and cheese.At the store, Arthur wonders if he can get the generic brand or if it has to be Kraft, but ultimately decides to play it safe. The next day, Phillipa decides that she only likes PB&J.*"Are you sure little Phillipa's not yours? I detect a hint of your perfectionism in the way she builds castles out of blocks." Mr. Eames does not have large, bouncy, clear kindergarten teacher handwriting. His lines aren't straight and his loops aren't perfect circles."Quite sure," Arthur writes back. Then, as an afterthought, "P.S. She builds cities, not castles."The next note Mr. Eames sends home is written in a very good imitation of Arthur's own handwriting. Arthur makes Ariadne write out the response for him because she's over, ostensibly to borrow a book from Professor Cobb, but really to play with the kids. She gives Arthur kind of a weird look, but she does it anyway, so Arthur resolves to make Dom buy her a coffee before her next Psych 101 office hours. Arthur remembers being a grad student--caffeine is the life-blood of any college campus. It's worth more than gold. Gold, after all, can't keep you awake through the last four hours of writing term papers before the winter holiday.*Arthur is going to join the PTA. He probably doesn't really have enough time for it, and it isn't like he doesn't trust Dom to do it, but--he just doesn't trust Dom to do it. Not properly. Dom would show up once every three or four months, and then only vote for the measures he genuinely cares about, not the measures that will be in Phillipa's, and eventually James's best interest. Dom won't think about the job like that, won't think of the PTA as a job at all.Arthur doesn't have a need to rule the local PTA with an iron fist. He just knows how these things work. Maybe it doesn't matter much for kindergarten or first grade, but in a few years, it will. Parent participation in the PTA and extracurricular activity boards are one of the things that bump your child up from 'top ten percent' to 'top ten students'. The US isn't a meritocracy, not really; they just want you to think it is.Arthur's already missed the first couple of PTA meetings. He's ashamed to say he hadn't thought of it at all until the ditto came home in Phillipa's homework folder, half a page on blue paper reminding parents to participate. There's a short list of the dates for the next few meetings. He won't be missing those.Arthur writes two dates into his planner. The third, he'll be out of town on business; he'll have to make Dom go if anything important is going on. At the first (well, third), Arthur arrives a little early and finds a seat somewhere in the middle aisles, toward the end of a row."Surprised to see you here, Arthur. You didn't strike me as one for power games," Mr. Eames says, dropping into the empty seat next to him."You didn't strike me as the type to bother with these endless meetings," Arthur retorts."Parent Teacher Association. I have to come so you have someone to associate with."Arthur twitches a corner of his mouth up at that, makes Eames's glib response just a little bit dirty. He knows Eames catches it because he's looking. It turns into a full-blown smirk, but that's ok, because the meeting's finally starting.The meeting is an exercise in boring chaos. Nothing is as organized as it should be, and Arthur suddenly feels much better about missing the first two, because clearly no one has their shit together yet. On his way out, Arthur collects two of the chaperone volunteer forms. He can drop them off tomorrow on his way to work.*The next note that comes home in Phillipa's homework folder is just a quick update on her progress. Phillipa is doing well, and the note is in Ariadne's tiny scrawl.*Arthur gets pulled onto a new job, a nasty corporate restructuring hard on the heels of what had probably been a very ill-advised acquisition/merger. He ends up sleeping at the office the first four days, getting everything in order so his team could go in and set everything straight--or at least the management process snags, anyway. They'll have to deal with their interpersonal issues and corporate culture conflicts on their own.By the time he's given a streamlined corporate plan to Talpexi Corp, Arthur's actually worked enough overtime that HR calls him specifically to inform him that he is not legally allowed to come in to work the next week.Monday, Arthur sleeps for fifteen hours, and crawls out of bed at 2 pm. He catches up on some reading and eats random crap out the fridge in lieu of an actual meal until Dom comes home with James and Phillipa. By Tuesday, Arthur's bored out of his skull, and halfway through the day, he drops by Dom's office with James to tell him he's kidnapping him from daycare, and not to worry about getting Phillipa in the afternoon either, just to give himself something to do.*Eames stands in the doorway blocking the exit, keeping one eye on the chain link fence and one eye scanning the school yard for problems. Children making actual trouble have a different kind of energy than kids playing around. It's easy to spot if you keep your eyes unfocused--it jumps right out at you. At lunch, Eva had tried to make Henry eat a caterpillar. Eames had had to tell her how much it would hurt the caterpillar to be eaten before she'd given it up."I'm a little early," Arthur says, coming up behind Eames in the hallway. "The front office said I could find you out here." He's holding a baby--James, Eames remembers Phillipa has a baby brother named James--and wearing a T-shirt. It's white, and has some kind of corporate logo on it. He looks good: relaxed and easy. Eames helpfully props the inside fire door open further so Arthur doesn't have to get his hands free of baby to get through.Suddenly the space between the two doors feels very small, with the two--three--of them all standing inside."Arthur, it's unusual to see you here," Eames says."Despite all previous evidence, my employer apparently believes in labor laws after all," Arthur says, and there's a hint of a smile on his face, a hint of mischief in his eyes. Eames could get used to that; he likes it already.Arthur leans forward, closer to Eames, and closer to the wide-open door to the outside. Phillipa's running around in frantic butterfly patterns with a boy close behind her. She throws both hands out and runs straight into a stunted pine tree in the yard: safe. Then they switch places, boy running as hard as he can for the poles holding up the basket ball hoop. It changes when you hit the base.Phillipa veers off suddenly, letting the first boy escape, and, fingers straining, just brushes the back of Embert's shirt. "You're it!" she shrieks, already turning to run back toward her base."Am not!" Embert shouts, "You didn't touch me!" Phillipa turns back around to face him."Did too!"Embert crosses his arms. Eames starts paying them a little bit more attention. Phillipa considers him for a minute, then shouts "Fine! Did now!" and tags him again, this time solidly, and takes off back for her tree. Eames relaxes, certain now there won't be anything for him to intervene in, and gives the rest of the yard another sweep."Tires them out before we send them home to their parents. Everyone's grateful, they just don't realize it." Eames nods out towards the yard.Arthur glances sideways up at Eames, body still tucked in a hair closer than he really has to be so he can look out the doorway. His lips quirk up, just a bit more, edging into genuinely amused territory, and then he opens his mouth to say something. It's going to be dry and sarcastic and devastatingly clever, Eames knows that already--he's just waiting to hear what the actual words will be.And then Phillipa shouts, "Uncle Arthur!!" at the top of her powerfully five-year-old lungs, and starts racing across the playground towards them, and Arthur's attention snaps to her instead. He steps out into the California sunshine, and adjusts James in his arms, and Phillipa thuds into his legs like she didn't just see him this morning, or whenever. Like they don't live in the same house.Arthur, impressively, barely even staggers under all the force of a hurtling kindergartner. Well, Eames supposes, Arthur never comes to pick her up in the afternoons. He can't really blame her for thinking it's a treat.*Eames's flat is covered in construction paper when his phone buzzes on the coffee table. Just once, so it's a text, which means it's probably Yusuf. Well, Yusuf knows where the key is; he can let himself in, as per usual.Ten minutes later, it buzzes again, so Eames hauls himself up to his feet and steps around the students' pictures to get it. Wouldn't do to crumple any by stepping on them. Every class in the school gets to decorate the bulletin board by the front office once a term. It's Eames's class's turn, so he's going through each of his students' five favourite drawings or paintings to pick one to hang on display. They get to pick their favourites, and then he selects one to hang to make sure everyone has one up."Gonna be late," reads the first one. The next says, "Nevermind, s/t's come up. Not gonna make it," which is clearly code for, "I'm getting lucky tonight.""Have fun," Eames types back, then goes back to his piles. The next student is Phillipa. She's got a couple drawings of her dino-turtle, one of a fantastical building with too many staircases, one of a finger-painted bunny, and a crayon drawing of her family.It says 'My FaMly' on the top, one of the y's backwards, and has several stick-figure people with scribbled on hair. One is clearly Cobb, because it's blond and labelled 'daddi'; another with dark hair is clearly Arthur. Phillipa's the one in the middle with the long yellow hair, and there's a little round thing next to her with more yellow hair that must be James. There's a house in the background, and a stick-figure in a dress standing on the moon.So, that's the family. Lady on the moon. Eames shakes his head; Phillipa might end up his favourite for the year if she keeps drawing her family like that. He puts that one on top of the 'going in the case' pile, and moves the other four back to his 'return to student' stack. Next up are Nina's pictures.*"Have you ever looked at Phillipa's family drawings?" reads the next note. This one is in the sloppy-neat script El uses when she's trying to be legible. El is one of Arthur's coworkers--the one least likely to ask what the hell is going on when asked to help out with a practical joke. The string 'ing' becomes one single loopy letter, always, but sometimes it looks like a j at the end of a word, and sometimes it looks like an ŋ. Half her s's are in print, and the other half she's forgotten she's trying to be neat and they're in messy cursive; there's almost a pattern to it that Arthur can see, based on where in a word the s comes, and what letters are on either side of it. Eames has it down perfectly. "She keeps drawing a lady stick-figure on a ball in the sky and saying it's her mother. Did you tell her she came from the moon instead of being adopted? Also, I think she wants a pet dinosaur for her birthday."Arthur winces when he reads it, and writes the reply himself. Mal is something they never talk about. Dom would say it's a horrible coping mechanism if it were anyone else, but not talking about her is how they keep their lives normal, and Dom isn't saying anything about coping mechanisms.He keeps it as short as possible, "Mrs. Cobb died," and forgets to respond about the possibility of a birthday dinosaur entirely.Arthur's reluctant to take up the game again after that, but the next note Eames sends home in Phillipa's folder--another progress report--is in a blocky hand Arthur doesn't recognize. It doesn't say anything about the last note at all. Arthur attributes the warm rush in his chest entirely to relief at being able to skirt that particular crater."Who's this?" he makes Ariadne write back for him, because she's there and convenient.*"So, Sunday, what are you doing?" Ariadne asks Dom one Monday after their Psych 101 class."It's a Sunday, so nothing, probably," he says. He settles the sheaf of assignments into something resembling a stack and sticks them into his bag."Good. Then you're coming to my football party. It starts at 2; game's at 4. Come any time. Arthur's in town too, right? Bring everyone. There'll be lots of food." Her smile is open and cheerful and doesn't take no for an answer."Yeah, sure," Dom says."Great," Ariadne replies. "Professor Wong said they're coming, and Roth said he might bring his daughter if he shows up. I'm going to go hound some other grad students during office hours. It's going to be awesome."They get there somewhere around 2:30. Ariadne takes their coats and hangs them up in the hall closet, winding Phillipa's bright blue scarf around and around the neck of the hanger so it doesn't get lost. Then she leads them into the kitchen, waving them through a quick layout of the ground-floor apartment, and pointing out the pizza on the counter and the drinks in the fridge.The choices of beer are cheap and deeply appalling. There's milk and juice for the kids; Dom sticks to juice himself because he's the one driving. Arthur is eyeing the Bud in his hand and contemplating whether or not it's worth it to drink enough that he doesn't care.Ariadne abandons them in the kitchen when the doorbell rings again. A few minutes later, Linda Wong's two kids, Daniel and Joyce, are tearing through the kitchen on the way to the living room, where the TV is, and Linda's yelling after them not to run in the house.Ariadne and Linda don't join them in the kitchen, which means they're standing in the hallway chatting about something, probably with an armful of child-sized outerwear each. Arthur gives Phillipa a paper plate with a slice of pizza on it and takes her drink to carry into the next room himself, just to be safe."I think James is wet again," Dom says, turning back towards the hallway and the bathroom, shuffling a slightly fussy James in his arms.Arthur's handing off the diaper bag to Dom when he hears, "Jesus fucking wept, Yusuf, are you sure this is the girl who introduced you to decent beer?" from the other room. Arthur knows that voice. It takes him a second to place, because the context is all wrong, but it's--Eames walks around the corner into the kitchen then. He barely dodges Phillipa in time, box-stepping around her with an, "Easy there, sprog. Oh, hello, Phillipa!""Hi, Mr. Eames!" Phillipa chirps politely, not even turning around as she continues on her way to the living room. Eames turns around again just in time to keep from walking straight into Arthur."Mr. Eames," Arthur blinks. Then, because he has some control over what comes out of his mouth, instead of 'What are you doing here?' he asks "You know Ariadne?""Sort of. My mate Yusuf is dating her. Just met her today."Eames isn't wearing any of the hideous button downs that Arthur's gotten used to seeing him in at PTA meetings and the odd time he picks up or drops off Phillipa at school. He's wearing a dark grey t-shirt, just plain soft cotton. Arthur has a fleeting half-though wondering what Eames would look like sitting on his couch, cup of coffee and the morning paper, soft shirt riding up and showing a flash of stomach. Arthur shakes it away before it can come into sharper focus. He doesn't even have that couch any more. He'd sold it to the people who'd moved into his apartment when he moved out.The bottom edge of a whorl of black ink peeks out under each sleeve, tattoos Arthur's never seen before. No wonder Mr. Eames always wears long sleeves at work; not everyone considers tattoos appropriate for the eyes of their precious small children. They're too innocent to know about ink and needles.Arthur, on the other hand, very much wants to see the rest of them, to trace his fingers over the lines of them and find out where they begin. That's not at all appropriate.Eames has nowhere to go when Ariadne and the Wongs finally make it out of the entryway. They head straight through the narrow kitchen to the living room, off to make sure their kids aren't causing too much chaos, and Arthur steps neatly into Eames's space because he doesn't have enough time or space to step back and sideways.Eames smells like skin and aftershave, even though he's already scruffy, and it takes Arthur a beat longer than it should to pull himself away again. Eames, for his part, doesn't really seem to mind Arthur invading his space, and he doesn't say anything about it when Arthur steps back again.Instead, he says, "Are you really planning on drinking that horrid beer?" His top teeth are crooked when he grins. Arthur had never noticed before. He makes a point not to think about why it should matter to him at all.He pulls his eyes away from Eames's distractingly fascinating mouth, and glances down at the Bud in his hand. "If I have to," he says."Yusuf claims she usually drinks all these fancy local micro-brews. Let's say we find where she's keeping them?"*"This is breaking and entering, you know.""This is most certainly not breaking and entering. I would know." Eames cocks an eyebrow at Arthur, who holds up a bottle opener."And why should I take your word on that, Mr. Eames?""Confidential, of course," Eames says and holds out a bottle. Arthur pops the top and hands it back, and Eames gives him the next one to do as well. "Besides, pulling a couple of bottles out of the bottom of the fridge is hardly stealing."Eames hovers around the edge of a conversation Yusuf and Ariadne are having while waiting for Arthur to drop Phillipa's juice off with her and make sure she's settled for the next little while. Yusuf looks unfairly pained while Ariadne tries to explain that crap beer and crap pizza are the pillars of a good football party. Eames does not comment on the fact that American football is not real football because he's a guest."I feel betrayed," says Yusuf. "You kept giving me all of these delicious things, and then today, with the exact same face, you told me to try this Miller lite stuff, and it is disgusting.""You just don't get it, Yusuf. It's not a real football party if there's good beer. It defeats the purpose!" says Ariadne. Eames looks obviously innocuous until Ariadne calls him out for stealing her good beer, and Yusuf calls Ariadne out for keeping it from him.When Arthur's done, they wander out to the California-dry backyard. Eames settles himself on the lip of the patio. There are a couple of chairs on the little raised rectangle of brick, both occupied. Eames thinks he vaguely recognizes one as one of Yusuf's lab mates, and from the shop talk they have going, the other probably is as well. There are a few more empty lawn chairs spread out on the actual grass, but they seem too far away to bother with."So what did you really do for the last five years, since clearly you weren't exercising your true talent at breaking and entering?" Arthur asks, dropping down onto the step next to Eames. He's sitting just a little bit too close, elbows and hips brushing. Eames is trying not to think about it and failing spectacularly because all his attention focuses down whenever Arthur bumps into him.Eames grins at him, sideways, mischief, and says, "What if I told you I'd run away to join the circus? Or turned tricks for cash? Or nicked secrets from people's minds and money from their pockets?"Arthur grins back and takes a pull from his bottle--Flying Dog from Ariadne's secret cache. It isn't local, and Eames really has no idea how she got it way out on this coast. He hasn't had any since a brief stint couch surfing in DC, when he'd been in town for Artomatic."I would not believe anything you said to me," Arthur replies. "Because you would be lying." The man has honest to god dimples when he really smiles. What is Eames supposed to do with that?Eames spends most of the party fabricating increasingly improbable ways he may have spent his past few years, and grinning whenever Arthur figures out whether something actually happened or not. He's not making much effort to make it difficult; he enjoys how pleased Arthur seems with himself when he correctly calls Eames out on a bluff too much for Eames to want to try to.It's mostly guesswork on Arthur's part; that, and Eames discovers, what should really be a disturbing lack of respect for other people's privacy. Somehow Arthur manages to make a habit of invasive, stalker-esque background checks seem exceedingly business professional.Halfway through a particularly brilliant rendition of a horrific part time cafe-employment experience, Eames decides that Arthur's laugh might actually be addictive.Darkness has fallen and they've moved back into the kitchen. Eames has hauled himself up to sit on the edge of one of the kitchen counters, and Arthur is leaning up against the counter opposite him, idly re-arranging rows of empty beer bottles as they talk, when Ariadne comes in to find them."Arthur," she says, "I think you guys are getting ready to head out. Phillipa's fallen asleep under the coffee table; do you think you could help collect her?""Yeah, of course," Arthur says, pushing away from the counter edge. Arthur shoots Eames a little smile as he follows Ariadne out. It's close and intimate, like the rambling conversations they've been having all night. They've managed to watch no football at all.*

"My teacher in fifth-year. Bloody terrifying woman. Deceptive handwriting.

But, you, I'm ashamed of you, using repeats. Have you run out of friends already, darling?"
Arthur briefly contemplates whether or not Phillipa would pick up bad language if he asked her to write out f-u-c-k y-o-u for him. On the one hand, she'll learn it eventually and this would be for a good cause. On the other, five is a bit young to be giving her language she won't know what to do with, yet.Arthur thinks for a few moments, and then makes a phone call.

"YUSUF YOU TRAITORx"
Eames writes back, Yusuf's little x's for periods, developed to differentiate them from decimal points.Arthur gets another note the next day and wholly unprompted, safely in Arthur's handwriting again, that reads, "I resent you greatly for attempting to steal my friends away."*Eames needs bread, rather desperately. He could use milk, and a green vegetable or two, but they're not necessary. Eames doesn't really need anything else, except the bread, which is why he'd put off going to the grocer's for so long.So he gets bread. He gets milk. He skips the vegetables, because he had found a packet of frozen peas in the freezer that morning while looking for something he could eat for breakfast, and frozen peas are still vegetables that are green. The beer is an impulse buy, but when can you ever not use more beer?It's directly after work, and it has been a very long, very tiresome day. A little boy from the second grade had thrown up on the hallway carpet directly outside of Eames's classroom. Days with vomit by 10 am are almost always tiring. Perhaps the beer is not an impulse purchase after all; perhaps it's more of a desperation purchase.Eames turns up the breakfast aisle, half a thought forming about seeing if any of the tea he likes is on sale, when he sees Arthur. Arthur is frowning at the cereal like it has personally wronged him. He's got a trolley half full of vegetables, canned food and pasta sitting in front of him. At the end of the aisle, where Arthur can keep an eye on her, Phillipa crawls in circles on her hands and knees around a display of tea-boxes. His tea is on sale."I'm not sure why you're trying to intimidate your cereal, but I am sure that it is sufficiently cowed by now," Eames says by way of greeting. Arthur's eyes glance towards him when he starts speaking, then back to the cereal."Mr. Eames." The corner of his lips quirk up minutely. Eames notices because he's watching for it, trying to gauge Arthur's actual mood.A grin blossoms full and suddenly easy across Eames's own face, day suddenly much improved. He sets himself the impromptu goal of seeing if he can't tease those dimples of Arthur's out sometime during this conversation. Eames has a hunch that Arthur dimples are probably remarkably sound day-improvers. Probably even better than the six-pack of Stone IPA sitting in his basket. Eames is a good judge of these things."So, should I be defending your honour against the," Eames leans a little (unnecessarily) closer to peer at the box directly in front of Arthur, "The Cap'n Crunch Crunch Berries, or is that reserved for the Trix?"Arthur doesn't move away, and the other corner of his mouth twitches up to join the first, so Eames shifts his weight a little, so he doesn't really have to move back when he straightens up. "I think I can take care of it, thanks," Arthur says.Eames bites his tongue on the "Anything else I can help you with instead?" because he is above propositioning people in supermarkets, even if they are devastatingly gorgeous. Really. He is.Arthur raises an eyebrow at him, like he knows what he's thinking. Like he's daring Eames to do it anyway, corny lines be damned. Eames licks his lips, smirks. Arthur stays just as he is, arch and expectant. Something leaps in Eames's chest, something nameless and excited."Get the yogurt Cheerios," Eames says, because he hates blandly fulfilling expectations. Eames particularly enjoys baffling Arthur's expectations, ever since that first moment when he'd gotten Arthur to concede that he might, perhaps, be capable of teaching a five year old something worth knowing."What?" Arthur laughs his surprise instead of frowns it, and Eames never thought he'd get a gift like that. Something like grudging, suspicion, concentration, maybe. Arthur isn't the type to be delighted by surprise."You're worried about the nutrition, yeah? Kids always want the ones with all the sugar. The yogurt ones will be sweet enough to make them happy.""Hmm." Arthur reaches down to pick up a box, flips it over to check the nutrition label. Eames does not check out his arse while he's at it; no, Eames appreciates it. Checking out implies uncertainty about whether or not Eames would like what he finds. "Hey, this might actually work.""Of course it would, darling; I have excellent taste," Eames says, breezy and flippant.And then Cobb comes up the aisle toward them, baby sleeping on one shoulder."Hi, Mr. Eames," he says, and it's nothing like when Arthur says it, playful and slightly condescending, like it's a joke Arthur's letting Eames in on. This is just a parent, greeting a teacher. "Arthur, thank God, does Phillipa still like jello? I've been trying to remember for the past ten minutes."Arthur frowns, thinking. "Yes, but just the strawberry flavor. She refused lime last week because it was 'too green' and I couldn't sneak the cherry past her, even though it's the same color as strawberry and she likes cherry-flavored lollipops the best." "Thanks," Cobb says, leaning between Arthur and Eames to drop the red jello into the shopping trolley. He sounds like a man who was lost washing up on a familiar shore. Arthur's smile for Cobb is smaller than the ones he'd been flashing Eames a moment before and, Eames decides, private.Then Cobb is gone, turning the corner at the end of the aisle with several rejected flavours and colours of jello in hand.The exchange brings Eames up short, because he'd forgotten. Cobb. Of course. The reason letting himself fall for Arthur would be a monumentally bad idea. Arthur's boyfriend. The one he lives with. The one whose children he's helping to raise.Eames is an arsehole. Arthur turns back to Eames with that smile he'd wanted, right dimple just a little bit deeper than the other. Eames feels brittle when he tries to smile back.His voice is smooth, though, when he says, "Well, I've got to be going. Have a good night," and turns up the aisle toward the check out. It's the opposite direction than the one Cobb had taken purely by coincidence.Eames pauses a moment before getting in queue.Eames goes back to the liquor aisle and picks up another carton of beer before he gets to the checkout.*Eames takes several mental steps back. Friendly. Eames can definitely do friendly. Eames could do coolly professional, but the simple truth of it is that he genuinely likes Arthur, and he's fairly certain that the only one coolly professional would hurt at this point is himself. So, Eames can do friendly, and then he doesn't have to avoid Arthur embarrassingly at parent-teacher meetings.*The next PTA meeting is on a Wednesday night. Arthur works late at the office and heads to the school right after. He's hungry and therefore cranky, but he's got his pleasantly bland face on so probably no one can tell. That's the plan, anyway.Arthur finds Eames immediately in the crowd, not even aware he was really looking specifically for anyone until he's spotted him, standing near the wall. A happy carton of milk is holding hands with a carrot over his shoulder, and he's talking to Mrs. Brunowsky, one of the third grade teachers. Arthur's mood picks up, just a little.He catches Eames's eye, nods a greeting, and finds himself a place to sit. He moves one seat in further than he normally would. His pleasantly bland face may be sliding towards something that's actually a little bit happy. Arthur doesn't put much effort into trying to stop it.Eames doesn't sit next to him when the meeting starts. He sits directly behind him, and kicks the back legs of his chair the whole time, looking genial and innocent whenever Arthur half-turns to tell him to cut it out. Every time Eames just raises inquisitive eyebrows at him, and Arthur turns back around without saying anything, because it's not like it would do any good anyway. Arthur grins to himself because he's facing forward and Eames can't see it; he doesn't want to encourage this sort of thing.At home, Arthur reheats dinner in the microwave, and Dom asks him why he's in such a good mood. Arthur shrugs and says, "No reason," and then Phillipa yells and James starts crying in the living room, and Dom drops his line of questioning in favour of keeping his children from killing each other.By the time Arthur gets into the living room (they have strict rules about dinner duty: whoever's not eating has first obligation to prevent chaos), Phillipa is sitting on the far end of the couch in time out and James is in his playpen with some blocks. Dom is sitting on the floor by the outlet with an old hairdryer, watching the news with closed captioning on because he can't hear the tv over the noise as he dries out Phillipa's favourite stuffed lion's mane.*"I did not steal Yusuf. He volunteered," Markus writes out for Arthur Friday morning. Fridays are slow because people seldom want to attempt corporate restructuring so soon before the weekend; Arthur doesn't feel the slightest twinge of guilt for distracting Markus from his bored attempts to re-arrange his desk just to look busy."Do I want to know, man?" Markus asks.'Badge-flipping," Arthur tells him."Friend-stealer," Eames writes back in Markus's hand on Tuesday's note.*Arthur is in the process of writing an email, so he doesn't look at the phone when he answers it. "Hello?""Our file says Dr. Cobb's our daytime contact, but we can't get ahold of him. You're our secondary contact." It's the school. Phillipa's sick and needs to go home.Arthur opens another tab and pulls up Cobb's Google calendar. He's awful about updating it, but it's better than nothing. Maybe Arthur should bribe or blackmail a TA into doing it for him. Arthur can't ever decide if it'll be worth the effort. Class for another hour, then a fifteen minute break, and class number two. After that it (should be) all office hours, and Dom can cancel those. No one ever goes to office hours anyway."Alright. I'll be right there," Arthur tells the school's office. Arthur writes an email to his boss, explaining that he's leaving for an early lunch appointment and that he will be back shortly. This raising children business is playing hell with his work schedule. Arthur doesn't even want to think about what it would be like if he had a less flexible schedule, if he had a reputation other than that of an extremely dependable, mildly insane workaholic.When Arthur gets to the school, Eames is waiting with Phillipa in the front office. She doesn't look too bad, no coughing or sniffles, though when Arthur squats down to ask her how she's feeling, she says, "Bad" and looks a little red around the eyes. She doesn't uncurl from where she's leaning in to Mr. Eames side, or make any move to get out of the chair, so Arthur hauls himself back to his feet."She's just got a mild fever," Eames explains. "School policy says she can't stay if she's got a fever. The nurse gave her one baby aspirin, since you'd signed that waiver form. I don't think she's feeling too good, but seems more sleepy than anything else.""Thank you for waiting with her," Arthur tells Eames, collecting Phillipa in his arms. "I hope it wasn't a lot of trouble, leaving your class?""No worries. The kids are outside with the other kindergarten class. It's my planning period right now."Arthur cracks half a smile at that. "Planning period? After all that time you spent telling me how you prefer to improvise?" He adjusts Phillipa until her head is tucked up under his chin, face smooshed into his shoulder, where he can carry her easily. She's falling quickly into that sleeps-like-a-rock thing toddlers do, where they mysteriously weigh twice their normal weight while sleeping."Never said I used it," Eames smirks at him. "Now, good luck signing her out with your arms full.""What?" Arthur is absolutely not dismayed, no matter what his expression might try to say about it."Well, you can't just waltz out of here with a small child, you know. There could be a fire alarm, and the whole school will worry because little Phillipa is missing, because no one knows you'd taken her home for the day. Parental kidnapping is on the rise as well. The school can't be responsible for that."Arthur cannot argue with reasons like that. They make perfect sense, and Arthur is glad of the precautions Phillipa's school takes to ensure her safety. He also can't extricate his arm from where it's supporting Phillipa to fill out a form or a sign-out sheet. It's a problem.Eames taps an open binder on the front office's counter. "Go on then," he says, when Arthur gives him a look that's 80% irritation and 20% determination. Eames has a smudge of orange paint on the elbow of his sweater. Arthur absolutely doesn't think that's endearing, so his percentages remain the same."Well, here, look. Don't tattle on me," Eames takes pity at last, before Arthur can manage to shift Phillipa over to the other shoulder, and signs Arthur's name on the first empty line on the sheet. Eames fills in the rest of the line quickly: date, time, child's name. "There you go. You going to be alright with the car door?"This time it's 90% irritation, 10% gratitude. Definitely 90% irritation. "I'm sure we'll manage," Arthur drawls. Ok, so maybe the percentages are flipped. Close enough.*It's a Thursday and Arthur is out of town on business the second long weekend running. Arthur still leaves them neatly labeled tupperware containers in the fridge, and Dom thanks God for small blessings, because the instant Arthur left, James decided suddenly that he doesn't like sleeping through the night anymore, even though he's nearly 14 months old. Dom moves the crib into his bedroom again to keep an eye on him, because he's almost big enough that Dom is starting to worry he'll figure out how to get out of it on his own, but doesn't yet have the muscle control to get down from it safely.Phillipa and James are allowed to go outside to play for an hour after she gets home from school, as long as she promises to come get Daddy if James does something that could hurt himself. Dom puts a snack of yogurt cereal out for James, and sliced apples out for Phillipa and gives her choice of a juice box, or a glass of water. When Arthur's gone, Dom always uses the time this buys him to go through her homework folder and see what she needs to do that night. If Arthur's home, Arthur gets there before Dom, like he's got a sixth sense attuned specifically to always get Phillipa's homework folder first. Dom doesn't fight these things.There's a note written on a strip of notebook paper in the front of the folder this time. "Phillipa bit Jake today to get her turn at the swings earlier. Fairly creative, and laudably vicious, but not really acceptable behaviour," Eames has written. It's in Arthur's handwriting again, but Dom doesn't notice, because his child is apparently biting other students.He just writes back, "I will have a talk with Phillipa about her behavior," and signs his name. Then, he hauls Phillipa in from the garden and sits her down for a 'talk-about' and how biting is not an ok way to make someone else share.*Eames can definitely not do friendly with Arthur.*When Arthur gets back from his business trip, all of Eames's notes are back in his own fluid handwriting, and never stray off the point.*"So, what's going on with Arthur?" Yusuf asks, casual, over bottles of Pyramid Haywire.Eames swallows smoothly, because he's Eames, and that's what he does. "Nothing's going on with Arthur," he tells Yusuf.Yusuf gives him his "bollocks" look back, but Eames ignores him. The Hammers are playing. Eames had to get an extra sports package with his cable to keep up on his footie. Yusuf takes shameless advantage of it."Fine, mate, keep it to yourself." Not even Yusuf is spiteful enough to root for Manchester City against West Ham.The Hammers lose 2-0.*The traffic is awful and Arthur is late to the next PTA meeting, so he slips in quietly and sits down at the back. He hasn't missed too much. The secretary is wrapping up a brief summary of the last meeting's minutes, and then cedes the floor to the president for the bulk of the day's agenda. It's about a fundraiser for the school's arts program--if they get enough votes in favour, they'll have a (free) student car wash in the parking lot. Arthur's not so naive that he doesn't realize that means parent car wash while the kids run around dumping water over each other and shrieking with laughter, playing unwitting donation bait.Eames leans up against the wall the whole meeting, and Arthur ends up watching him for most of it instead of paying attention. The back and forth and pontification and endless opinions and clarifications don't really deserve Arthur's attention anyway. Sometimes he catches Eames glancing back at him, which makes something pleased and self-satisfied uncurl in his chest, somewhere between his stomach and his lungs, even if he does thwart all of Arthur's attempts at catching his eye.Then Eames leaves right as they start taking the vote. Arthur waits an extra ten minutes, after, making up excuses to chat with the teachers, the other parents. Eames doesn't come back in.Arthur has to fight the traffic on his way home too, and by the time he gets back he's in the worst mood he's been in in weeks. Everything Dom says gets on his nerves, and the third time Arthur snaps at him over how much noise he's making grading final papers, Dom asks him what crawled up his A-S-S and died and then tells him that Phillipa behaves better than Arthur is right then, and Arthur's got 24 years on her.Arthur tells Dom to F-U-C-K himself and goes to his room before he stops remembering to spell while the kids are awake.*Arthur gets up extra early and makes pancakes the next morning to apologize. Dom is finally talking to him again by the second plate.*"Mr. Eames," says Arthur, coming up to stand by him between the new book section and about six lonely carts full of books in need of reshelving."Not trailing any little ones today?" Eames says, because kids are safe. Kids have nothing to do with the way Arthur still, despite Eames's better judgment, looks devastatingly gorgeous in a jumper and a pair of dark jeans, or the way that his hair has just the slightest curl as it's brushed away from Arthur's face. Eames never thought he'd be the type of person to hide behind children. He's not proud of this moment."No, I've left the ducklings at home," Arthur says. Home, Eames thinks. Arthur's home, Cobb's children. Cobb. "They called and said some of my interlibrary loan books had come in. They only hold them for three days, so I couldn't put it off, even for a Saturday morning sleeping in." Arthur gestures to the books he's holding.Eames leans forward, and Arthur obligingly holds up his short stack of books. Salt: A World History, and Um -- Slips, Stumbles and Verbal Blunders, and What They Mean. "You made a special trip to the library to get those? A history of salt; you wanted to read a history of salt so much that you asked them to find it for you special?" Eames asks."I felt like my brain was going to get stuck in Dr. Seuss-land forever. Don't get me wrong. Dr. Seuss is classic, but there are only so many times you can read Green Eggs and Ham before you wish ham and eggs had never been invented." Arthur expression is grave, but his eyes are wry."I do not like them, Sam-I-Am, I do not like green eggs and ham," Eames says. He can't help himself, not with the way Arthur is looking at him, the way it twists in his chest that Arthur lets him see him open and playful."Would you like them here or there?" Arthur asks, seriously, and Eames for an instant has the dizzying, wild, impossible thought that Arthur is asking him something else entirely.Still. "I would not like them here or there. I would not like them anywhere," Eames tells him, slightly less seriously because he can't keep the smile off his face. Eames had never imagined his Saturday morning would contain such a delightful joint recitation. His Saturday mornings usually don't."So you can see how I might need some stimulating reading--or at least, reading that's stimulating for someone who'd learned how to read a couple decades ago," Arthur says."Here," Eames says, plucking a book off a reshelving cart. "Try this one. I think it'll do you good, once you're finished learning about salt." He hides the cover until Arthur puts out a mock-grudging hand to take it, and then drops the hardcover book into his waiting fingers. Overachievers: the Secret Lives of Driven Kids. Arthur arches an eyebrow at him."Very subtle, Mr. Eames," he says."What can I say?" says Eames, grinning outright now. "I've never been very good at subtle." Something in Arthur's expression shifts then, shifts from amused and playful to amused and a little bit like interest, and oh no. No, Eames isn't, he can't. Eames wasn't supposed to do any of this at all. Eames is supposed to be keeping his distance, and he is failing miserably at it, and he needs to leave, now; so he does. He checks his watch, just for show, and lies through his teeth about being late for something, and he leaves calmly but quickly, hoping like hell Arthur can't tell that he's really running away.Eames takes his books to return to one of the other branches, even though it means driving an extra 40 minutes. Sometimes discretion is the better part of valour.*In January, there's an actual parent-teacher conference--not like the meet and greet at the beginning of the year--where the teacher schedules a meeting with every student's guardian or guardians and talks about their behavior in class and their academic progress, such as it is for kindergarteners. Theirs is scheduled for a Tuesday night.Arthur and Dom both plan to go, which is, of course, why their childcare for the night falls through in disasterous ways. They try to find alternatives, but Mrs. Eisington next door is out of town, off to her yearly "girls' Vegas trip." Melissa Williams, the seventeen year old down the block, broke her wrist in lacross practice two days before and is higher than a kite on pain meds. As a last ditch effort, Dom calls Ariadne.That goes straight to voicemail, so Dom stays home. Arthur would never ever admit to cheating at rock-paper-scissors, but he might have cheated, just a little bit. Arthur might, if pressed, admit to taking things like student teacher meetings a little too seriously, never mind the ridiculously attractive teacher conducting this particular meeting.Something about Eames is stilted and shuttered when Arthur gets there, as he settles into the miniature chair across the table. It feels like being careful, and Arthur wants to push and push until he finds out what it is.Eames's eyes linger just a little too long on Arthur's mouth, though, and his hands are just a little too close to the heat of Arthur's skin when he points something out on the print-out Arthur's given about Phillipa's progress for the first half of the school year. It makes Arthur's skin itch."...and mandatory state testing doesn't start until first grade. Anything else you want to address while you're here?" Eames finishes."I read that book you recommended. It was a good read--gave me a lot of ideas. I think we'll need to sign Phillipa up for supplemental math courses, so she doesn't think that girls can't do math. It's so hard to counter societal messages. Also, I think we should find her a Chinese tutor and maybe look into somewhere she can do advanced reading lessons," Arthur tells him, just to get a rise out of him. "We'd probably be able to swing the English reading on our own though. There are pros and cons to getting a professional, but doing it yourself means you know exactly what kind of progress the pupil is making.""I think you might have missed the point of the book," Eames says at last, carefully, and clearly nonplussed. Arthur smirks at him, and waits the full beat it takes before Eames realizes Arthur is fucking with him and he starts laughing.*"I'm having a pot luck at my house on Sunday," Yusuf says one Thursday when he comes to pick Ariadne up. She'd come back with Dom from the university with a pile of half-graded papers, and conned Phillipa into helping her alphabetize the ones she finished and running them to Dom like a courier by convincing her it was the best game ever. Arthur has to kind of admire resourcefulness like that, even if it’s taking shameless advantage of the children under his care. "Do you think you can make it?""Eames has already said he's coming," Ariadne interjects, sly with the way she eyes Arthur. Yusuf frowns."I'm not sure that's-" he starts to say, but Ariadne's already tugging him out the door."See you on Sunday!" Ariadne calls from the driveway, just before climbing into the passenger seat.Dinner's nice, busy, chaotic in the good way that means there are a lot of people crammed around a too-small table all having a good time. Dinner's nice, but Arthur's going slowly crazy because one minute Eames is laughing at his jokes and the next he's avoiding looking at him, eyes fixed on his plate, or face turned very carefully away as he listens to another story down the table. Arthur's never liked playing games, but with Eames, Arthur can't figure out what he's trying to do, what he's trying to get, which makes it worse.Arthur feels like he's strung out on the end of an elastic line, bouncing back and forth, but if he concentrates hard enough on the way Ariadne is demolishing Dom on the Wii, he can forget that. So Arthur focuses on enjoying himself like he focuses on contract sub-clauses, and it mostly works."Where's the bathroom?" Arthur asks Yusuf, while Dom protests loudly that Wii bowling is nothing like actual bowling and that Ariadne might not be taking any classes from him, but Dom can still fail her. Eames is in the garage, bringing in another bottle of white and another bottle of red. Arthur's annoyed with himself that he'd still, despite his best efforts, been paying enough attention to Eames to know that. He doesn’t know where half the other people still at the potluck are, not even the ones he’s known for years. In the kitchen talking, probably, or out in the back yard."Down the hall on the right. The door on the left is a closet; don't go in there," Yusuf says.Arthur nods, and heads off, not quite curious enough about what Yusuf could be keeping in his closet to bother snooping. When Arthur comes out again, he runs into Eames.Eames is looking at him, caught in the small space between the bathroom and the coat closet, just looking at him, and Arthur has no idea what he's thinking. He never does. Eames is looking at him, like he's caught out, like he wants him, like he wants to run and Arthur can't think of any good reason for that. He doesn't want to give him another chance to slip away, doesn't want to give Eames another couple of weeks of hemming and hawing and skirting around the edge of what do we want to do?So Arthur steps forward and steps forward again, and Eames just looks at him and doesn't step back.Arthur just stands in his space for a moment, waiting for a reaction, a go ahead, a get away, for something definite. "Arthur," Eames says. Arthur can't read his tone of voice, but he's looking at Arthur's lips now, face tilted just a little bit up, but his eyes locked on Arthur's mouth like he can't tear them away. That's good enough.Arthur leans in, brushing his lips over Eames's, and Eames sucks in a breath, like he's surprised, like he wants, so Arthur pulls him in.Eames's lips are wet and soft, but absolutely nothing about the way Eames kisses him back is pliant. It's blind and searching and getting, and all Arthur can think when Eames ratchets it up another notch is yes, finally. It's burning him up, fast and sharp like guncotton, and if the back and forth from before was going to drive him crazy, this might just kill him. And then, Eames pushes Arthur back and looks at him, absolutely, unmistakably horrified."Arthur, we can't do this," he says. He's got a hand on Arthur's chest, fingers clenched in his shirt, not letting go but just as definitely holding him back.Arthur doesn't lean back. "Why not?""What would Phillipa think?" And now Arthur pulls away. Eames fingers tighten in his shirt for a second, and then release. Let him go.Arthur schools his features until they're carefully bland. "I wasn't really planning on telling her. She's five." Eames's hand is still kind of hovering between them, like it can't decide whether or not he's going to reach for Arthur, or if he needs to guard against him. Arthur looks at it for a moment, but Eames doesn't say anything else. Whatever, Arthur's done with this. He leaves.Eames doesn't try to stop him.
*
By the time Eames gets his shit together enough to go back out into the main room with the wine he'd promised to fetch, Arthur and Cobb and the kids have left. Eames tells himself firmly it's for the best, and tries to pretend he believes it.He hands off the wine to Ariadne, who's pouting because she's been banned from the Wii because she gets too competitive. He doesn't ask where Arthur and Dom and the kids have gone; he's just grateful they are, that he won't have to avoid anyone's eyes when he makes his goodbyes.He doesn't stay, even though he'd been planning to, at least for a little longer. No one remarks on it. Sunday is a school night, after all.It is, Eames finds, much worse to find you can have what you want when you still can't have it. Whatever Arthur's offering isn't what Eames wants anyway.*Arthur stops going to PTA meetings altogether. He just, he doesn't want to risk it, and feels incredibly stupid for giving in to the feeling. It's not the most mature thing he's ever done, but Arthur considers it considerably more mature than his other options, so he takes it. Arthur hasn't been this hung up on someone since Tadashi, and that had imploded spectacularly.He makes Dom go to all of them instead, and resolves not to let himself grill Dom about the details when he gets back because if he can't be mature enough to go to a half an hour to forty-five minute meeting where he might (ok, probably would) run into Eames, then he is not allowed to drag other people through his shit.Dom tries to ask him about it, once. Arthur just presses his lips into a thin line, and goes back to mashing the potatoes a little bit more viciously than before. Dom doesn't press the issue.*"I'm in love with an arsehole," Eames tells his scotch mournfully. The scotch, at this point, is the only one listening, because Eames has been saying variations of the same thing for the past forty-five minutes, and even the bartender has started ignoring him except when he waves for a refill. It'd be cheaper to do serious drinking like this with his own scotch, but there are lines and alcoholics, and Eames is not crossing any more of them. The lines, he's not crossing. Cross alcoholics are different."I think you've had just about enough, buddy," the bartender says at Eames's next attempt at a refill, and Eames is so despondent about everything that he doesn't even try to fight it. He just resigns himself to a life without lovely scotch and lovely Arthur and lovely loveliness forever. The bartender sets a glass of water down in front of Eames, and Eames just sighs and lays his face down on the bar."Hey now, no sleeping here. Got someone we can call?" the bartender says, forcing Eames to sit up a little, and nudging the water at him. Eames takes an obliging drink."Arthur is an arsehole," Eames tells him. 'D'I tell you? He kissed me, but he can't kiss me and it's no good.""What's this Arthur's number?" the bartender asks."Dunno," Eames says. He takes another drink of water because the scotch is all gone and he's thirsty. Eames starts to lay his head back down again, but the bartender intercepts him."Hey, you got a cell phone right?" the bartender says. Eames nods his head, drinks more water. "Lemme see your cell phone? Just for a minute. I'll get you another drink," he promises. Eames nods again, and fishes his mobile out to hand over. He watches while the bartender presses some buttons and then makes a call. Eames doesn't like the way the room is spinning anymore. It used to be spinning sympathetically, but now it's being malicious and gloating a little about it.Eames puts his head down, successfully, because the bartender is busy talking into his mobile. The room may not like him anymore, but the counter top is still his friend."Here's your phone back," says the bartender, putting down a new glass of water in front of Eames as promised. "Your friend Yusuf is coming to pick you up." Eames nods his head against the counter, and the bartender doesn't try to make him sit up again, so Eames counts it as a win."We are changing me from your emergency contacts when you're sober," Yusuf says as he fights gravity to get Eames into his car. Eames nods at him sloppily, but isn't very concerned because he thinks Yusuf probably doesn't really mean it.Eames wakes up in the middle of the night with a glass of water and a couple of aspirin on the table by his bed. He's got his shoes off, at least, but he's still in all his clothes and he smells like a distillery, which isn't helping his heaving stomach any. It's not until he's thrown up into the toilet twice, tried to rinse most of the taste out of his mouth, and staggered back to bed that he notices the crumpled post it note in his sheets."I called you in sick pre-emptivelyx Told them it was a stomach bugx Get your shit togetherx I'll come round tomorrow after work to make sure you're not deadx"That's when Eames remembers it's a Friday, and he'd gotten drunk off his arse on a school night. Brokenhearted weeknight benders were acceptable in college, and when he had an art project but no real schedule; they're not acceptable now. No more of this. Arthur's not worth it.*When Phillipa comes home from school and tells them all about her substitute teacher Ms. Vazquez, Arthur squishes his concern down firmly and then ignores it while nodding along attentively. Eames isn't interested, and he's kind of chicken shit about expressing it. Arthur doesn't need that.He doesn't call the school on Monday, not even to make sure Eames isn't going to pass anything contagious off to the students.At work, Arthur's new restructuring plans for a silicon valley computer chip maker are so vicious President Saito calls him and tells him to tone it back a little; the company contracting them as consultants isn't going that bankrupt. During the team meeting, Markus buries his attention in the draft in front of him, studiously ignoring Arthur until Arthur actually starts to feel guilty enough to buy them all coffee. Then El spends the rest of the meeting smirking at him over her Arthur-sponsored coffee because he'd previously rejected all four of her decidedly less ruthless plans and they'd probably have to go with one of them now.*The fifth time in a week Arthur makes apology pancakes, Dom tells him to stop bothering. Forgiveness isn't something you can earn anyway. Arthur scowls and flips another pancake onto a plate. They're chocolate chip this time. He's only mostly sure Dom's talking about Arthur's behavior and not trying to give him a 'experienced life lesson'.Then the latest restructuring job kicks into high gear, and he can take out his pissy moods on his coworkers instead.*When Arthur gets home from work, he's exhausted. Dom has dinner on the table, and is keeping half an eye on the ratio between the number of peas on Phillipa's plate that actually make it into her mouth, and the number of peas that she tries to hide in her napkin. James smiles as soon as Arthur walks in the door, all three of his teeth shining white in his mouth around half a mouthful of partially chewed hot dog. James brandishes a small piece of boiled hot dog at Arthur, and makes a happy noise. Arthur's just worked a 70 hour week in three days only to have the client decide they are going to do it all in-house instead, and Arthur is embarrassingly grateful that a non-verbal toddler is happy to see him."I'm home," Arthur says. He drops his bag by the door."Dinner just started," Dom says, bending down to rescue some dropped peas from the floor. "I wasn't sure if you'd make it, so I put your stuff on a plate in the kitchen. Was going to saran-wrap it, but now I don't have to. Should still be warm."It is still warm, and Arthur settles into his seat at the table with something like bliss. Arthur doesn't even care that it's hot dogs and peas from a can and leftover mashed potatoes he'd made over the weekend. Phillipa chatters about her day at school, and James makes happy, gurgling sounds and the odd word, and Arthur tells them how getting Thursday and Friday off doesn't really make up for losing the latest job at such a late stage in the game. Arthur is home, and Arthur is happy, and Arthur is so tired he barely thinks of Eames at all.And then Dom drops the bomb on him."What do you mean, I'm chaperoning a class trip to the zoo on Friday?" It's a valid question, particularly for a Wednesday night. "You're chaperoning a trip to the zoo on Friday," Arthur tells Dom. Perhaps, if he clarifies for him, Dom will say, 'Oh, right, yes. I mean I'm chaperoning a trip to the zoo on Friday while you sleep off a week from hell and continue to avoid Phillipa's kindergarten teacher.' Though, perhaps, on second thought, not quite like that because Arthur is not steadfastly avoiding Eames, and even if he were, Dom wouldn't know about it.Dom does not say any variation of that, however, which is what Arthur was afraid of. Instead he says, "No, I was supposed to be chaperoning, but I've just been invited to give a guest lecture at Stanford on my paper about the cognitive effects of lucid dreaming on Friday, so I have to leave Thursday night."Arthur would suspect that Dom is conspiring against him, except he doesn't really think Dom has it in him to succeed. Arthur doesn't think Dom's above trying--he's definitely conniving enough--but Dom is, at heart, a big-picture kind of person. It's one of the reasons Arthur had moved in in the first place. He couldn't abandon sweet little Phillipa and James to that."Someone else can do it," Arthur says, but he knows he'll go. One day isn't a lot of time for the school to find a replacement chaperone, phone trees or not. "Right, ok. Fine." Arthur gives up before Dom even has a chance to say anything else. He just doesn't have the energy to fight.*The trip starts out well enough. There's an hour or so of children doggedly not learning anything because they're too excited about the zoo to sit still, much less pay attention. Any chaperones who hadn't just stayed when they'd dropped their kids off are all supposed to arrive by 8, the kids buddy up and chaperones claim their sets of eight students each, and then they all go out to the parking lot.Both kindergarten classes and all the chaperones are piled onto a couple of school buses and drive across the city to the gigantic park that houses the Los Angeles Zoo. They've got the school discount, and while there are two more chaperones than the zoo lets in for free, they just divide the extra 10 bucks among all the adults, and they're through the gates by 10:15."Alright, everyone. You're responsible for your own group of children. We'll meet up here at 12 for lunch and again at 3, when we'll regroup to get back on the buses and head home. Kids, you stay with your buddy, and with your chaperone. Either myself or Mr. Eames will be here by the elephant statue all day, so if you get separated from your group, you come back here first. Don't try to find your group by yourself," the other kindergarten teacher instructs them all. The kids are barely listening, but she's an old hand at this, and just waits until they quiet down, and repeats herself as many times as necessary.When she's satisfied with the response she gets, she nods, and Eames says, "Alright then. Off you go," and then Arthur is preoccupied with corralling eight overly excited kindergartners as they rush off to see the small mammal exhibit first.Arthur has to hold Grace Lee's hand through the reptile house, because the other kids are resolute in their desire to see snakes and lizards. It was difficult to get her to agree to the compromise, but leaving her outside by herself was even less of an option than letting the other 7 kids go in on their own. Nothing in the world will make her go near the komodo dragons, so Arthur diverts them to the new baby rock hyraxes instead.They spend a lot of time with the birds in the Asian Rainforest exhibit, and are absolutely fascinated when Arthur tells them that birds are little dinosaurs with wings. Phillipa falls in love with a tiny little deer there called a chevrotain, and it takes Arthur an extra fifteen minutes to convince her that they absolutely cannot have one as a pet. Grace, unexpectedly, thinks giant fruit bats are the coolest things ever and makes Arthur read every single placard with a picture of a bat on it to her.Once Arthur's torn them away from the Asian rainforests, they go to look at meerkats and zebra and chacoan peccary and North American river otters, and then head back to the group meeting place for lunch only a little late.It's chaos when they get there. Mrs. Anderson is off to one side talking in a low voice to a clearly panicking chaperone from the other class. Eames and the other chaperone who's already back are keeping an eye on the gaggle of kids, so Arthur takes his over to join the group and asks the other parent what's going on."One of her kids is missing. She's half-convinced she's been kidnapped. Mrs. Anderson is talking her down." Despite the distance between the distraught parent and the students, some of the kids are still picking up the frantic atmosphere and turning it into misbehaviour. Arthur stops Embert from putting a dead cicada down the back of another little boy's shirt and tries to field Phillipa's persistent questions about what they're having for lunch."Hey, Adam," Eames says. "Now that Arthur's here to help, I'm going to go put a notification in with the zoo's staff that Alice is missing and have their employees keep an eye out for her." Arthur can't help the way his heart stumbles when Eames says his name, and then immediately feels guilty because, missing child. Priorities.Adam nods, and Eames disappears into the crowds in the direction of the information desk. Mrs. Anderson and Alice's chaperone check in briefly with them to say they're going to retrace the exhibits they'd stopped at, to see if they can find her themselves."Where did you go first?" Mrs. Anderson asks as they leave."The Jaguars. And then the tamarins. She was definitely with Rachel when we were at the gorilla exhibit," Arthur hears her respond, still sounding shaky.Nina Gonzales's mother and someone else's mother arrive together with their kids, and, a few minutes later, the last chaperone comes back with her kids. Eames returns before there's too much aimless milling around or the kids break down into cranky hunger-tears--just in time for a little boy to go shaky-pale and collapse. Several other children scream as he goes down, one setting another off, and then it seems like half the combined classes start to cry.Unsurprisingly, Mr. Eames is good in a crisis. He gets everyone to stop screaming and has the boy up in his arms and to the nearby med station in a few quick moments, efficiently delegating crying duty to Arthur and Mrs. Gonzales, and general 'watch' duty to the other remaining chaperones. Arthur shouldn't find that as hot as he does--but he does, even as he's getting half a dozen hiccuping children to stop crying altogether.A little bit later, Eames is waving the entire group over to the med station, where the boy who'd passed out is lying down, but conscious. He's got a bandaid applied to one elbow, where he'd scraped himself falling.Once they get in range, one of the boy's friends attaches himself to Eames's leg and won't let go, but Eames just pats him on the head and tells him his friend will be fine. The boy nods gravely, still clinging to Eames while Eames explains the situation to the chaperones. "Just a little heat exhaustion. He just needs to cool off and to drink a lot of water. Why don't we start getting these kids fed before anything else happens, hmm?"It takes all five chaperones to get the kids settled into tables and benches in the nearby the zoo concession area. They're stressed and cranky now, and it's almost a relief when Arthur and Adam get to go drag the coolers of sandwiches and fruit in from the bus in the parking lot.By the time they've gone to get bottles of water and juice boxes for everyone, the tableau is considerably calmer. Mrs. Anderson and the worried chaperone are both back, Alice holding both their hands as she walks between them. She'd been at the lion exhibit the whole time, totally oblivious to the fact that she'd been left behind, utterly enraptured by one of the younger lionesses trying to dunk the older one in the pool in the enclosure.Arthur can't help but smile at Eames wearily when he finally comes back from the med station, paperwork filled out, parents notified and the boy much recovered, because Eames has earned a break. Eames shoots him a tired smile back, and sucks apple juice out of a tiny straw in a way that Arthur finds a lot more endearing than he's currently allowing himself to acknowledge, even to himself.By the time lunch is over, Embert is still trying to put bugs down other kids' shirts, but all the other trauma of the past hour seems to have been forgotten in favour of the opportunity to go see the elephants and tigers. Arthur doggedly prevents Phillipa from sticking something slimy down the back of Embert's shirt ("Because that's not ok for you to do either, Phillipa") and takes his group to see the wallabies. He's always wanted to see the wallabies.*Even a blessedly detached Arthur--an Arthur who doesn't flirt, who doesn't look at him like they're sharing a joke, who only occasionally smiles, guarded, because it's polite--runs Eames ragged. He misses the attention, and he hates that he misses the attention, and he's depressingly grateful that the time he'll actually be spending in Arthur's company will be minimal. He's only just getting to the point where he can think about Arthur without remembering the way his lips felt under his.The day is hectic, but thankfully all the crises contained themselves to lunchtime. Arthur is dependable, and the rest of the day goes well. The kids are all exhausted but happy on the way back to school, where they perk up just enough to chatter excitedly to friends in other grades as they climb into buses or into parents' ears as they get picked up.Mrs. Anderson takes the time to thank all the chaperones for volunteering all day, and Arthur and Phillipa only wave at Eames from a distance before climbing into their own care and heading home. Eames almost feels like they've reached a truce. All Eames has to do now is convince himself he's happy he's signed the terms.*Arthur keeps avoiding PTA meetings, but it's a tired, determined kind of avoidance now, all the anger gone out of him. He resigns himself to being hopelessly, half in love with Eames for a while and the very least Arthur can do is continue avoiding him until it passes.As a plan, it works pretty well--the avoidance, at least--despite the way that a tangled knot of anticipation and dread lodges itself in his gut whenever he has to go into the elementary school. The school year ends in a little less than a month, and that's all Arthur needs to get through. Less than a month, and he won't ever have to think about this again, about smart, sly, amusing Mr. Eames. Won't have to think about wanting Eames and getting shot down and continuing to want Eames anyway, and the awful possibility of bumping into him casually, or Phillipa coming home with stories about her school day innocently full of him.Arthur sees more of Ariadne and Roth as finals come upon them, both of them spending so much time grading frantically for undergraduate classes that Arthur isn't sure how they have time to write their own papers. Two nights out of three Ariadne just sleeps over, curled up under a blanket on the love seat in the study because she's tiny enough to fit, and every third night or so, Yusuf comes to collect her because, he jokes, "driving her home is practically the only time I get to see her until the end of term."Eventually they run out of papers to grade, and Ariadne disappears completely for four days straight, after which she shows up at their house briefly to ask Dom if he'll be her thesis adviser. She hands him a term paper as soon as he's agreed, telling him it's going to become her QP1, and then drives home to sleep forever.Arthur hits a lull at work. The days get longer, settle into that lazy stretch right before the mad dash at the end of the fiscal year in June and July. May's nearly over. Arthur starts to think that just maybe he'll make it. He hasn't had to try to breakfast treat his guilt away for weeks.Of course that's when Phillipa comes home so excited she can barely talk, because her school is going to have a 'family field day' the Friday before school lets out for the summer. It seems like an event that's half field-day, half carnival, with sack races and water balloon tosses, cake walks and face painting, and most exciting of all, a dunking booth. Phillipa tells them all about the field day six separate times between getting from home from school and being put to bed, even though it's a whole week away. "You and Daddy and James are going to come right? Right, Uncle Arthur?" Phillipa asks, snuggling into her pillow. Arthur nods. He doesn't even have to ask Dom about it. Obviously they're all going.*Phillipa races back to them the instant the parent volunteer gets her leg untied from Nina's. "Daddy, did you see? Were we fast? We were so fast!" She's bouncing around them all in an excited circle because Dom's holding James and doesn't have the arms to pick her up. She hasn't even had any of the cotton candy yet. The inevitable crash isn't going to be fun later, but right now her sheer, unmitigated glee is kind of contagious."So," Dom says, once Phillipa's calmed down a little, and they're watching the other half of her class start their own three-legged races. "Want to talk about Mr. Eames?""What about Mr. Eames?" Arthur asks dryly."He's kind of all you talk about," Dom says. Lying bastard. "Corporate takeover, my inability to do laundry properly, and Mr. Eames.""That is untrue. Except for the laundry. You're old enough to know better, really."Cobb actually rolls his eyes at him. This is becoming a distressing pattern in Arthur's personal life. No one at work rolls their eyes at Arthur. No one would dare. "Stop trying to change the subject. Sometimes you pretend you're complaining about how Mr. Eames doesn't stress the value of simple arithmetic skills for Phillipa's future enough, but I've known you since Mal," here Dom pauses to swallow thickly, but presses on, "was your TA in undergraduate phonology. You do it with that tone of voice that means you secretly want to pick out curtains with him. You haven't done that since, what's his face, that chemical engineer."No, they are absolutely not talking about Tadashi. "Eames can't be trusted to pick out curtains on his own."Dom arches an eyebrow at him, well, archly. Arthur's caught in the position where if he tries to say anything, he's protesting too much, but if he doesn't say anything Dom effectively wins.Dom's eyes dart to the side, breaking the moment. He smiles, "Hi, Mr. Eames. Enjoying field day? James, can you wave hi to Mr. Eames?" Eames waves at James the way adults who like children wave at toddlers, this expression of sheer delight on his face. James waves a pudgy hand obligingly back, and then stuffs it in his mouth to chew on it a little. Dom smiles down at James indulgently. Then Dom shoots Arthur a look, too fast to make out, and fucks off somewhere, taking both kids with him. Abandoning him with Eames. Lying traitor bastard."Mr. Eames," Arthur says."Arthur," Eames returns. There's a painfully awkward moment where no one says anything and Arthur wonders how quickly he can run away without looking like he's running away. Eames breaks it. "Your family seems to have left you rather purposefully. This is rather awkward, particularly as Mr. Cobb told me he'd like to speak with me while he was here today.""What would Dom want to talk to you about?" Arthur asks. He's got an idea. He doesn't much like it."Well," Eames says, careful, neutral, "I rather got the impression it was you." Arthur about sees red."Of course he did," Arthur manages. He keeps his face carefully blank; he's good at it. Eames looks away then, like he can't bear looking at him any more. Arthur's just barely angry enough with Dom that he can tell himself that it doesn't hurt, not even a little."Don't worry, Arthur," Eames says, and something's gone funny in his voice, twisted up in a way Arthur can't figure out. "I'll tell him nothing's happened. I'm not ok being part of your little games, or whatever it is the two of you are doing, but I'm not going to wreck anything for you either."Arthur stops, because that isn't where he'd expected Eames to go, even if he is trying to let Arthur down gently. It doesn't even make sense. "Wait, what?""Don't fuck around with me as you work out whatever your problems with Dom are. Leave me out of and I'll lie about Yusuf's party.""Why would Dom care about what happened at Yusuf's party?" Arthur's being slow, he knows he is, but it's like his brain is misfiring. His conclusions aren't adding up.Eames boggles at him, and a lot of things suddenly start falling into place for Arthur, in one of those blinding rushes, like a rock slide, the kind he gets just before the corporate plan he's working on comes together at last. The flirting and the pulling away. What would Phillipa think? and why that might possibly matter."Eames, I think we need to talk.""I don't really think we do," Eames says, turning away already, and that can't happen, not if Arthur's right this time."Eames, really," Arthur says, jogging up beside him as he picks up his pace. "I'm not, Dom's not- I mean, Mal--Dom's wife--died last year. It was really sudden. I just, Dom couldn't do it by himself, two little kids. I've known them both forever; I was the best man at their wedding. So I moved in."Eames stops moving so suddenly Arthur nearly trips over himself."What the fuck, Arthur?" Eames demands, but he doesn't wait around for an actual answer. He still sounds angry, but the only thing Arthur can read on his face is shock, so he lets him go."Well?" Dom asks, when he and the kids find Arthur again."We're idiots, and I think we're doomed," Arthur scowls. Dom seems genuinely sorry about forcing the issue, so he drops it and gets Phillipa to drag Arthur over to the face painting booth. The grandmother running the booth paints a red and blue rocket on Arthur's left cheek, and then Arthur lets Phillipa talk him into getting a white unicorn head on the back of his right hand.Then Phillipa asks if they can try dunking Mr. Cohen, the gym teacher, in the tank again and Dom lets James down so he can throw properly. James immediately starts making 'you hold me' motions at Arthur, so he scoops him up and cuddles him while James pats in fascination at his red and blue cheek. It does kind of cheer Arthur up.*Eames returns to his classroom after all the kids have finally gone home with their families. They've cleaned most of it up, but there will probably be debris in the school's field for most of summer break. Monday he'll start taking everything in the classroom down and packing it away. School administrations always like to wait till it's three days from the start of term and then declare that they're changing all the rooms around, like having fourth graders where the kindergarteners were the year before will magically make all the students learn better. Monday the school year will be officially over for the kids, and a bare two weeks after that it'll be over for the teachers as well. Eames goes to the front office and gets Arthur's phone number from the school secretaries. It rings four times, and then goes to voicemail. Eames barely hears the pre-recorded message, something like nerves clawing at his gut, his throat. He leaves Arthur a message and then turns his phone off so he can pretend that he isn't waiting just waiting for Arthur to phone him back.*"Come on, take the rest of the day off," Arthur says when he shows up at Eames's classroom door. Eames is halfway through unsticking F-J from the wall above the front blackboard."Excuse me?" Eames says as Arthur drifts into the room to stop a little ways from the chair Eames is standing on. It's one of the little student chairs, designed for little bodies, and it's bright yellow. "You didn't leave a number. To call you back, I mean, when you left the message on my office machine.""I didn't realize that was your work number," Eames says, still standing on the chair. Arthur's got his hands in his pockets, like he's casual, like Eames is a sure thing, and well, he is at this point, no maybe about it. The set of Arthur's shoulders is tense anyway though, line like the difference between hoping for something and thinking you'll get it, and that just won't do. "I've been waiting to get you into bed for months, and kicking myself for it for nearly as long," Arthur says, cocky, but there's something nervous in his smile as he looks up at Eames. "You've been waiting for months. Do you really want to wait some more?" Eames steps off the side of the chair directly into Arthur's space, bumping into him as he gets down because of course Arthur doesn't step back. Eames wouldn't have wanted him to. "No, I don't think that I do," he says, and goes to clock out."We're going to your place," Arthur tells him, buckling into the passenger seat of Eames's car."Oh, are we?" Eames says. His tone is light, but his grip is too tight on the steering wheel, trying to keep all the energy buzzing under his skin in, at least until they get out of the school parking lot."Yes. Summer vacation. Dom and the kids are at home, and I am not fucking you in a bed above a living room with a couple of small children running around in it."Eames smirks at him from across the console, and turns left. "Anyone ever tell you that you're bossy when you're horny?""I am bossy all the time," Arthur says, smirking back. His gaze sweeps down from Eames's face, then back up again. It catches somewhere around Eames's mouth, and Eames licks his lips, and reminds himself to watch the road. "Drive faster."Eames drives faster.*There's an awkward moment just inside Eames's front door when Arthur wonders if he should leave his shoes there and realizes he's never been to Eames's house before. He steps out of his shoes, clumsy, and when he looks up, he catches Eames giving him another of those unreadable looks, the ones Arthur never could quite figure out. He doesn't know what to do with them any more now, even though he's finally got a hint of what they'd meant. Arthur doubts Eames realizes he's still doing it, so he says, "Hey," and steps in close.Arthur kisses Eames, and it's like last time, hot and curling up somewhere in Arthur's throat, unfolding in Arthur's chest until there's no space for air left and he has to break away to gasp against the side of Eames's mouth. Eames twists his neck and catches Arthur's lips again, drowning him in it all, and that's not like last time at all. Arthur digs his fingers white into Eames's shoulders, feels him burning hot through the cloth. He needs something under his hands to ground him.Arthur tugs the bottom of Eames's ridiculous button down out of the waist of his pants and worms a hand down the back of Eames's jeans, just a little. Just the tips of his fingers dip below the cloth, but it's enough to feel some skin under his hand, and that's enough, just what he'd wanted. It's not enough for Eames, though, who pulls away and says, "Bedroom," and starts pulling Arthur through the house. In the doorway, Eames kisses him again, hot and impatient, and Arthur thinks he's going to burn up with it. He shoves Eames backwards till the backs of his knees hit the bed and starts working at his belt.Arthur steps out of his pants while Eames sits on the edge of the bed, working on his own buttons. Arthur pushes Eames down as soon as he pulls his shirt off, follows him up on the bed to straddle his hips; he doesn't even wait for Eames to get his pants off. Maybe in a moment he'll be frustrated at the denim, when he wants Eames's skin, but for right now, he doesn't care. He is getting Eames's skin, all the beautiful skin of Eames's chest and arms and back, and he's wanted to put his tongue on the dark whorls of ink on Eames's bicep since he'd first seen them at Ariadne's party.Eames has more ink curling across his chest, crawling down across his hip bones, so Arthur rests his palm on the one low on his stomach that reads till I die, and bends down over him. Arthur sets his teeth to the cursive running across Eames's collarbone and Eames sucks in a breath and arches up."Shit, Arthur, get your bloody shirt off," Eames says, suddenly frantic, pulling at the collar, the buttons Arthur hasn't bothered undoing yet. He gets it off both of Arthur's shoulders, off one arm completely, but it catches around his other wrist because that's the arm that's holding him up. Then Arthur gets his mouth on Eames's neck, latches on at the pulse point. Eames gives up on the shirt to tangle his fingers in Arthur's hair and yank him up for another kiss. The move unbalances Arthur, tumbling him down against Eames's chest. He shakes the shirt the rest of the way off, and pulls Eames closer, lets him lick his way into Arthur's mouth. Arthur rolls his hips down, rubs his dick against all the solid press of Eames below him; Eames pushes back up until they've got a rhythm going, fast and frantic. Eames hasn't even gotten his pants off yet.Eames runs a hand down over Arthur's ass, palm spread wide to push Arthur's hips down against his, to get more friction. Arthur grinds himself forward against Eames's stomach, his hips, his cock hard through the denim, and then grinds back against Eames's hand until Eames gets the picture and presses his fingers into the crease, just a little. Arthur presses back against that harder, more intent, and sucks on Eames's tongue. "Fuck," Eames says, breaking away from Arthur's mouth suddenly."What?" Arthur, demands, stretching to chase Eames's lips. He detours to the corner of his mouth, the underside of his jaw, so Eames can finish what he's saying."I haven't got any rubbers. I could suck you?" Eames offers, almost apologetic, and Arthur groans and shuts his eyes to enjoy that mental image. But. He wants Eames in him. So he says, "In my pants pocket. Just in case.""You dirty fuck," Eames says, planting a last kiss on Arthur's lips and then scrambling off the bed. He fumbles through Arthur's pockets, digging for the condoms. Arthur pulls off his underwear while Eames is at it, and by the time Eames turns around, triumphant with condoms and lube, Arthur has settled himself in the center of the bed, pulling lazily at his cock. Arthur loves the way Eames's eyes catch there, the way he licks his lips and stares at the red tip as Arthur spreads precome everywhere. Eames tosses the condoms up on the bed. Arthur says, "Take your pants off,' and Eames does. He doesn't take it fast and clumsy like Arthur might have thought after the way he'd pawed up one pants leg to get at Arthur's pockets just a moment ago. He's slow and deliberate about it, and Arthur holds his breath to hear the rasp of the zipper coming down. Eames crawls out of his jeans and crawls up onto the bed until he's hovering above Arthur, and Arthur catches the back of his neck and pulls him down into a kiss, too greedy for him after months of dancing around each other like idiots to waste the opportunity. Arthur hooks a leg behind Eames's thighs, and pulls him down between his legs. "Hurry up," Arthur says, grinding back against Eames, and Eames uncaps the lube with a snap.Arthur hisses at the sudden cool of Eames's fingers against him, but he pushes back into it anyway, because he's crazy with waiting and he can't get Eames in him fast enough. He rocks his hips back, until Eames is knuckle-deep, until he's sliding in easily, and he sinks his teeth into the muscle of Eames's shoulder when Eames gives him another.He bears down on Eames's fingers until Eames is gasping with it and Arthur is grinding back onto them more than he's grinding his cock up against Eames's stomach, trying to get him in just that little bit deeper. Eames brushes a kiss against the side of Arthur's face, near the hairline, and Arthur's had enough. He pushes Eames off him, ignoring Eames's confused protests, and snatches up the condoms lying forgotten by their knees. He tears open the foil, and then he's got Eames by the dick, rolling the condom down. Eames pushes in, just a little too rushed to be steady. Arthur wants to feel him, pressed down against him, pressing him to the bed, but Eames sits back on his haunches and pulls Arthur down onto him instead, hand curled around one hip. Arthur wants Eames pressing him into the bed, but he wants Eames like this too, watching the way he takes him in. The way Eames stares, rapt, as he disappears into him. There's something on Eames's face that Arthur can't put a name to, something in the focus in Eames's eyes, that has Arthur clenching down around him, trying to pull him in faster."Jesus Christ," Eames swears, and Arthur moans, feeling Eames fill him up, and scrabbles at his shoulders, fingers slipping in the sweat, as he pulls him down. "Yes," Arthur babbles, and, "Come on," and Eames speeds up, fucking into him. Arthur wraps his legs around Eames's hips, opening up for him, rolling back to meet him, and Eames takes everything Arthur has to offer. Arthur tangles his fingers in the hair at the back of Eames's neck, sucking bruises into Eames's jawline. Eames gasps, and fucks into Arthur harder, desperate with it, until he's coming, in Arthur as far as he can go.Eames freezes in place, everything tense, and Arthur squeezes his eyes shut and groans, "Fuck," wraps a hand around his cock. His pulls, fist tight, until he's coming in ragged strips over his fingers, onto his stomach and up his chest, and he groans again: "Fuck, fuck, fuck," until he's spent.*Later, cleaned up but still naked, Arthur wraps himself around Eames in the bathroom, pressing up behind him and tucking his head over Eames's shoulder to meet his eyes in the mirror. One of Eames's hands comes down to settle over where Arthur's hands lock around his stomach, right above the edge of the counter, but the other stays up by his face. "This is going to show tomorrow," Eames says accusingly, pointing at what are pretty clearly teeth marks just under his jaw."Good thing school's out for the summer," Arthur says, and gives Eames another matching mark, on the other side. "Wouldn't want you to be a bad role model." *epilogue:
The summer before Phillipa enters the third grade, Arthur comes home from work one day to find the dining room table covered in blueprints. Eames is coming over to join them for dinner in an hour and Arthur can hear the TV on in the next room where James and Phillipa are watching Cartoon Network. Life feels pretty perfect."What's all this?" Arthur asks, leaning his briefcase up against the dining room wall."We need the room," Dom responds."James isn't going to need his own room for another couple of years, and then we can just re-convert the study back into a bedroom," Arthur tells him. Underneath one corner of grid paper, Arthur finds a stack of unsigned contracts and cost estimates."Yeah, we could, but you're not going to move out--trying to turn my children against me from a distance would be too inefficient--which means Eames is moving in.""Who says anyone is moving anywhere?" Arthur counters, but Dom just looks skeptical and eventually Arthur gives it up. He had been worry about the space, in a kind of idle way. It wasn't a problem quite yet, but it would be nice to have a bedroom with space for more than the twin bed in the guest room he'd appropriated.It takes another year for the work to be finished, and the last month and a half of that has Eames set up in the study on a fold-out futon they'd picked up in Japantown because his lease was up and it seemed really, really stupid to look for a short term place while they were waiting for them to finish laying tile in the bathroom. Arthur spends half his time sleeping on the study floor, and the other half smashed sideways against the wall in his bedroom because twin beds weren't designed to hold two grown men.The first night after Eames officially-unofficially moves in, Arthur wakes up to a tiny, squirming body dropping straight onto his diaphram. James. Arthur is James's undeniable favourite, a fact over which Arthur feels absolutely no shame gloating. James wriggles off Arthur's chest and burrows his way into the blankets between him and Eames. But, when they'd gone to bed-Arthur opens his eyes and finds Phillipa staring him straight in the face. She's kneeling on the floor by the fold out futon and she's got her patient face on, like she'd be doing her nearly-eight-year-old best to be quiet and wait until they woke up.Seeing Arthur's eyes open, Phillipa asks, "Uncle Arthur, why are you and Mr. Eames both sleeping on the floor? Are you having a sleep over?"Arthur spares a second to be really, really grateful they'd both crawled into boxers and T-shirts in between having very quiet sex, and falling asleep. Then,"Phillipa, how did you and James get in here?" Arthur asks, lifting up the edge of the comforter so she can climb in as well. She'd been eyeing James in the middle with one of those decidedly jealous faces. She snuggles up to Arthur, head pillowed on his shoulder, but then immediately rolls over onto her stomach."I picked the lock with a butter knife," she says, beaming at Arthur. "So are you and Mr. Eames having a sleepover?" she repeats, not to be deterred."Sometimes, when grown ups love each other a lot, they sleep on the floor together," Eames says then, before Arthur even realized he was awake. His voice is all rumbly with sleep and suddenly Arthur very much wishes they were alone. Phillipa clambers across the covers to snuggle up against Eames's other side, kneeing Arthur in the gut in the process."Are you having a party in here?" Dom says from the doorway then, and Arthur gives up entirely on morning sex."Daddy!" James cries from the middle of the bed, raising his arms up in the air to be picked up. Dom comes into the room and hefts him obligingly into his arms. He tosses him up into the air, once, twice, and then James is squealing delightedly, and Arthur gives up on the possibility of going back to sleep in ten minutes too. Phillipa decides everything is too exciting to be lying around, even if she is getting all of Eames's sleepy cuddles, and wriggles her way out from under the blanket. James squirms to be put down, and they go tearing off to somewhere else in the house. Something crashes, and Dom says "uh-oh" and chases after them.Alone again, Arthur rolls up onto his side, so he's facing Eames across the pillow. "Morning." Arthur smiles, fond and happy."Morning," Eames rumbles back at him."You know this means we can never ever have sex in here again, right? If Phillipa can unlock the door from the outside with a butter knife."Eames just drags Arthur close enough to kiss, morning breath and all, and then rolls over and goes back to sleep.*Phillipa is absolutely delighted when Eames lets her help them move rooms, carrying books one or two at a time from Eames's boxes in the garage to stack on his old bookshelves, rescued from storage and finally put up in the addition. James gets into everything, endlessly curious about this process of carrying things from Arthur's room or the garage or the living room--everywhere Eames had crammed his things temporarily--so all moving of heavy or bulky objects has to be done with extra care to a four-year-old getting underfoot.Ariadne skips out on helping entirely by being conveniently out of town when the construction finally gets done. No one comes right out and says anything, but they all suspect that she secretly extends her visit home a few times to get out of coming home straight into helping her thesis advisor's co-parents change rooms. Yusuf isn't so lucky, and complains about Eames calling in his 'oldest friend' card two times in six months."There are not enough beers in the world," Yusuf says darkly, holding up one end of the world's heaviest dresser.Eames grunts, and shifts his grip, and only says, "James, why don't you go find Arthur and see if he needs any help," to prevent him from becoming a James-shaped smudge in the hallway when they crush him with furniture."Ok!" James calls, and runs on little toddler legs back in the direction of the new bedrooms. Eames has never been so grateful Arthur is James's favourite, because it means he can put the bloody dresser down sooner.*Moving from one part of the house to the addition takes about three weeks all told, just because there's no real reason to rush. It's mid-summer by the time everything's done, and by the time Arthur crawls into bed with Eames and realizes there's nothing left to do, and promptly decides he's never getting out of bed again. It's a lie, since he plans on going to work in the morning, but he doesn't care. He doesn't even have the energy to push Eames off when he rolls over on top of him and threatens to never move again.When he does drag himself out of bed in the morning, Dom's already got the kids both up and eating breakfast."What's going on?" Arthur asks, because usually everyone but Arthur gets to sleep in during the summer."We taking a trip to visit Grandma and Grandpa," Dom says, refilling Phillipa's glass of milk."Miles and Marie are in France," Arthur says kind of stupidly, just because he's so confused. There's no way Dom would have gotten plane tickets properly on his own, or at least, not without Arthur hearing something about them first."Not those grandparents. They're coming here for Christmas. My parents, in Nebraska. We're driving," Dom says before Arthur can say anything about flight times. "No childhood is complete without traumatic drives cross-country tormenting your siblings in the backseat.""But," Arthur says, as Phillipa dutifully moves her plate and her glass to the kitchen counter. James tries too, but Dom makes him climb back up into his chair and take three more bites of his peanut butter toast first."Besides, I thought you and Eames might want to enjoy having your very own bedroom by yourselves for a week.""Oh," is all Arthur can respond to that, because the idea, now that it's been put into his head, sounds very appealing indeed.Dom calls when they get there to let Arthur and Eames know they've arrived safely, and then it's basically radio silence after that until Saturday, the night before they're starting back. "So, I think we'll leave a little after lunch tomorrow and see how far we can get before stopping for dinner and a hotel. Then we'll take the rest of the drive on Monday. We might get in pretty late, so don't start worrying unless you don't hear from us by Wednesday morning," Dom says."Sounds good. How was the visit?""Good! Mom threatened to kidnap them both and keep them forever. She got the biggest kick out of James's family drawings, though, now that he's got all three of us in them. She'd have him explain them to all her friends in town, and cackle to herself at their politely confused expressions. 'This is Daddy, an' this is Uncle Arthur, an' this is Uncle Mr. Eames. He taught Phillipa kindergarten but now he lives with us so Uncle Arthur and Uncle Mr. Eames can have sleepovers on the floor an' we just got new rooms in the house an' Phillipa an' me got to help move stuff! Big heavy stuff like Uncle Arthur's books cause I'm a big kid now.' Mom was just delighted by the whole thing."Dad fixed up my old bike and taught Phillipa to ride it. I thought there were going to be tears when I told her she had to leave it at Grandpa's house. Oh, hey, it's dinner time. I've got to go," Dom says."Ok. Drive safely tomorrow," Arthur says and hangs up the phone."Well?" asks Eames."They plan to be home Monday night, barring road trip-induced sibling-cide.""That's not a word, love. You know that, right?" Eames says.Arthur swats him. "Shut up. You miss them too. Now take your shirt off. We're making the most of the rest of our alone time."



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



