



The Dalish Arrow - AngstOfDestiny - Dragon Age Origins
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Dalish Arrow
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/3482480.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Dragon Age: Origins, Dragon Age (Video Games), Dragon Age - All Media Types
Relationship:
Zevran Arainai/Male Mahariel, Zevran Arainai/Male Warden
Character:
Zevran Arainai, Male Mahariel, Alistair (Dragon Age), Morrigan (Dragon Age), Leliana (Dragon Age), Sten (Dragon Age)
Additional Tags:
Slow Build, Hurt/Comfort, Romance, Other Additional Tags to Be Added, Not Suitable/Safe For Work, Canon-Typical Violence, Angst and Fluff and Smut, Explicit Sexual Content, Fantastic Racism, Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Internalized Homophobia, Homophobia, Character Death, Depression, Suicidal characters
Series:
Part 1 of
Of Arrows and Daggers
Stats:

        Published: 2015-03-04
          Completed: 2018-12-04
          Chapters: 22/22
        Words: 121308
      

The Dalish Arrow
by AngstOfDestiny
Summary
Tavaris Mahariel Sabrae wasn’t supposed to be anything special – another notch on Zevran’s belt, or if he was lucky, the person who’d put him out of his misery. 
When he turned out to be neither, he was supposed to be a shield, used and discarded once the threat passed. 
He wasn’t supposed to become home. His soul’s journey and its end.
Or a complete disaster he was.
Notes
So, this story has been in works for years. And it probably wouldn't happen, or would look much different than it does, if not for some people.So, in the first place I must mention Merrik, who has been pestering me about this story ever since I started to write it around 2014. Then Pitkat and Dragon179 who both used to beta this story at some point and whose imput helped to shape both the narrative as well as my understanding of English language. And last, but not least, Pants who (maybe accidentaly) pushed me to dig through this story once again. Thanks, Pants (you're an amazing friend and a wonderful human bean, btw)! 
For those of you who already know the Dalish Arrow and might want to refresh it, now that we're back on - here's how it'll work. I'm editing the existing chapters now. Some take faster, some take slower - I won't say how many I have done already, because it's almost 100% sure that I'm going to split some of them or, on the contrary, stick some parts that were scattered along few chapters together. The edits are varied: at some points I just fix grammar, at some I rewrite chunks of text, and there are places where I add whole scenes. I'll try to remember to inform in ANs how much was changed as I upload... But I'm scatterbrained and I might forget about it. I'm sorry. 
 
 The updates are going to be more or less daily - or if I don't manage, every second day - up until the point where we'll get to the whole new content. Then... Well, then I'll let you know. 
 
Also, I beg you (I'll try to not repeat myself, until I get really desperate): give me some feedback as I update. I saved all of your wonderful comments (I have a folder on my drive now dedicated only to them) but if I don't get any input, even as simple as, Idk, an emote in comments, I feel like I'm shouting in the void. And that's really disheartening (it happens in my other fandom, and I won't pretend that it hadn't brought me to tears once or twice). So please. As long as you are interested, give me a sign. Anything. A smiling emoji. A heart. A '+'. Just to let me know that you're still here. (More elaborate comments are, of course, even more awesome :D). If you want to talk to me on tumblr or anything - do it, too. I'll be more than ecstatic :) 
Alright. Enough of my babbling.Let's get this party started, shall we? ####
Disclaimer: I don't own characters, blah blah blah... And I'm not a native English speaker, so I'll be grateful for informing me about any errors, misspellings and sentences that make no sense. Thanks!

          See the end of the work for more notes





Mud
Chapter Notes
18th May 2017: So, here's the first of the updated chapters. Probably with the least amount of changes.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The mud had a foul taste. His head throbbed like it was about to explode. Yet both sensations were not something one expected in the throes of death. Perhaps that meant he was not dead at all. The man heaved himself onto his elbows gingerly.
His eyes fell on a pair of leather boots, situated just mere centimetres from his nose. Looking up, a surprisingly pleasant view met him. A pair of wiry thighs emerged from under a leather skirt, and then the rest of his former mark stared down at him with an inscrutable expression. Zevran’s stomach clenched.
Suicidal attempt aside, when faced with the actual risk of dying, Zevran’s survival instincts were too strong to simply give up and let himself be killed. He was absolutely positive he was going to regret his survival very soon, however. If the Warden chose not to kill him himself  and that was, horrifyingly, the best scenario he could think of at the moment the Crows would surely find him. And he was unwilling to even think of the ways in which he would be made an example.
“I…oh…” He squinted, hoping to lessen the pain. “I’d rather thought I’d wake up dead. Or not wake up at all, as the case may be. But I see you have yet to kill me.”
“I have some questions,” replied the young Dalish man, his huge, grey eyes peering down at Zevran above an aquiline nose. Arainai had not noticed before how tiny the Warden truly was, even for an elf. During their battle, his opponent had emitted this aura of strength akin to the most formidable fighters. Now that he had the opportunity, he noted the man was probably half a head lower than the Antivan himself, and so slim that it was a wonder that he was not crushed by the weight of his own equipment. Still, he stood poised and calm, somehow appearing much more dangerous than any strapping fighter the Crow had come across in his past.
“Oh, so I am to be interrogated! Let me save you some time, then,” the captive exclaimed, holding up a hand warily. There was nothing to gain here by keeping secrets, after all. “My name is Zevran Arainai, Zev to my friends. I am a member of the Antivan Crows, brought here for the sole purpose of slaying any surviving members of the Grey Wardens. A task, which I have failed at, sadly.”
“I’m rather glad you did,” observed the Warden.
“I’d be glad too, were I in your shoes,” Zevran chuckled, “For me, however, it sets up a rather poor precedent. Getting captured by a target seems a tad bit detrimental to one’s budding assassin career, you see.”
The Dalish man’s expression remained blank and Zevran internally cursed. The face of the elf – Tavaris Mahariel, if Zevran remembered correctly – wasn’t telling him much. In contrast, the second Warden, with his look filled with disdain, was as easy to read as an open book. No help there, that was for sure.
“Why are you telling me this?” The Dalish man finally asked. The assassin raised his brows, still hoping for a small opening, something that could tell him how to play the elf. Obviously, the young man was making all of the decisions. Even lying in the mud, Zevran was amused by the notion of an elf ordering humans.
“Why shouldn’t I?” He asked flippantly, “I wasn’t paid for my silence – not that I offered it for sale, precisely.” 
Big, grey eyes widened then, and the Dalish Warden asked, “Aren’t you at least loyal to your employer?”
The Antivan finally understood. The Dalish man was not so much guarded; rather he was trying to decipher some completely alien language, reacting only when he finally caught the meaning.
“Loyalty is an interesting concept,” Zevran returned with a charismatic smile. The Warden did not strike Zevran as an unintelligent man. Instead, he wondered if the elf left his clan only recently, so sheltered from the outside world, “If you wish, and you’re done with interrogating me, we could discuss it further.”
“I’m listening,” the standing elf conceded. The assassin watched him for a moment longer, before he made his decision. Under the somber exterior of the Warden he sensed a tenderness that might be his saving grace.
The assassin took a long breath and sigh, “Well, as I have failed in my task of killing you, my life is forfeit. The Crows will kill me now – that’s how it works.  And the thing is, I like living and you, on the other hand, are obviously the sort to give the Crows the pause. So let me serve you, instead.”
There was a flicker in Mahariel’s eyes, before he queried,“Is this the kind of loyalty I might expect, if I agreed?”
“I happen to be a very loyal fellow!” Arainai assured quickly, grasping desperately at the given strand of hope, “Up to the point when someone expects me to die for failing… That’s not a fault, really, is it? I mean, unless you are the sort, who would do the same thing, in which case I don’t come highly recommended, I suppose.”
Was it shock, that odd thing that flashed on another elf’s face? The Crow could not really tell. But the next question was actually sensible. And promising.
“And why would I want your services?”
“Oh, I am skilled at many things,” Zevran offered, “Weapons, stealth, lockpicking. I could warn you if the Crows attempted anything again. I also know a great many jokes, twelve massage techniques, six different card games. I’d do wonderfully at parties, no?” His expression turned lurid then, as he could not help himself from adding, “and should you ever have need for any other kind of more… sophisticated services? You’d find no one more discreet and subtle than I.” He pursed his lips in mock thought, “And if not, I could simply mend your armour, if that’s what you desire.”
He’d gladly go into further details of these “sophisticated services” if the Warden asked, but he decided that it would be better not to push his luck. Fereldans were quite prude about sex, he discovered, and the assassin was unsure where the Dalish stood on the subject.
He could not help the disappointment when the elf only asked what he would want in return. No curiosity. Really? Still, two women beyond Warden were gorgeous enough to keep him occupied for a while. Or one, as the brunette mage, while absolutely stunning, sent a glare that instantly cooled his libido.
“Oh, being allowed to live would be nice, I guess. And it would make me slightly more useful to you too. Of course, when you have no further use of me, I’d like to go my way too, yes?”
After a moment, the Dalish man reached for the assassin’s hand and helped him onto his feet. The pull of his arm was surprisingly strong, considering the elf’s build, but observing the bow secured over his shoulder, which was almost as long as the archer himself, Zevran reminded himself not to be so shocked. A great strength was required to draw something like that; something the Antivan was uncertain he could even do.
“What?” The other Warden interjected, appalled, “are we taking the assassin with us now? Does it really seem like a good idea?”
“We could use him, Alistair,” the elf deadpanned.  Zevran saw now that the Warden was quite young. Shockingly so. The assassin thought himself rather blooming, given his thirty-two years. Yet Mahariel was at least ten years younger, barely out of the childhood. He was no expert on the Dalish culture and customs, but something awful must have happened if Mahariel’s Keeper had chosen to let him leave the clan so early.
Still holding the young man’s hand, Arainai bowed his head and fisted his free hand to his heart, “I hereby pledge my loyalty to you, until such a time as you choose to release me from it. I am your man, without reservation. This I swear.”
“Great! “Alistair growled, “Should we need a sign to show we are so desperate, it just came by and kicked us in the face.”
The archer glanced back toward Zevran in mild consternation, “Even if he wouldn’t be useful, I wouldn’t let a man to be killed just because he failed to kill me.”
The mage chose to speak, an amused tone echoing within her words, “I was going to say that it is a fine plan to keep the assassin, Tavaris, but were we not just in battle?”
The young man blushed slightly, causing Zevran to grin wickedly despite his better judgement. Despite his bashfulness, Tavaris replied rather coolly, “Morrigan, it’s one thing to die while fighting, another to be killed because of it.”
Morrigan hummed in resignation, “Do what you wish, but I’d watch my food carefully from now on, were I you.”
“That is excellent advice for anyone!” Zevran added, realizing only now that he was still holding the Warden’s hand. He let it drop hastily, slightly confused.
“Well, it’s a good thing to have an Antivan Crow fighting with us,” The second woman nodded. She was much plainer than Morrigan, but still pretty easy on the eyes. Zevran turned to her with a grin, that was, in his opinion, rather charming.
“Oh, so there’s another companion-to-be! I didn’t know that such a loveliness existed between adventures!”
She furrowed her brow.
“Or perhaps not.”
 



Chapter End Notes
Timeline here is slightly changed: Loghain sends assassins as soon as he learns (thanks to his men in Lothering) that there are still two Wardens alive. Wardens go straight to Redcliffe and then to Denerim - and they're  on their way from Redcliffe to the capital when they walk into the Zevran's ambush. So there's a really long road before them.


An elf and the city
Chapter Notes
18th May 2017: Second of the updated chapters; you might want to check the AN at the beginning of the first if you haven't. I'm speaking there about editing process, updating, stuff like that.Here we have an added scene at the beginning and some minor changes in the body of the chapter. (I noticed that the later the chapter, the more stuff I change there...)



The next few days were terribly uncomfortable.  Apparently, there was an end to Mahariel’s trust — or naivety. Or maybe it was just Alistair’s incessant whining, but the end result was dissatisfying either way. The Warden hadn’t agreed to go back to his camp to gather Zevran’s belongings, or for the assassin to go on his own, so all Zevran had were his weapons, clothes on his back and a few trinkets he kept on his person anyway.Even though Mahariel tried to make it up by getting some of the equipment from a dwarf merchant who tagged along with the Wardens’ group, it wasn’t enough — Bohdan simply didn’t have everything they needed at hand.  So, while he was given his own bedroll, along with a few furs gifted to him by the elven Warden, he still didn’t have a tent or change of clothes and during the day he was forced to travel on a pack mule, which was a stubborn, ornery bastard which seemed to be offended by the very fact that it had to carry an elf among the other luggage.That made for miserable journey and Zevran fought off the gloom that threatened to take over him in the only way known to him; by making advances and inappropriate jokes.As his target he picked Leliana, who was reasonably pretty, much less hostile than others and had a fabulous hair colour which seemed quite exotic to him. There weren’t many redheads in Antiva.The first day went smoothly enough for him to get some hopes up. The second, Leliana resorted to throwing things. The fourth, Mahariel took him to a side with a stern expression, stiffly telling him to stop harass the girl. The fifth, he earned a solid shiner from Alistair who decided to defend Leliana’s honour — much to her chagrin, as it seemed. The sixth, Zevran gave up, finding his solace in the fact they were approaching Denerim instead.He hoped for an opportunity to restock, a clean bed, and maybe a nice visit to the Pearl to get rid of the tension that wrecked his whole body. For a moment Mahariel seemed amiable to his request and Zevran could almost taste the sweetness wine and release he’d find in the whorehouse — but Morrigan — of all the possible people — took him for a talk that lasted uncomfortably long, and when they returned, the elf sourly announced that Zevran was going to join him and Alistair in the city, while Leliana was to be responsible for getting supplies they needed.Also, they were supposed to camp outside the city which made Zevran groan loudly. Unfortunately, the reasoning he was presented with, made too much sense — since both of the Wardens were wanted men and Morrigan was an apostate to boot, they wanted to avoid people as much as it was possible. That included staying out of the cities as much as possible. As they entered Denerim through the Trade Gate, Zevran noted the most peculiar thing.  Mahariel, who was either eerily calm or frowning the whole time the assassin knew him, blanched. It appeared to take all of his will to keep his back straight and expression from dissolving into sheer panic. Giant, grey eyes scanned their surroundings nervously, and the young man — no, the boy — looked as though he might jump at the slightest unexpected sound. Zevran was quite impressed when, despite all the skittishness, Mahariel did not jump. In fact, he kept himself still enough not attract any attention from Alistair who was babbling excitedly about meeting some long lost relative. The dog noticed, though, and was nuzzling the young elf’s hand with his snout, probably covering it in drool in the process. But the assassin was far more perceptive than the blond Warden, and saw plainly that underneath the relatively calm façade, his ex-mark was terribly frightened. The boy’s free hand was clutching hilt of his dirk and he seemed to be as ready to draw it as to bolt. “Ah, the market!” Exclaimed the Antivan, hoping to distract the Dalish a little. It would do no good for Tavaris to act like the servant who stole his master’s weapons. When you were an elf among the humans you had to act like you belonged or you invited all sorts of troubles — Zevran learnt that little tidbit of information years ago. So he careened back to his companion and continued with an exaggerated joviality, “Pickpocket’s home way away from home!” The Warden twitched and looked at him briefly. “You’re familiar with this kind of places, then?” He asked, tone serious as though he might inquire about a long lost tomb or exotic jungle. “Familiar?” Zevran chuckled. “Dear Warden, this place is nothing compared to the Great Market of the glorious Antiva City. That’s a place you could really get lost in. Like in a labyrinth of the old kings! And I knew every passage.” He winked then, smiling at the younger elf, “These few stalls are barely worthy of the name.” “Really?” Tavaris replied as he peered around many the booths swashed in the roadway. “Really,” The assassin clucked, amused by this boy lost in the big city. He had made one mistake, he realized, when he  had planned assassination of this Warden. If he prepared the ambush in a town, Mahariel probably would be too confused to protect himself effectively. But as for now, he’d rather prefer the Warden to stay in one, combat-ready, piece and his skittishness was absolutely counterproductive to this goal. So he just smiled charmingly, trying to calm the nervous boy down. “Stay close to me, dear Warden, and no harm will come to you in this place,” he said. And although the words were spoken half in jest, he was truly surprised when Mahariel indeed shuffled close to him, like a child in search of protection. “I’ve never seen so many shemlen in one place,” the boy whispered, and Zevran sighed inwardly. Not only was the Dalish overwhelmed, but was shockingly gullible as well. The Antivan meant him no harm – losing the Warden would cause him a world of problems right now – but Mahariel could not know that for sure. Still, he responded to him like a trusted friend, not a person who tried to kill him mere days ago. Worse yet, this faith was probably for no better reason than for the shared shape of their ears.That was disastrous when considering that this kid was his sole guard against the Crows. Zevran felt the urge to cry, laugh, curse his poor luck, and, oddly enough, hug the source of his problem.  There was something about these big, scared eyes that made him wish he could just hold him and promise that everything would be alright.He did none of these things, however, as the mere urge was something rather alien for him, something he didn’t want to dwell upon. Instead he put his most charming smile on, and he said, “don’t worry about them. After we finish our business here, I can take you to the Pearl – I’ve heard many good things about this whorehouse – and there you might see, that humans aren’t much different than us.”The Warden blushed. The deepest shade of red that Zevran ever saw ripped across one cheek and then the other. Oh, that was going to be fun, he thought. Mahariel swallowed and opened his mouth to reply when there was shout to their left.“Hey, you! Dalish!” Mahariel turned.“I recognize you! From Ostagar!” It was a middle-aged knight with a blond beard and sharp eyes. Eyes that now bore in elf’s face full of suspicion. He groused, “You’re a Grey Warden – Duncan’s apprentice. You killed my friend, and the good king Cailan too. I demand satisfaction, ser! An uncommon traitor deserves no common death.”To Zevran’s surprise, Tavaris regained his composure in a blink of an eye. Once again he was this young, solemn man who spared his life on the road, despite the telltale reddening of the tips of his ears that betrayed he still thought about their exchange.The knight continued to rant, “We will meet on the field of honor, and my blade will see the justice done. Meet me in the back alley behind the Gnawed Noble Tavern. There we will duel.” The elf listened with an expression of polite interest, and then looked nobleman in the eye. “Loghain’s charges against the Wardens are false,” he countered calmly, but so quietly that the knight had to bow to him a little to hear what was said. Zevran had to admit that he really liked the subtle additional touch. The knight would be livid if he realized what he was doing, but the assassin was sure that the passersby noticed the richly dressed human bent toward the lowly elf in a ridiculous imitation of respect. “So you would add slander to your treason?” The knight balked in outrage, “You dare smear Teyrn Loghain’s word?!” Mahariel shrugged. “Use your wit. The Wardens would never help the Darkspawn.” The good knight still had not noticed that he was virtually bowing to an elven vagrant. “And you want me take the word of someone like you?” He almost spat, “The honor demands—” The young elf sighed, not bothering to hide his annoyance anymore. “Your honor, not mine, shem,” he said and turned his back to the flabbergasted noble, ignoring him for his comrade and speaking in a hushed tone, “Do you know which way we should go, Alistair? This city is getting on my nerves.”Zevran smiled to himself. Oh, that’s more like it. As the second Warden was explaining difficulties with finding the address, Mahariel rolled his eyes.“Zevran, please, can you make any sense of this?” he glanced toward the assassin with hope sheening in his pupils, “I can’t find my own head in this place, and I believe I angered this warrior—” He asked suddenly, with worried expression. “Would it cause a problem? I didn’t want to kill anyone here, we are in enough trouble as it is.”“He’ll probably tell his friends that you’re a coward,” Zevran shrugged. “Given that they already believe that all elves are cowards by the virtue of the race, I don’t think that it would do any harm. I would just advise clearing the area before he decides it would be prudent to alert the guard. As for finding the house… Well, I’m a stranger to this city as well, but have you considered asking someone about directions? That girl seems nice enough.” He pointed toward a maid carrying a basket of fruit. The basket didn’t look very heavy, so there was good chance that she wouldn’t be annoyed by a good looking lad asking a few questions.“Alistair, go. I guess it better if another shem is inquiring,” Mahariel weaved his hand airily, and the senior Warden complied, grumbling quietly on his way. In the meantime, Zevran observed the younger elf. It was impressive to see how, during this brief encounter, the Dalish man gathered his wits and took control of the situation. There was still a shadow of a bewildered look in his eyes, sure sign that Mahariel still felt uncomfortable, but he was in his right mind now, aware of his surroundings and conscious of his behaviour. “Have anyone told you, you look impossibly sexy when talking down big, angry humans, dear Warden?” The Antivan gave him a lopsided smile. It was absolutely true. The slender elf had a body to kill for and the forceful calmness he was able to emanate, when he put his mind to it, made Zevran’s skin prickle.“Excuse me?” He asked as those pretty, grey eyes grew impossibly wider.The Crow laughed.“You look sexy when you are like that,” he repeated, still smiling. “There’s a certain allure in this kind of power and I admit, I’m very partial to it. Or is that a bad thing to say?” He added as an afterthought. “I didn’t wish to offend or make you uncomfortable! I simply desire to appreciate a handsome man being, well, handsome.” He looked at Mahariel, a picture of feigned innocence. Said handsome man was silent for a while, processing what Zevran had said. Finally, uncertainly, as if he wasn’t sure how should he take this declaration, he answered, “Well, thank you, I guess?”That was a tad disappointing. It seemed that Zevran’s meaning flew over these pretty ears, lost to the uncomprehending audience. He should work on it, he decided. The young Warden had a blush that was in equal parts charming and amusing. Before he could make another attempt at flustering the young man, though, Alistair returned, his expression triumphant. “I know, I know!” He exclaimed, grinning like a madman. “Goldanna lives on the next street!” “And brother Genitivi?” asked Mahariel quietly. Alistair’s face fell instantly and he looked at the other Warden like a kicked puppy. “I… I forgot to ask,” he admitted. The elven hunter sighed, “Well, that’s a pity. Let’s go for now, and we’ll ask for way again later.” They reached their destination quickly, and after a bit of dawdling, due to Alistair’s sudden cold feet, both Wardens disappeared in the shabby house. The assassin used this time to get precise directions to the scholar’s house, and felt quite pleased with himself by the time the pair returned. Alistair appeared crestfallen, Zevran hearing only the tail end of the discussion. “At the end, everyone will be for themselves, I think,” Mahariel was speaking, smiling sadly. “I can’t even imagine, how it feels to be so rejected by your own family, but even with a little misfortune, I lost mine. I never, in my worst nightmares, imagined it could happen, but now I realize that could hit any time, for whatever reason. You are the only person you can always count on. The rest? Fleeting.” “You’re probably right,” Allistair muttered, studying his boots, “I never thought I could have a normal family, and it seems I was right. So, nothing new here.” Tavaris placed his slim hand briefly on his companion’s shoulder.“For what it’s worth, I’ll try my best to be there for you, as long as it’s possible.” Alistair nodded heavily and the elven Warden turned to Zevran. “We need to find—” “Don’t bother, my dear Warden,” interrupted the Antivan, “I already know, where we should go.” The business at the Genitivi’s house was short and grisly. The man, who welcomed them claimed to be researcher’s assistant and tried to send them away without any meaningful information. Tavaris would let him, but something in the man’s posture made Zevran suspicious. It takes a liar to know a liar, and after some prying, it turned out that the assassin was right. Whoever it might have been, the man, now a corpse on the floor, surely was not Genitivi’s friend. Another grim discovery in the back room revealed the fate of the real assistant, yet there was no sign of the scholar himself. Tavaris looked around the room filled with books up to the ceiling and closed his eyes with a tried expression. “Alistair, please, go to the camp and fetch the rest.  Leliana should be back already anyway and we have to read through all these,” he waved a hand around, “and find some clues about brother’s whereabouts. We could use some help.” “Are you insane?” Alistair turned to his sworn brother with a horrified expression, “You want me to leave you alone with the assassin who was hired to kill you?”“Kill us, I believe, and he’d sworn an oath to me now,” Mahariel’s expression morphed into annoyance and he reached for the bookshelf to start perusing — though his pained face revealed that he wasn’t very comfortable with the written text, “I don’t have need for a bodyguard. Please, fetch the rest. Especially the girls.”“You know, dear Warden,” Zevran interjected with a chuckle, heaving himself up to sit on the table. “Alistair isn’t entirely wrong. It might be considered a bit reckless to stay alone with a man who was paid to take your life.” The younger elf raised his head, looked incredulously at the Antivan, and said with wide open eyes, “Are you going to kill me, when Alistair leaves, Zevran?” Zevran laughed. “And would I tell you if I was?” He replied, “No, Alistair, you can leave your precious friend safely with me. I really prefer him over the Crows.” “You see?” The hunter looked at the human with a confidence born out of simplicity,  “He won’t do anything. And even if he tried, I have Thushel with me,” He patted mabari’s head and turned back to the shelf. “Just go.”Alistair looked at the Warden’s back a minute or two more, as though he were trying to telepathically convince the elf to change his mind. Then, he did some awkward gesture at Zevran, which probably was some kind of warning like ‘I’m watching you’ or ‘I’m going to hunt you to the end of the world if you try anything’ before he finally left.“You know, dear Tavaris, Alistair usually acts like his brain is made of something light and fluffy, but he has a point here,” Zevran said absently fingering a random book, “I’m sworn to you, and I intend to keep that oath, but not everyone would be as trustworthy as I,” He snickered, “You should keep in mind that people tend to lie. Take this poor fellow for example,” He swung his leg in the general direction of the corpse, “You were perfectly willing to let him feed us a lie, and now we would probably be heading in the opposite direction at best, straight into an ambush at worst.” Mahariel tucked a golden strand of hair behind his ear and smiled gingerly at Zevran. “Yes, you’re probably right. But he was a shem,” he answered as though it explained everything. The assassin rolled his eyes and started to laugh helplessly. “You really don’t get it, do you?” He asked with a tired resignation, “It’s not about the shem and humans. You told Alistair that everyone is for himself, and you were right — yet still, you probably even don’t understand why you are right. The world is a dark place, my dear Warden, and it may be that the Blight isn’t the darkest thing that you may encounter in your travels.” “Shem and Elvhen,” corrected Mahariel somberly, as it was the most important thing Zevran had said, then returned to the reading.This Dalish was a very frustrating man to deal with, the assassin decided. He was not stupid, Zevran was sure, but he was so stubbornly blind to the realities of living outside the safety of his isolated community, that it seemed like the ranger had a death wish.Well, perhaps he had, reflected the Antivan after a while, watching the golden head bend over the book. Zevran himself was not a stranger to that feeling, and he suspected that Tavaris Mahariel did not join the Wardens willingly. As far as Zevran knew, the young man probably had his own Rinna haunting his sleep. The Warden worked and Zevran thumbed a book lazily, entertaining himself by imagining Mahariel naked. He was curious how far his clan tattoos went. His own adornments reached some very interesting places, but what about the hunter? After some pondering, he decided that it was highly unlikely that this blushing boy showed anyone enough body to make these markings really fun. But tattoos or not, he surely had a nice ass, obvious even under the leather skirt of his armor. Flashes of strong thighs between wide leather stripes were deliciously appealing, and the assassin reflected that whoever designed the most popular style of leather armors in Ferelden must have had a thigh fetish. Zevran approved. His musings were interrupted by the clatter in the hall. The rest of their merry company was here. Alistair stormed into the room with an expression betraying his expectations  clearly – that was to find the Antivan laughing menacingly over Tavaris’ cold body. The Crow smiled with all the innocence he could muster and held empty hands in the air, “Still here, you see. No foul play. Your Warden friend is safe and sound, if you hadn’t noticed.”“Oh, it’s good to have you all here,” Mahariel turned to his companions, motioning at the bookshelves with a tight-lipped smile, “We have much to do.”They worked late into the night. Or to be fair, most of them worked late into the night. Zevran spent the better half of his time leafing through the same book again and again, entertaining himself in a way that surely would not be found appropriate by the rest. He shamelessly ogled almost everyone in the room – except Sten, who really wasn’t his type – but returned every time to that young, elven butt. The girls were quite fair and Alistair was a fine build man, but something in the Dalish intrigued Zevran enough to draw his attention repeatedly, despite the fact that he usually was more partial to feminine charms .It was quite late, when Mahariel put one of the books back on the shelf and sat down on the floor with a desperate moan. “I can’t find anything,” he said, looking straight at the assassin. Zevran busied himself with the book; suddenly worried he might be caught in his reverie. Glancing through the page, for the first time he took a moment to see what he was actually reading. “Wait,” he exclaimed with astonishment, “I believe I found something.” Zevran was holding Brother Genitivi’s private journal. Morrigan snatched it out of his hand with a suspicious expression, to which Zevran answered with an innocent shrug. The sum of Brother Genitivi’s work all pointed to the tiny village of Haven, a remote settlement deep in the Frostback Mountains. After some arguing over the route Tavaris decided that they would travel using a path through the Brecilian Forest, taking a small detour to invoke the ancient treaties along the way.“We cannot make any useless excursions! People’s lives are in danger!” Allistair protested.“The entirety of Thedas is in danger,” Tavaris retorted calmly, “I don’t desire to chase down clans fleeing from the Blight. Right now I know they are here,” He pointed at the map, “I must to ask them to gather the rest of the clans, and they will need time to do it.”He looked at the Alistair then and smiled timidly, almost permissively, “It would be only a short detour.”The archer’s argument was solid, but it did not escaped Zevran’s attention that the mention of the Elvhen clans made the young man’s eyes brighten for the first time since he met him. The poor kid must been terribly homesick, the assassin thought, sighing inwardly. He understood; the nights, when he was not dreaming about Rinna’s eyes, he dreamt about the smell of tanneries, Antivan rains and flowers, the buzz of the lively streets. “We’ll move with the first light,” announced the Dalish when they were back in their camp, shovelling the third bowl of stew into his mouth; both of the Wardens ate like wolves, as the assassin noticed.  But now it was Zevran’s turn to protest. Leliana brought him some basic supplies and a horse, but it was not enough.“Oh no! We’re not going anywhere until I find myself a really warm cloak,” he demanded, “This country is harsh and cold at its best, and you want me to go into the mountains? Mountains that have frost in their very name?” Mahariel opened his mouth to say something, but the Antivan stopped him, “No, my dear Warden. You want a useful assassin, not the one with balls frozen to the horseback, yes?”“I don’t think you need balls to fight, elf,” Sten returned with his usual, humorless tone.“I believe, he was speaking figuratively,” Leliana interjected, giggling.   Tavaris spread his hands in a gesture of resignation, “Fine, fine. You’ll have till noon.” They didn’t move at noon. In fact, they didn’t go anywhere till the next day. No stall, no booth in the whole Denerim had a cloak warm enough to satisfy the Antivan elf. Finally he bought two, both lined with fur, and spent the evening stitching them both together with the reluctant help of very annoyed Leliana. What was surprising, while whole company had shown obvious signs of irritation – Zevran’s bickering definitely was getting on everyone’s nerves – Mahariel just looked at him, smiled gingerly, telling him that he hoped Zevran would be warm enough now, and that he was sorry they had to travel to a such cold place. From anyone else, Zevran would consider it a jibe, but the younger elf seemed genuinely concerned about his wellbeing. No judgement, no annoyance, just simple worry that made Zevran quite uneasy. He was unused to this kind of treatment, and he did not think he deserved it — especially considering that he spat in the face of the last person who cared about him in any way as he watched her die. 



Trust feely given
Chapter Notes
19th May 2017: This was originally two chapters, but since they were short and followed roughly the same theme, I decided to put them together. Not much new content, but the existing one was rather thoroughly edited for the sake of better conveying Zevran's thoughts and feelings about the situation he found himself in.



They were on the road for only a few days when Zevran found himself by the fire, absently sharpening one of his daggers while also discreetly watching the young Warden across from him. For all of his quirks, the assassin observed so far that Tavaris Mahariel was everything a Grey Warden was meant to be: an excellent archer, a proficient swordsman and a solid leader to their odd party. He had a way to bring them all together, despite their differences and never shrank away from the responsibility. As ridiculous as it was to see an elf in charge, Zevran quickly got used to it as the boy was a natural.
Yet there were moments late into the evening, when the young man thought no one was looking, moments when his expression softened and revealed who he really was: a young Dalish boy far away from home.
While in Denerim it was difficult not to notice that Mahariel was in fact very young and scared, his age was not so obvious outside the city. Here, these moments were caught by a sheer accident. The Warden was pleasant enough to look at, and Zevran was never one to deny himself the pleasure of ogling, clandestine as it was. The younger elf’s honey blond hair framed a sleek face with high cheekbones and flowed the length of his back almost to his thighs. He pinned that mane into a ponytail low below his shoulder blades. The style seemed impractical, yet still managed to make the young man all the more fetching. The elegant clan tattoos complimented an aquiline nose and huge, almond-shaped eyes, giving him a slight resemblance to that of a falcon — vigilant and bright, but not sharp enough to make him look unpleasant. His wide, refined jaw completed the strong profile, giving the impression of a strong, masculine character which he presumably needed to cope with what was probably a completely alien reality to him.
 Tavaris’ eyes were the most expressive aspect about him. When the young man allowed himself relax a bit, the grim determination, visible even with his friendly attempts towards their companions, disappeared replaced with great longing, that made him seem almost haunted… And in some odd way Zevran found it endearing. Usually he was uninterested in tormented people, as they tended to be killjoys, too focused on their own problems to notice that not everyone wanted to spend their days sulking. However, he sensed that this distant gaze came out of loneliness, and such loneliness was not lost on him. How difficult it must be to keep everyone in their little group as comfortable as possible with the shadow of a Blight hanging above their heads. Always accepting, never judging and accommodating to their needs as well as it was possible, he managed to bring his companions close together, even if he himself never really fit into the group.
At first Zevran enjoyed observing how the solemn Dalish man struggled with understanding life outside the clan — it was quite entertaining, really, to watch him as he tried to navigate the world of humans using his exotic mindset. His squabbles with Alistair over the simplest of things, usually ending in mutual confusion, for example, were rather enjoyable. In some ways, Mahariel was much farther from home than Zevran himself and that notion concerned him. The Warden was so impossibly innocent that he seemed to never fully comprehended why Loghain sent Zevran in the first place, let alone other, more subtle problems. There seemingly was no one to explain to him how the world outside the clan worked — Alistair was nearly as clueless as the elf, be that from his upbringing or sheer stupidity, Sten was far too aloof to care, Leilana so blinded by Chantry hymns that she could easily impress that all humans were batshit crazy, and Morrigan’s attempts to set Tavaris straight were voiced so cruelly that the boy began to openly avoid her. That left only Thushel — the hunter’s mabari — and Zevran, and the assassin was rather sure that the dog would not give the young Warden the Talk.
This naïve, lost boy was everything that stood between Zevran and the retaliation of the Crows. And as for now it was an appallingly fragile barrier. Something had to be done because Blight or no, the disaster so far had only been avoided by sheer luck.
The younger elf turned back to the pile of wood and picked a log to toss into the fire. Slender as he was, the hunter was also beautifully muscled and Zevran felt a rather unexpected pang of desire as he watched Tavaris’ back shifting under a linen tunic. He had pondered for a while how the boy might look covered only by scented massage oil, a wicked grin surfacing at such a thought. Mahariel might not fit the usual profile of his preferred lover, but he was still well built, exotic and full of completely unrealized sensuality. There was also that charming blush that appeared at a mere mention of sex and Zevran was really curious how far it went. He already decided that he needed to get as close to the Warden as possible simply by point of survival, so why not to try and mix some pleasure into that? Seducing him could be the perfect way to make certain that he would actually listen to Zevran’s advice and that he’d keep him close, thus ensuring that his ridiculous guilelessness would not kill them both.
There was, of course, the risk that the Dalish elf would be absolutely repelled by the idea of making love to another man, but that was a risk Zevran was perfectly willing to take. Perhaps it was a bit reckless, but… if he was unable to enjoy life’s small pleasures, then he might as well go back to Antiva, taking with him a silver platter for his head.
 “So we’re heading to Brecilian now, yes?” He asked, wiping the dagger’s blade with dry cloth, “Is this your clan, you want to meet?”
Mahariel stirred, lurched really, seemingly coming back to the reality, only to realize the other man was present by the fire at all. The shocked expression disappeared almost instantly, as the elf donned his usual, solemn mask.
 “No,” he answered calmly, looking somewhere above Zevran’s ear. An unnerving habit, the Antivan was unsure if it was his Dalish upbringing or some coping method toward his environment. He sincerely hoped for the latter, as it would be much easier to get rid of it in this case, “My clan went west. By now, I believe they must be somewhere in Orlais.”
“Orlais? Sensible, I think. West to Orlais, then north to Antiva, or Rivain, yes? Far from the darkspawn,” Zevran smiled approvingly. “Were it not for the fact that grisly death awaits me both here and in the North, I would go there myself.”
The young Warden quirked a brow.
“You are free to go anytime, Zevran,” he voiced carefully. This conscious articulation was yet another odd quirk the assassin caught on to, and he surmised that Mahariel was afraid his accent was too thick.
“I won’t hold you here against your will,” the Warden continued, “Maybe the Anderfels? It should be safe enough.”
The Antivan assassin scoffed, “Anderfels? Maker, no! From all that I’ve heard, I’d prefer to take my chances with the Blight here than move to that graveyard of a country.”
 Tavaris’ brows knit further together and Zevran hurried with an explanation, “All the Anders I’ve ever met, and I’ve met my share of them, my dear Warden, were so content not to be dead that they really didn’t bother to live. And I actually like living, thank you very much.” He smiled charmingly at the young elf. “Cold beds and dull food aren’t exactly my thing.”
“Cold beds? I thought Ferelden is much colder than…” Queried the younger man, slowing his speech once the real message struck. Suddenly shy, Tavaris dropped his gaze to his feet, a pink singe gracing his cheeks. He uttered a soft reply, “Oh…”
Zevran swallowed a heavy sigh. Mahariel’s blush was pretty cute, but fact that it appeared on even such a innocent for his standards remark, was alarming. Virginity, albeit whimsical in romance novels, was not something he cared for in a lover.  Maybe he should think the seduction plan over again. He managed a chuckle, for appearances sake, after all, “Yes, much colder, indeed.”
 
They moved south — a little further for Zevran to feel comfortable, but they were to fight the Blight after all, anyway. He guessed that you couldn’t fight the Blight without approaching the Darkspawn first — and the Wardens claimed that the bulk of the Horde still remained far away. He was unsure how they knew, but in the end had no choice but to trust their judgement. Still, the chance of encountering darkspawn on the road grew with every passing day.
Suddenly, it was as though all the darkspawn attacked at once. Two parties were confronted before lunch, including six genlock archers, eight hurlocks and an ogre. It was possibly the strongest group the assassin had ever seen.
Zevran felt a wave of nausea hit just by the sight of gangly, rotting things. At the first battle, he had to back out the fight covered by Mahariel himself, in order to return his breakfast. He was completely useless after that and Alistair was deeply annoyed, but the Dalish showed some of that steel  he usually saved for battle, scolding the other Warden while trying to help Zevran. He looked like he understood what the Antivan was going through. With his helper covered in the putrid darkspawn blood, Zevran could only add to the conversation by continuing to regurgitate his feelings. Still, he appreciated the sentiment.
 
Now, not so many days later, he felt only a little bit nauseous, but quite positive that he could wait until the battle was over to puke in the bushes. Mahariel smiled at him reassuringly while nocking an arrow, returning his attention to the darkspawn feeding on some poor travellers on the road. They were hidden in the shrubs by the trail — the Wardens warned them a while ago what they are going to encounter. Some sixth sense or magic, the assassin wasn’t sure how much he really wanted to know.
Zevran stole a glance at the unmoving silhouette of the ranger, now all sharp lines and angles, tense as the string of his bow.
“Sten, Alistair, I want you both on the ogre,” Tavaris commanded quietly, “Leliana, Zevran, Morrigan — take care of the hurlocks. I’ll take the archers.”
There were short nods of acknowledgement, and the two warriors rushed through the brush, crunching the dried leaves of encroaching winter. All of the darkspawn turned to the two men, allowing plenty of opportunity for the remaining three to catch them off-guard.
Zevran sprinted from the cover to the nearest hurlocks, on his way quickly signing to Leliana about the weakness in the armor of one of the creatures. Then just as quickly, he dove under the heavy sword of another, cutting the tendons behind its knees. The beast fell, and the assassin released it with a cut to the throat before turning to the next just in time to dodge the wide arc of an axe.
He staggered, thrown off balance, the darkspawn already pushing forward, taking advantage of the elf’s situation. He parried the heavy axe, having no other choice in his precarious position, and his wrist stiffened from the impact, making him drop the blade. Things started to look grim. But then, a slender arrow whizzed by Zevran’s ear, striking directly into the hurlock’s neck. The assassin cast a stunned glance in Mahariel’s direction only to see the archer smiling warmly — an expression weirdly at odds with his focused posture.
There was no time to savour the victory, however. The Antivan snatched his dropped dagger and turned his attention back to the field, searching for the next opponent. Morrigan’s freezing missiles found two of their enemies already; the shards shattering as the spell wore off. Zevran jumped at the first one, kicking violently and pushing on the second one. As the last genlock fell, the assassin could see the arch of his companion’s slender arrow flying overhead, landing on target into a hurlock’s mouldy neck.
It was a quick job then, and Zevran focused his attention on the ogre. The huge beast had already done a number on the larger fighters in their merry band. Sten was limping and Alistair was bleeding profusely somewhere from his left arm, twisted unnaturally despite the heavy armour. Tavaris and Leliana were both trying to find a weak point with their arrows, but their attempts were futile. Only Morrigan seemed to do any harm, but it was only enough to slow the enraged creature.
The Antivan chose to flank the juggernaut while it was distracted. Climbing up its back with reckless abandon, he pushed one of his daggers deep in its hide. The ogre roared and straightened in an attempt to shake him off, but the assassin managed to latch on with a second dagger, clinging to the hilts firmly. The beast howled again, reaching back with one massive hand while also pushing away Sten’s sword with the other. Zevran tensed, preparing himself to move higher, but then the monster staggered back, clutching its face in pain.
The assassin jumped off, barely avoiding the crushing weight as the ogre hit the ground dead, clenching its enormous hand around the Dalish arrow driven deep into its eye.
 Zevran took a deep calming breath before taking the time to observe the team. Sten was limping, but there was no visible wound. Alistair, however, was becoming terribly pale and the blood dribbled from under his armour to pool beneath his shaking form.
“Someone should see your arm, Warden,” said Zevran, approaching them. “You look like you are going to drop dead.”
He reached to the straps holding Alistair’s armlets in place, but the ex-templar shook off his hands.
 “Keep your hands to yourself, assassin,” he hissed, grimacing violently — both in pain and disgust. “It’s bad enough without you poisoning the wound.”
“I’m hurt,” Zevran rolled his eyes. “Here I am, nearly crushed under an ogre for your benefit, and I hear such cruel words in return.”
Alistair averted his gaze a bit, but his expression remained the same, muttering, “Only what you deserve.”
“Really, Alistair?” Mahariel approached quickly enough, a reprimand just as swiftly on his tongue, “That’s quite low of you.”
The young man knelt beside the second Warden and began taking off the armor as Zevran had intended. This time the human did not twitch. Fumbling with buckles, Tavaris raised shining, almond-shaped eyes at Zevran.
“You were amazing,” he breathed with what amounted to pure awe in his voice.
“In the end, it was you who put it down,” Zevran replied.
“I wouldn’t have managed if it weren’t for you,” Tavaris cast a disarming smile that struck Zevran dumb momentarily before he sobered again and focused on the task at hand.
 “Would you mind getting our horses, Zevran?” He asked more gruffly, and despite the polite manner, Zevran knew it was an order.
He nodded, “Of course. Do you need anything else?”
“Yes,” Mahariel smiled briefly, “I want you to bring our sacks here too.”
 The Antivan chuckled, starting to turn away.
“Your wish is my command.”
 “You must be kidding me,” Alistair interjected, clutching his arm just below bleeding wound. Zevran stopped mid-step. “I don’t want him to touch my horse, bag or bandages.”
Tavaris furrowed his brow and peered down at his Warden friend sharply, speaking in a hushed tone, “What in the Betrayer’s eyes is your problem?”
 “The assassin is my problem,” Alistair answered testily.
“He has a name, Brother,” Mahariel retorted harshly. Zevran mulled over the possible reasons why the Dalish would call his fellow Warden “Brother” only when he was really angry, “And he’s our companion and ally now. I won’t have that anymore.”
The ex-templar grimaced; Tavaris’ examinations seemed to become much less careful.
“He’s dangerous and he wanted to kill us. What’s going to stop him from murdering us now, when you let him share fire and food with us?” The older of the pair winced with every pull of the strap. He searched Tavaris’ eyes, almost frantic in his seriousness, “We won’t wake up one day and it will be because your infatuation with that elf.”
 “And what would I do with that?” Zevran questioned lightly, “Go back to Antiva and get killed anyway as an example for not killing you the first time? I’ll pass.”
 Alistair hissed as Tavaris squeezed the wound painfully — to Zevran’s eyes it didn’t look like a medical procedure.
“I need bandages and clean water, Zevran,” Tavaris said with a dangerous edge to his voice, “He’s going to bleed to death if you stand here and argue about your good intentions. Show them.” Then he turned back to the wounded man, his tone acrid. “I’m elvhen too, if you hadn’t noticed it yet.”
Zevran only nodded curtly, feeling uneasy and a bit like a scolded child, as he headed to get their mounts.  He would not terribly mind Alistair bleeding to death, but they needed every Warden they had. And, more importantly, he did not feel like disobeying the Dalish.
“Just don’t leave my weapons in this corpse,” he stated before he left.
 
After the encounter with the ogre the atmosphere in the camp was heavy for the next few days.  Alistair healed quickly, aided both by insane amounts of elfroot and his own resilience, but Mahariel was uncharacteristically curt towards him, apparently still sour with his behavior after the battle. The tension between the Wardens made Leliana snappish too, which made Morrigan and Sten withdrew into their own corners of the camp, showing themselves only when it was necessary. In the grim company Zevran entertained himself by watching the elven Warden, who with him was pleasant enough, and coaxing stories out of him; which was unbelievably easy.
Skilled fighter he was, Tavaris Mahariel was an incredibly easy mark when it came to gaining trust. Zevran had a hard time to admit it, but it seemed that he had chosen absolutely the worst way to deal with the commission. Despite being a responsible and surprisingly charismatic leader, Tavaris was at the same time so wide-eyed and trusting that it would be enough for the assassin to enter his camp one evening and say he wanted to fight the Blight with him. The next day he would, for example, poison the food as the Alistair suggested he was still going to, and return to Antiva, his job completed.
It didn’t occur to him earlier because he couldn’t ever imagine someone so absurdly credulous. But now, as he heard their companions’ stories, he couldn’t really help rethinking his previous possibilities. Leilana joined them just by stepping forward and telling she wanted to. Sten — a murderer, as he discovered, and the kind that he actually was wary of (it was one thing to kill as a job, completely another to murder a whole family without even a good explanation) — was taken out of the cage because he promised to fight by the Warden’s side. Morrigan came with them because her mother told so — and running around with an apostate seemed a risky choice (however, in this particular case the Antivan suspected that it might had been even more unwise to deny Morrigan’s mother’s request). And then there was Zevran himself, accepted into the party after a freaking assassination’s attempt. Arainai felt like he entered some surreal dream realm and couldn’t wake up.
And now the boy was sitting right by him — looking quite deliciously, one might add, gray eyes wide and bright, golden hair shining in the light of the fire. His strong, tanned thigh flashed under the leather skirt and shapely lips gleamed alluringly, dampened with wine. The fact that young Dalish had no idea that he might be watched that way, only spiced the image in Zevran’s mind — who, without even realizing, apparently decided that the young man’s innocence wasn’t actually a deal breaker when it came to his seduction plan.
“I’m really sorry to be bothering you,” said Tavaris, shy smile on these innocent lips. “I’m just so excited to meet some of my own people… And I didn’t felt like talking to shemlen about that. Or Sten. He’s… just weird.” He offered the flask of wine to Zevran.
“Oh, don’t worry, my dear friend. I am all ears.” He smiled charmingly, accepting the offer. “However, you might find that I am no better than shemlen in this case. My whole life were the Crows.”
He didn’t even mention that he had a crawling suspicion that in the reality he wasn’t an elf, just elf-blooded, maybe in a second or third generation. Pure-blooded elves didn’t get such magnificent noses as his — though he had to admit, that the very elven line of Mahariel’s profile was attractive on its own.
“You don’t have a family?” Boy’s eyes widened in horror. The assassin laughed, genuinely amused.
“Oh, I had a mother once. She was even a Dalish, or so I was told. And I believe I must have some father, as she couldn’t conceive me without any help. But it really wasn’t a family to talk about.”
Tavaris brightened once again.
“Dalish? So of which clan you are? And… how did you end in the Anitva City?”
Zevran chuckled.
“Oh I’m afraid I can’t answer the first question. She was a whore, you see, and I was probably an accident. She died while giving me birth — my first victim as it would seem.”
“That’s awful,” whispered Tavaris, suddenly clutching his hand, like he wanted to give him some kind of assurance. Sweet, really. “May I ask… How did it happen?”
The Antivan laughed heartily.
“Oh, my dear boy. Usually it looks like that: a man and a woman, naked more or less…”
Tavaris reddened rapidly.
“That’s not what I meant,” he said quietly. “What I wanted to ask was how she became a whore. We don’t… Clans don’t let our girls to end like that.”
“She run away with a woodcutter,” he shrugged. “It seems that the woodcutter wasn’t interested in taking care of the Dalish girl in a big city. Or maybe he had fallen ill and died — I’ve never managed to get the story straight. She ended up in debt and had to support herself anyway, and there weren’t many other jobs for someone like her around.”
The slender hand on his arm tightened emphatically. Its solid touch was weirdly at odds with the overall, almost child-like look. From a person with this kind of naivety and boyish appearance one would expect a soft skin and weak, womanly touch. Tavaris’ hand was, however, strong and callused from sword and bow, and his grip was pleasantly firm and reassuring — or it would be, if Zevran needed any kind of assurance.
He shouldn’t be amazed by this, really. He knew perfectly well, what Mahariel could do, and it wasn’t something one did on a first week after picking up a weapon. Still, he couldn’t help it.
“I really can’t tell you much more about her,” he said, surprising himself. “I knew, how she earned her pay and where did she come from, all of that from the other whores in the brothel I was growing in. And I had just one thing from her — a pair of gloves. They were of Dalish make, beautifully adorned. I used to take them out when I felt alone or scared and imagine the hands that wore them.” He looked at the younger man, suddenly aware of his babbling.
“But enough of that. I believe that you wanted to share something yourself?” He smiled, and it was again his usual, cocky grin.
“I’m not sure what,” admitted Tavaris, taking his hand back. The comforting feeling was gone. “Probably just that I feel strange outside the clan. And I really can’t understand what’s going on sometimes. Everything is so different now…”
“How?” Asked Zevran, genuinely interested. “I’ve never know this kind of life… Oh, maybe a three days, when I run away from the Crows as the foolish kid. I don’t know what the life in a clan is really like.”
“Close.” The Warden smiled, looking melancholic. “We’re very tight. We grow together and live together, sharing all joys and all fears. You’re never alone in the clan.”
Oh. That explained a lot.
“We could always count at each other,” the Dalish continued, his face suddenly saddened. “Until even our Keeper couldn’t help me anymore.”
“What happened?” Asked Zevran, who actually was wondering what made the boy leave his clan. You didn’t often meet a lone Dalish elf.
“The Taint happened,” answered the young man, pulling his knees towards his chin.
“Me and my good friend, Tamlen… We found shemlen in the forest. They told us about the ruins. The ruins were weird, you see, shem architecture filled with the artifacts of the old Elvhenan. And we’re keepers of the lost lore, walkers of the lonely path. We are the last of the Elvhenan.” The distant tone suggested that the boy was repeating some old poem or ritual. His accent thickened too, as Mahariel stopped paying attention to it, and Zevran discovered he found the melodic lilt of it rather pleasant.
“Nevertheless, we thought, we should check it, see if there’s something our Keeper would be interested in. And well — the ruins were interesting enough. There were old statues of the Creators, elven decorations — very odd, because the architecture wasn’t elven at all. And in the last chamber we have reached… There was this derem’i Fen’Harel mirror.”
“A mirror?” Zevran asked, rather surprised. He was expecting something more… ominous.
“Yes, a mirror.” Tavaris nodded. “It was magical, I have no doubt. Tamlen saw some images in it, was speaking about some city… I didn’t see much, just some weird glimpses. Tamlen… He was entranced. He actually touched the cursed thing.”
“The next thing I remember was Duncan, crouched over me. I was terribly sick, passed out for two days. When I woke up, I learnt that Tamlen was nowhere to be found. I went with Merril, our clan’s Keeper’s First, to search for him only to found that the ruins were overrun by the Darkspawn. We found Duncan there, also, who examined the mirror. It was tainted, you see, and somehow Tamlen had freed its Taint.”
He sighed, reaching for the wine flask and drinking deeply. He wasn’t looking at Zevran anymore; now his eyes were fixed on fire, full of sadness and longing so great that it was painful to watch. He swallowed and continued.
“And I was tainted too, and my Keeper couldn’t help me anymore. I wanted to stay, to die among my own people if I had to, but she wasn’t having it. Duncan took me away and made a Grey Warden — and it’s only reason I’m alive right now. But Tamlen... Tamlen was lost. And I still dream of him — he was like a brother to me. I suppose I have new brothers now.” He looked at the snoring form of Alistair, with an expression that was hard to decipher, but far from pleased. “But it’s not the same. And I don’t believe it could ever be.”
He looked at Zevran not a little bit embarrassed.
“I’m sorry, you must think I’m babbling,” he said, nervously fingering the stripe of the leather tunic, accidentally showing more of his sleek thigh. “I’ll probably should shut up now.”
“No, not at all. I’m happy to listen, if you want to talk, my dear friend.” He looked at the fire.
“However, I probably can’t really understand. I’ve never had a family, brothers included. Even friends… Let’s say that friendship isn’t something expected among the Crows.”
“No friends?” The Warden looked at him with sheer horror. “How could one live without friends?”
“Safely,” answered Zevran with a shrug. “Attachments are a weakness when you deal in death.”
The young elf still looked aghast, so Zevran added, without really thinking.
“Maybe I had one friend. But I don’t want to talk about it. Why don’t you tell me more about this Tamlen?”
“Oh.” Mahariel looked at him a little confused. “If you really want to listen… “He took another deep swing of wine. “Tamlen was… Well… He was brash and fast thinking, always first to fight and to go into danger. Very lively and always joking. I loved that about him. If you wanted to do something irresponsible — Tamlen was your man. He always complained that he wanted to see more, do more... He would be ecstatic to be at my place now.” The young elf chuckled quietly, a sad smile that made his sharp face brighten. “He had also beautiful voice — I could listen to him for hours when he sang. He was a good hunter, but never too good with a sword or dagger — but he probably didn’t know it, too scatterbrained to notice — when he lost during sparrings which we sometimes held, he would find a thousand reasons, except from his poor performance. But he was too good-natured to whine about that. In fact, the only thing I ever heard him complain…” He hesitated. “Never mind. He was a good friend.”
Zevran raised his brow. Tavaris’ soft, dreamy voice, suggested to him that this Tamlen wasn’t a “brother” to him, but something else entirely.
“He had beautiful eyes too. The deepest blue that I ever saw.”
Ooh, and here it is, thought the assassin. If this Tamlen wasn’t a crush, he was ready to cut off his arm. Well, figuratively speaking. He liked his arms as they were.
“So... You were close then,” concluded Zevran, watching the younger guy carefully. It was a good news — he probably won’t be repulsed, if he fancied men.
Tavaris nodded, cheeks flushed with wine.
“We were. But we had a little argument shortly before this… accident. I regret he died thinking, I was angry at him.”
His face was again solemn, as he drunk again. Zevran noticed, that each time he swallowed more and more. In this pace he’d soon be too drunk to stand.
“Probably we should speak about something else,” he suggested, placing his hand on the boy’s shoulder. Much to his surprise, Tavaris not only nodded, but suddenly turned around and embraced him with a quiet sob. The assassin, taken aback, patted uncertainly the hunter’s back, having no idea, what had just happened and feeling slightly uncomfortable.
“You do realize,” he started hesitantly. “That you are hugging a man who tried to kill you, yes? About two weeks ago?”
Tavaris lifted his head, blinking incredulously. Grey, huge eyes were reddened from crying.
“But you won’t now, will you?”
Oh, my. The man was further gone than Zevran realized before. To the list of things he could use to finish the job earlier he added “terribly weak head”. He sighed.
“No, I won’t,” he admitted and the boy snuggled to him again like it made everything all right. Zevran rolled his eyes and hugged him awkwardly back. It was a complete mystery to him, how this fluffy ball of naivety managed to resemble a responsible man during the day. 
“Do you still have your gloves?” Asked a muffled voice from somewhere around his neck. Arainai needed a few seconds before he realized, what Tavaris was talking about.
“No. They were taken from me after I was sold to the Crows,” he answered. “Well, not right after, but they were discovered soon enough. We weren’t allowed such things.”
He felt awkward. He had absolutely nothing against physical intimacy with the Warden — he was hot, after all, and had a lots of charm — but it wasn't exactly the kind he was looking for. Honestly — he couldn't even say that he was ever hugged in this kind of way, without even a suggestion of sex.
At least the hunter smelled really good. He must have been using some herbal substance, and its fresh aroma was all over his skin and hair.
“Sold?” The muffled voice had a shocked note to it, and Tavaris crawled even closer, effectively seating himself in Arainai’s lap.  Zevran felt the urge to kiss the younger elf and get him to his tent — it was something that he had experience at, contrary to this whole hugging-emotional thing — but he suspected that it might scare Mahariel away and, as it was his trust he needed most, he stayed as he was.
“For the whole three sovereigns, I was told,” he chuckled willing himself not to stiffen. “A really good price, as I was all skin and bones then, and couldn’t tell the pommel of the dagger from its pointy end.”
“It’s awful, Zevran,” said the young Dalish, even accenting his name properly. “I am sorry.”
The assassin sighed, patting his companion’s back.  There was no use in explaining that it wasn’t all bad or that Zevran didn’t have any hard feelings about it, so the only thing he said was:
“I’m fine.”
 
Mahariel fell asleep in his arms soon enough and Zevran was left with the awkward task of getting him back to his tent. In the meantime Alistair had woken up, and seeing the assassins problem, at first looked alarmed (oh yes, because Zevran would kill the boy in the middle of the camp, and then put him back to bed), then, understanding what really happened, chuckled lowly.
“Oh, he’s such a big kid sometimes,” he commented, making the elf raise his brows. Apparently he didn’t hold any grudge about Mahariel’s icy act in the last few days.
“And look who’s talking,” the Crow shot back without any rancor.
Finally, when the hunter was tucked safely at his bedroll and the camp was guarded by the human Warden, Zevran went to sleep himself, unsure what to make of the evening's conversation. He was slowly becoming used to Tavaris’ childlike trustfulness and openness.  Even to his contradictory nature: he was still amazed that the man who killed the ogre few days ago and the fragile boy he held tonight was the same person, but it didn't surprise him anymore. What was surprising and a bit disturbing were Zevran's own reactions to the Warden's naive — and kind — inquiries. He hadn't opened like that... Probably never. He hadn't said much, but his sudden willingness to share and craving for the reassurance — which he didn't need, of course — given by the slender boy's touch, were at least, dangerous. There was still a possibility that Tavaris wasn't as naive, as he seemed to be. He could be simply a better player than Zevran...
The Antivan didn't really feel convinced that Tavaris could be so cunning, but still, he had to keep this possibility in mind. It was better than letting himself to fall under the pretty boy's charm, when he was supposed to do exactly the opposite.
 



Dalish amongst the Dalish
Chapter Notes
20th May 2017:So, here we are, at the beginning of the Brecillian arc - which I edit furiously for some time now, and apparently, in me-speak 'to edit' means 'to add additional scenes that blow the chapters out of proportion'. So, here we have first of them. Enjoy.



In the morning Tavaris avoided him. It wasn’t easy in the little camp, but somehow the younger man managed it. And every time he looked at Zevran, he blushed, tips of his ears red as poppies. The assassin wondered, how much the Warden really remembered of their evening chat.
That was apparently doomed to stay a mystery as he urged everyone to hurry so persistently that they were on their way in no time. They turned from the road soon after they packed up the camp, travelling a narrow, sometimes almost invisible path into the forest. Arainai was absolutely sure he would get lost — and the rest of the company looked as much disoriented as he was. Mahariel, however, lead them confidently as if they were strolling through a wide road. Zevran found the thick, green canopy of the trees stifling, maybe slightly creepy and in the faces of the others and the lull of the conversations, he saw he wasn’t alone. Tavaris, on the other hand, was obviously excited, with his eyes shining so bright that Zevran started to quietly worry about possible fever causes.
Suddenly he pulled the reins of his horse and held one hand in the air.
“Get ready,” he whispered, jumping of the horse and putting an arrow in his bow. The rest followed suit, even if no one was sure what alarmed the elf exactly. Zevran was already ready to jump at the slightest rustle, but Mahariel didn’t seem to be prone to panic here.
“Darkspawn?” asked Leilana, whispering, but Alistair just shook his head. He looked as confused as the rest of them, as he looked around, trying to see anything in the lush greenery.
Suddenly an abnormally huge spider fell from the tree, but before it even touched the ground it was already pierced by an elven arrow, convulsing wildly and turning on its back.
Unfortunately, there was more of them. Six more huge beasts, not much smaller than their horses, attacked them from all the sides. Zevran fought his panic and revulsion down — he hated spiders, and those were guaranteed to visit his nightmares from this day on.
Three insects had fallen by Mahariel’s hand, who then calmly hung back his bow at the quiver and pulled his daggers, jumping at the closest monster’s back and slashing the animal viciously. Alistair and Leilana were fighting the next one together, the sixth was being frozen by Morrigan with some ice spell, Sten crushing the it's chitin with his enormous sword. And the seventh — Zevran turned around to look the monster straight into one of its eyes.
He slashed at the widely opened mandibles feeling a surge of horror —  he definitely preferred anything, including the Darkspawn, to that. His sword bounced uselessly back from the hard chitin, and he tried again, but the spider wasn’t affected much. It clicked its mandibles ominously at Zevran, and the assassin, suddenly aware of his impending demise, absently bemoaned the wasted opportunity of visiting the Pearl in Denerim and his fervent wish to be killed by something… less revolting.
Suddenly, at the spider’s back, something golden and brown appeared, and it jerked. The long, disgusting legs contracted, making the beast turn to the side, and Tavaris jumped of its rump in a graceful arc.
“You all right?” He asked, watching the assassin with worry. Now it was Zevran’s turn to feel ashamed.
“Well, yes, why not?” He answered, faking a cocky smile, though his insides felt like they were made of  very shaky jelly. “I’m just more of a city hunter, that’s all.”
The Dalish laughed, eyes shining bright. It seemed that he saw through his phony confidence, but there was no malice in his amusement.
“The chitin is pretty hard to pierce,” he said, showing the various weaknesses of the said armor. “But there are vulnerable points. And I particularly like this one.” He pointed at the one of them. “You pierce it deep enough, you cut their poison glands. It kills them in seconds. And it’s as easy to reach with a knife or sword as with an arrow.”
“I’ll try to remember,” Zevran promised, hoping deeply that it was the first and the last time he had to encounter anything like that.
“I’m glad you’re all right,” Tavaris whispered, quietly enough to be heard only by the assassin. “These are nasty things.” He smiled warmly, putting briefly a hand on Zevran’s arm and turned back, already ordering calmly around. It was hard to believe that it was the same person who cried in his arms the evening before.
Zevran started to get a ridiculous suspicion that Mahariel the Warden kept Tavaris the Kid in his pocket and pulled him out in the evenings to act as a decoy, when he snuck out to do whatever adult Dalish did with their evenings.
Once he was sure no one was seriously wounded, Mahariel knelt by one of the carcasses, putting a hand between the mandibles. Zevran was aware, that the arachnid was dead — still, it made his stomach churn. There was a sickening sound of tearing and hunter pulled his hand out of the beast’s… jaws... holding proudly his prize. He tossed it in the assassin’s direction who reflectively caught slimy, disgusting organ.
“The poison gland,” the younger elf explained, seeing the horrified expression of the Antivan. “I thought you could have some use for it.”
“Yes, I probably would,” answered the assassin reluctantly. He knew, of course, what he was holding — as an apprentice he had to extract his share from these. But these he remembered were usually… drier. And, most importantly, Zevran wasn’t a witness of their obtaining. Still…
“Would you mind helping me with extraction later?” He asked. “I don’t believe I’ve ever worked with a gland so fresh.”
Tavaris beamed.
“But of course,” he agreed, looking genuinely glad. “It would be my pleasure.”
Kinky, thought Zevran sourly. In his most perverted dreams he never imagined that extracting poison from the spider’s gland could be described as a “pleasure”. Even when the organ was suitably dried and cleaned it was rather nasty job — this thing, slippery and covered in goo, made in seem positively nightmarish.
He searched his things and found a piece of cloth, big enough to wrap the slimy body part. Mahariel waited for him to finish, a kind look in his eyes, before he motioned them to go.
“We’ll almost there,” said the young ranger suddenly, after twenty minutes or so. Zevran had no idea what made the Warden so sure — rest of their team, with the exception of Morrigan, looked as confused as he was. Tavaris was, however, right. They managed to get just a few steps when suddenly three elves showed up from behind the trees. For Zevran it looked like they just had appeared from the thin air, but Tavaris wasn’t surprised.
“Andaran atish'an, Lethallan,” he said with a smile to the huntress who seemed to be a leader of the Dalish party. The woman smiled friendly.
“Andaran atish'an, Lethallin,” she said raising her hand in greeting. “You seem to be far away from home, cousin. How can we help you?”
The Warden and the two hunters exchanged quick greetings when she spoke.
“I came on behalf the Grey Wardens. I’d like to speak with your Keeper, if that’s possible.”
“Grey Wardens?” There was a flicker of surprise in the huntress eyes, but she nodded. “Of course, I’ll take you to him. And that explains your weird party, I suppose.” She smiled tightly, looking at Zevran, then Sten, the grimace noticeably less friendly than the smiles she gave Mahariel. Zevran was under an impression that the woman purposefully ignored all the humans.
Tavaris smiled — a bit shyly.
“I need all the help I can get, be that shemlen or qunari. The Blight hurts us all.”
“I suppose you’re right,” she agreed, but there was some reluctance in her voice. “I’ll take you to our Keeper… But you might find out you won’t like what you’ll hear.”
Tavaris looked at her questioningly, but she just shook her head.
“No use standing here. Let’s go.”
They hadn’t to walk long until they entered the camp. The aravellas were scattered between the trees in a seemingly chaotic fashion, but Zevran had a feeling that there was some order to that, despite of the first impression it gave. There were a few fires by which sat the elves, eating, working and sharing stories. As they entered the camp, conversations faded. The elvish eyes followed them and Zevran knew, they were assessed. But it seemed that some of the Dalish had good feelings about at least part of their party — two young girls, their faces still a little bit swollen under very fresh tattoos, were leaning to each other, looking at Tavaris, whispering and giggling quietly. The assassin wasn’t surprised — they probably rarely seen young men from other clans and novelty was always attractive. Tavaris was a fine looking lad despite his height and, as Zevran just noticed, upon entering the camp he changed a bit. Some stiffness, the assassin didn’t realize was there, disappeared and now the young elf — always graceful — was moving with an ease of a cat, silent and relaxed. Zevran had to agree with the girls, it was sexy as hell.
The elven Warden ignored the girls completely, following the huntress towards the middle of the camp. In a hushed voice he asked her something in elvish — only now Zevran realized how much of their conversation on the forest path was a courtesy toward him and the rest of their company — she answered the question silently shaking her head and Tavaris somehow managed to look sad and satisfied with the answer at the same time. The state of the camp seemed to trouble him though, and looking around Zevran noticed the probable source of his worry — there seemed to be a big infirmary — hidden from the sight by a few aravellas but obviously not well enough. A quick approximation made the Antivan sure that it must have been almost a third of the clan lying there — or even more. A little wonder that they weren't overly friendly (not that the welcoming nature was a well-known Dalish trait).
The Keeper was a bald man of an age that was difficult to determine. Something about him made Zevran dislike him immediately — and it wasn't even his initial rudeness, which was understandable given the circumstances. It was something deeper, something in his manner of speaking and his posture. Or maybe just the fact that he started to speak elvish, ignoring everyone except the Dalish. Mahariel, however, answered consistently in King’s Tongue, finally forcing the Keeper to speak in a language which was understandable for everyone in their group.
The old elf dismissed the news of the Blight, saying he already sensed it’s corruption and wanted to take the immobile clan north. The treaties weren't any surprise for him too, but he plainly refused to deliver.
“This might require some explanation,” he told Mahariel, inviting him to follow. The gesture was obviously meant for the Dalish man alone, but Zevran chose to ignore that and went with them, close at the Warden’s heels. Morrigan hadn’t hesitate a moment too, joining them in a walk through the camp. After them, the rest followed as well. The Keeper, Zathrian, scowled for a second seeing the bunch of outsiders trailing behind him, but Tavaris hadn’t noticed that grimace — not a big surprise. This time he could be excused though, as he looked at the infirmary with terror written all over his face. It must have been shocking for him to see so many of his people in a obviously terrible pain, Zevran reflected. He himself wasn’t moved much, but Mahariel did mention how close-knit the Dalish were, not even accounting for the empathy the assassin learned to recognize as one of the Warden’s dominating traits.
The Crow put his hand on Tavaris’ arm, reflexively trying to calm him down, which earned him a brief, grateful look. In the tense setting of the young man’s shoulders he saw clearly that only a tremendous effort of will saved the Warden from clinging to the Antivan in a search of any solace. The boy was almost addicted to the physical comfort, Zevran thought, and for some absurd reason he seemed to be his first choice for it.
“The clan entered Brecilian forest a month ago, as is our custom when we come in this part of Ferelden,” Zathrian explained. “We are always wary of the dangers of the forest. But we did not expect that the werewolves were lying in a wait for us. They… ambushed us, and through we drove the beasts back, much damage was done. Many of our warriors lie dying as we speak. Even with all our magic and healing skill, we’re eventually forced to slay our brothers to prevent them from becoming beasts. The Blight is evil and must be stopped. But we’re in no position to uphold our obligations. I am truly sorry.” The Keeper bowed his head slightly, as Tavaris clenched his fists.
“It’s decided then,” said Alistair, suspiciously cheerful. “We won’t get any help here, we have to go somewhere else.” Their young leader shot him murderous glance.
“You must have gone mad,” he answered through clenched teeth and turned to the Keeper. “We will help, as much as we can,” he promised solemnly.
Zevran groaned inwardly, disappointed, but not really surprised. From what he gathered so far Mahariel was too gentle of a soul to go by such suffering without trying to help. Especially when it were his people in need. The assassin couldn't be fooled — he saw already how deeply Mahariel cared for the Dalish and how heartbroken he was about leaving them. He just hoped that Zathrian wouldn't accept outsiders’ help.
He wasn't so lucky.
“Maybe. The affliction is a curse that runs rampant in their blood, bringing great agony and then eventually either death or transformation into something monstrous. The only thing that could help them must come from the source of curse itself. And that… that would be no trivial task to retrieve.”
“I’m listening.” The Mahariel determination was obvious — and foolish. It looked like no Blight, no dying earl could stop him from running to the forest to get to the curse’s source — or die trying. His deep sense of community became suddenly a very dangerous characteristic.
“Within the Brecilian forest dwells a big wolf. We call him Witherfang. It was within him that curse originated, and through his blood it has been spread. If he is killed and his heart brought to me perhaps I’ll be able to destroy the curse, but the task has proven too dangerous for us.”
“You must be kidding,” interrupted Morrigan. “I can't believe that I agree with the fool, but you don’t really mean to run as some errand boy for them?” she said. “Not only is that an unnecessary delay, but also, if they really can’t kill a wolf, you really don’t need them. What help could they be?”
Mahariel’s pretty, grey eyes became steely and unrelenting.
“Even if they wouldn't be able to help, I won’t refuse to come to their aid. We’re last of the Elvenhan, and so it’s my duty and moral obligation to help my brothers in peril. None of you has to come with me.”
“Your duty and moral obligation is to face the Archdemon, Tavaris.” Alistair suddenly became stiff, hard look appearing in his eyes. “Also, to gather as much help in this fight as you can. Not fighting the werewolves in the middle of Brecilian.”
“First and foremost I’m Dalish, not a Warden,” spat Mahariel. “I agreed to join the order only because clans are in danger too and I won’t shun this obligation, but my first responsibility is to my people. You’re not my people, Brother.”
Alistair winced, looking hurt. Zathrian listened to the argument with impenetrable expression.
“I don’t want to stand in a way of your obligations, Warden,” he said quietly. “But if we could stop the curse before it ruins our clan, we might be able to help. Call the others at the very least.”
“You see,” Tavaris turned to Alistair with a hint of satisfaction. “We’ll get the help the Wardens need if we aid them.”
He looked back to Zathrian, his face solemn. “You see that I bear the mark of Andruil and you doubt I’ll go hunting for you? I followed Vir’Tanadhal my whole life, Hahren, and that’s not going to change now. I'll accept any help, but it's not any condition nor price.”
The Templar looked unimpressed. Zevran wasn’t convinced either, but it was clear to him that the matter was decided and Mahariel intended to keep his word. They could either let him brave the forest alone or offer help. Zevran had all the reasons to seem helpful.
“You won’t have to go alone, my Warden,” he promised, squeezing gently the younger elf’s arm. “You can count on me”. He just hoped that this promise  wouldn’t mean he was going to end chewed up by some giant critter in the next few days.
The deeply grateful look on the hunter’s face was oddly rewarding, though.
“I need to know more,” Mahariel turned back to Zatharian, demanding details. Zatharian shared what he knew — which wasn’t much… Or so it seemed. Something rubbed Zevran the wrong way here, but he couldn't really pinpoint the problem. He had only this annoying feeling that there was something very wrong somewhere there and the Keeper was fully aware that he was keeping it from them.
“I’ll make it right, Hahren,” promised finally Tavaris, his eyes soft and warm again.
“Ma’serannas, hunter. May your arm never tire and your arrows fly straight.”
 
They were shown a place where they were allowed to camp — thankfully, close to a stream, though Zevran suspected it was mostly a courtesy towards Mahariel. After a deeper consideration, though, the mere fact that they were still breathing and allowed to stay there at all, seemed to be only due to the hunter’s presence. The assassin heard many horror stories about people who strayed too close to Dalish camps in Antiva — he had no reason to suspect those elves to be much more merciful, especially when in such vulnerable position.
He wasn’t worried for himself much. He was a flat-ear, after all, and the Dalish were known for being much more lenient for their city-dwelling brethren than for the others. There was this short period he spent in a camp before realizing that he didn’t like forests much and before his masters found him — which was a silent relief, though he never admitted as much.  He got there and lived. And Master Lavir, probably chosen from the ranks for the virtue of being elf himself, got there and lived too. Their party was composed mostly of humans now, however. And Zevran wasn’t so sure all the Dalish were as precise with their bows as Mahariel — so maybe he was a little bit anxious about himself as well.  
After they set the camp the elf in question treated them to a long lecture about proper behavior around the Dalish camp, which could be summed up to few simple rules: treat all the religious figures around with respect, not leave their designated space without a very good reason, and don’t harass the women under any circumstances. Or, better yet, don’t interact with them at all, especially the younger ones. For some reason this last command was accompanied by a pointed look toward Zevran who just smiled lasciviously at Mahariel.
“Why should I need to chase skirts when I have such a fine man ordering me around?” He purred. The hunter got flustered, as it was to be expected and disappeared quickly in the forest after they finished their preparations for the night. Apparently ‘stay here’ rule didn’t apply to him.
Zevran took out the tools he managed to grab in Denerim and his quickly evaporating collection of poison ingredients. He set his portable laboratory some distance away from the tents — close enough to adhere to the rules outlined by Tavaris, but yet far enough to keep the rest from inhaling any unpleasant fumes. He had to brew a few poisons for the current use, extract and concentrate the poison from the gland for later and figure out what supplies he needed and could get from the Dalish or from the forest itself.
There was also a pressing issue of the flasks available, as even though he tried to recycle the containers it was inevitable for some to break or get destroyed by vicious substances he carried with him. His reserve was getting low, and that was a huge problem: these were tools of his trade.
He put off extracting the poison from the gland — the task most unpleasant of the all he had to finish — instead working on the fresh mixtures, crafted in a way that should be deadly to the beings inhabiting the forest. He avoided any local ingredients, choosing instead ones the Brecilian dwellers wouldn’t develop an immunity to.  And acids. Acids were almost always effective, though they required very careful handling.
Silently, he mourned his old poison chest, filled with quality tools, powders worth a small fortune and rows and rows of safe holds sized perfectly to hold the delicate glass of vials he used.  His current toolset was jarringly lacking.
 
Mahariel came back some time later, in a flurry of golden hair and soft smiles. He was carrying a box under his arm and his expression was oddly satisfied when he placed it next to Zevran.
“I talked to Lanaya and Varathorn,” he breathed out. It didn’t tell Zevran much. “The supplies are scarce, but they agreed to part with some… I thought you might need some tools and these…” He faltered, opening the box, showing Zevran rows of little vials. Some were empty, some filled with substances Zevran could recognize at the first sight. There was a decent supply of deathroot, some Mafareth’s tears, traitor’s breath… Some were more uncommon and the assassin fell silent for a moment, eyes skirting through the labels on the vials.
“It took so long because Lanaya took her time to rewrite the labels in Kings Tongue…” He trailed off, seeing that the Antivan wasn’t answering. “I’m sorry, I should’ve asked first.”
He was upset, his accent rolling thickly off his tongue, as he made a move to close the box. Zevran shook of his surprise and looked up at the young hunter.
“No, no, no!” He protested. “That’s perfect. I’m just... I don’t know what to say, that’s all.”
It felt oddly like a gift, but the assassin pushed the odd feeling down. It wasn’t a gift. It was a necessary investment if Tavaris wanted him to be useful. The fact he took time and effort to try and anticipate his needs was nice, and definitely something Zevran wasn’t used to, but he reasoned that the hunter simply decided to show his appreciation for the support he gave him before.
It was all in the realm of understandable.
Tavaris let a loud breath out, eyes shining with relief.
“That’s good. I mean… I wasn’t sure what you need and…” He blushed slightly. “But! I have one more thing for you.”
He jumped to his feet and run to his luggage with spring in his step. Arainai watched him slightly bewildered.
The young man came back in moments, clutching a bundle wrapped in a rabbit fur. He offered it to the assassin, who unwrapped it reluctantly. There was a silver bar of a decent size inside. Not a big treasure, but enough to keep him well-fed and equipped for a few weeks, should he decide to stray from the group. Not that he planned to in the near future.
He looked up at Mahariel, trying to voice his question. He didn’t have to.
“I was thinking about what you told me yesterday,” the young man said, growing shy again. “Not that I remember it very clearly, but some things… well, stuck out for me. I needed some time to process it… but…” He bit his lip. “I remember you said you were bought and that you never knew a different life. And… I don’t want you to think of yourself as a slave or anything like that. So, here’s the payment for your services. Should you take it and go your way, it’s fine, but if you want to stick around… Well, we don’t have much money now, but I’ll try my best to get you fairly compensated.” He stuttered when he spoke and looked away several times. “I hope you’ll find this arrangement reasonable,” he finished finally.
Zevran looked at the silver for a moment, not really grasping what Mahariel was saying. Finally, it hit him. He was a free man — or at least as free as one could be when they had Crows hounding their steps. Tavaris Mahariel was both granting and acknowledging it. And Zevran wasn’t really sure what to make of this revelation.
The young man was getting nervous again when Zevran looked up from the silver that seemed to symbolize so much.
“More than reasonable,” he agreed, as he didn’t know what else he could say. Then, to ward off any uneasiness left, he asked with a crooked smile. “Now, I believe you offered to give me a hand with this vicious thing,” he gestured at the spider gland. “Is that offer still on a table?” 
 



Reach and flexibility
Chapter Notes
21th May 2017: So, this one is definitely E-rated. If you want to skip the smut, it's separated from the rest by the horizontal lines, both at the beginning and at the end. There are parts that are slightly steamy before (some heavy kissing and start of undressing), but I thought that the dialogue there was important enough to count it in the main body of the chapter - no dicks in this part, tho :D. I hope it works for you. Also, a language note: for elvish I use available resources, like Project Elvhen or a translator tool on lingojam or even the wikia - but when I have doubts or want something that wasn't covered anywhere, I let my imagination loose. For Antivan... Well, I use Spanish as a base, but since I don't know a single word in Spanish and shamelessly rely on translators and dictionaries... Just keep in mind. This isn't Spanish. This is Antivan. That's my excuse XDAs for the changes: the part that leads to sex is heavily reworked, the smut itself too, and the discussion... Well, it might be easier to say that I hadn't left a stone unturned in this chapter. Let me just speak in numbers: while the first version of this chapter was below 5k words, this one counts 7,6k. So.....well, enjoy :D



The spider’s gland was vile and after they finished getting the precious poison out both Zevran and Tavaris were covered in gunk. Mahariel demanded a bath with a disgusted expression and Zevran was far from protesting. He could stand a little dirt, but this was absolutely repulsing.The younger man stepped into the camp proper to fetch something — from the circle of fire the assassin could hear the appalled shouts of their companions when the hunter barged between tents almost dripping with smelly goo — Zevran didn’t wait for him to come back; he was eager to get out of his own, ghastly, clothes and scrub away the awful film of gore that seemed to cover him in the most impossible places. For all he cared, he could stride back to the camp naked; he had nothing to be ashamed for — and Alistair’s reaction to seeing another man’s penis might prove to be entertaining on its own right.He undressed and got into cold water, cursing under his breath the awful fereldan weather. The stream was freezing — even more so in the deeper spot at its curve that was the most suitable place for bathing.Zevran painfully missed hot baths.A loud splash of water announced Mahariel, who drove into it head first and now was snorting loudly and shaking his head, sending icy droplets straight at the assassin. Zevran was so caught up in his misery he missed the moment the younger man undressed and now he was mentally kicking himself for it.Mahariel stopped, raising his head and looking at the Antivan with an amused expression.“You’d be warmer if you moved, you know,” he quipped. His wet hair glittered in the moonlight.There was a wisdom to that, Arainai was sure, but he felt already frozen in place.“I’ll just wash quickly and get to the fire,” he answered, his teeth chattering too much to muster his usual wit. Tavaris somehow managed to shrug.“Suit yourself. If you moved you’d see the water is actually pleasant.”Zevran highly doubted it.The only thing he regretted as he escaped the freezing Pit of the stream, was that despite bathing with the young man he somehow managed to completely miss seeing him naked. Zevran returned to the campfire shaking and ducked straight into his tent to get dressed — completely forgetting about his plan to scar Alistair for life. He came back wearing both of his changes of clothes and his thick, double coat at once. It wasn’t a dashing look he usually aimed for, but he was too cold to care anymore.Tavaris came back a while later. He apparently took a chance to snatch a few things for himself too as he was in the Dalish camp, as he was wearing a flowing tunic of a triangular, elven cut and a pair of knee-long, form fitting leggings made of soft leather.While the assassin was going to miss the tantalizing flashes of skin beneath the leather skirt of an armor, he had admit that it was much better look on the young man than the ill-fitting shirt and skirt he grew used to.Mahariel fitted himself on a log next to Zevran and reached out to the fire to get his dinner. The fresh herbal scent the Antivan caught several times already was much stronger now. The assassin found it pleasant; a nice counterpoint to the hearty smell of fire and food.He was getting warmer, the stew was decent and there was certain pleasantness in having a nice smelling, firm body lodged at his side, so Zevran felt pretty content. At some point he discarded the coat and one of his shirts and leaned into the warmth of the fire, absently listening to the conversation.As if in direct opposition, as the evening progressed, Mahariel’s mood — positively chipper during their struggle with the slippery poison gland and the freezing bath — soured gradually. After a while Zevran nudged him gently.“You look tense, my dear Warden,” he said quietly. It wasn’t like he particularly cared. Maybe just a little. Tavaris had a pleasant laugh and was much more relaxing company when he was relaxed himself. And, also, there was the non-trivial matter of getting into his good graces and being a stress-reliever was something Zevran absolutely aced.Mahariel shook his head slightly, then sighed in defeat.“I’m sorry. It’s just… It’s been too late when we arrived to start the trek into the deep forest and everyone needs to rest… But…” He faltered, nudging a burning twig with a stick. “People are sick and they’re dying and we’re sitting here, joking around. I know we can’t do anything right now, but still, it doesn’t sit well with me.”Leliana paused mid-sentence, breaking a story she was telling — something about Orlesians and their courtly customs; bizarre, even if she painted it as a pinnacle of culture.“Oh. I’m sorry, Tav. I haven’t thought about it this way.”The young man shrugged. “’Tis fine. A distraction isn’t a bad thing, it’s just… I guess the shem ideas of politeness aren’t doing it for me.”Zevran smirked. “Distraction? That I can do, my dear Warden. How would you like to hear about one of my most ridiculous missions? It happened when I was a lad fresh from the training, and convinced that the world belongs to me, even if I didn’t have skills to back it up — contrary to the present day, as I must impress.”There was a flicker of interest in Mahariel’s eyes so Zevran launched into terribly embellished, absurd tale involving two naked merchants, a goat and a parrot. It seemed to help a bit and Tavaris was smiling slightly at the end of it, so Zevran followed with a story about Taliesen mistaking a lord’s privy with his alcove. And then another, about a misplaced ring and a lost poison vial. Then, finally, about that one mage who almost made him look like a fool in his Masters’ eyes, but had enough tact to break her neck on the carriage steps.As the stories turned increasingly raunchy, their companions started to slowly leave the fire. First it was Alistair, who escaped, ducking into his tent with an embarrassed expression. Sten seemed slightly bored and annoyed when left next, without even saying goodnight. Leliana, actually interested, stayed the longest, if one didn’t count Morrigan, who sat by her own fire — in a hearing distance, but far enough for the conversation to not distract her from her reading.Tavaris was blushing furiously, drinking from the wineskin way too fast, when one took his light head into account, so the assassin changed the subject smoothly, vividly describing the glorious Antiva City and the best things he was able to experience as a successful Crow. He carefully avoided the topics that were sore for him, would reveal too many secrets or could be upsetting for the sheltered Dalish, instead focusing on the splendour, on exotic fruits, fine wines and the taste of prawn and oyster soup in a port tavern. When he mentioned the smell of tanneries he stopped, catching himself on sharing something much more personal than he intended.Fortunately, it worked. Mahariel was looking at him, completely bewitched, having completely forgotten about his troubles. His eyes brimmed with sheer awe, which would be charming enough on its own… But there was also this odd intensity that made the assassin shiver. The fact that the Warden probably didn’t even know how his companion might react to such a gaze, somehow made it even more tantalizing. Finally, Zevran decided he had exhausted the subject. The further musings about Antiva were too private to share, and his own mood was getting just weird, so he took a long sip of wine before passing it to Tavaris.“You know, the Crows aren’t so bad. They expect effects, but when you deliver, you get whatever you want. Wine, men, women — whatever you fancy. It’s the severance package that is crap,” he smiled, and the young Warden paused for a moment, drinking offered alcohol.“And what do you fancy, Zevran?” He almost choked, realizing what he just said and blushed deeply. “I mean…” His words came out heavy with his accent when he tried to correct himself. “Is there anything you want for yourself? In the future?”Zevran smirked, sensing the opening. He avoided that particular topic earlier, in attempt to not scare the young elf with premature advances, but he definitely wouldn’t let the occasion pass. Even now, the man was distressed and tired after the taxing day and Zevran knew no better cure for this ailment than bodily pleasures. He just hoped that Tavaris won’t be too skittish after the wine and the stories.“Oh, I fancy many things!” He said, looking intensely at the Warden, licking slowly his lower lip and leaning slightly towards him. “I fancy things that are beautiful and strong, I fancy things that are exciting and dangerous… Would you be offended if I said I fancied you?”“But… I’m a man,” Tavaris answered, his eyes wide.The assassin laughed, but stopped abruptly noticing the sudden stiffness of the Warden’s back. Not good.“Oh… you are speaking seriously, aren’t you?” He asked. He suspected Tavaris was a virgin, and he was also almost positive, that he was a gay virgin. But then… Could he really misread the signs? In such a disastrous way?“Oh, I do forget this is not the Antiva City. We are… a little more open-minded about such things, where I hail from. Is this something I should beg pardon for?”“No… I just… I was surprised. I didn’t know… think…,” answered the Warden, his cheeks charmingly flushing again. Zevran decided that the blush nicely emphasized subtle lines of Tav’s vallasin.“Pleasantly, I hope.” Zevran smiled at him, placing discreetly a hand on his knee — ready to take it back in a second, should the gesture be taken wrong. It was a gamble, but the assassin felt he couldn’t wait for another opportunity. That weird feeling came back, nagging, and now he craved a distraction for himself. He had to be smart, though, so he decided to answer the almost forgotten question. “As for what I’ll do in the future, presuming that there is one… I truly can’t imagine.”The hunter didn’t move back, looking at the assassin entranced. Zevran thought it was a good sign; not to mention that the young hunter looked delightfully with his shining eyes, lips moistened with wine and so deeply focused on the assassin himself as if the world around them could cease to exist. He gently shifted his hand, brushing carefully against the hunter’s thigh. The soft leather of Tavaris’ leggings was silken to the touch.“It might be interesting to go into a business for myself, for a change — far from Antiva, of course. For now, naturally, I go where you go.”And would be it your tent by any accident? He wondered, feeling the strong muscles flexing slightly under his hand. Tavaris looked at him, all tense, breathing deeply. He licked his lips involuntarily, and that, in combination with Tav’s widened pupils, told Zevran all he had to know.“Well, enough of this chit-chat.” He said, pulling closer to the Warden. “Talking about the Crows summons them — every child in Antiva knows that.”The young elf looked at Zevran unsure, but when he cupped his chin and kissed the warm lips it took only few seconds before the hunter wrapped arms around his neck, returning the kiss awkwardly. Oh, this boy has lots to learn, Zevran thought, but decided it didn’t really matter. Tavaris’ lips were so perfectly… kissable that he could lose himself just in that, if he allowed himself this kind of recklessness. He tasted like wine and some odd, but really pleasant herb; both spicy and fresh at the same time.Zevran slid his hands in the mass of the ridiculously long, golden hair, cradling the Warden’s head as the kiss continued, getting more and more refined with every passing moment. Tavaris was inexperienced, without doubt, but he picked up things quickly.Leiliana, seated at the other side of the fire, took a deep breath and suddenly frowned, seeing Zevran kiss the Warden, but fortunately she stopped herself from making any louder sounds that might scare young elf. Odd, he didn’t think she would have any problem with that, given that she mentioned being a bard in the past, not to mention her Orlesian roots. It was better to not push his luck, though, so he stood slowly up, pulling Tavaris with him, and slowly manoeuvred him towards the hunter’s tent, not breaking the kiss for a second.His hands roamed younger man’s sides, sneaking under the light tunic. The triangular shape of it meant that there wasn’t much fabric to hinder the access to the skin; a fact for which Zevran was grateful. The younger elf seemed unsure, what he should do, so Zevran put gently his hands on fastenings of his own shirt, slowly caressing his young lover’s body, waiting for him to relax. The Warden shivered, as Zevran broke the kiss and moved his mouth lower, kissing Tavaris’ jaw, then moving to the ear. In the meantime his own shirt fell open so the assassin shrugged it off, then relieved the hunter of his tunic, revealing Mahariel’s slender, strongly muscled body.He stopped nibbling on the partner’s ear for a moment, to look at him, and was surprised to see that he was wrong about the boy’s tattoos. The elaborate patterns were covering both sides of his torso, disappearing under the leather of the still worn leggings. There were scars too, quite a number of them, each one a mark of strength and character, each one highlighting the graceful lines of the sculpted body.“Such an exquisite view, my friend,” he murmured into the caressed ear, to be rewarded by yet another blush. It was weirdly arousing to see how Tavaris reacted to the compliments, so he breathed into the sensitive ear, adding:“Exquisite and most tempting…”He wasn’t disappointed, as the hunter flushed once again, this time reaching for his head and pulling him decisively into another kiss. Zevran purred, feeling Tavaris’ lips part hungrily, and let his tongue slip into the wanting mouth. It looked like the Dalish was entirely ready to get rid of his virginity, even if that eagerness was slightly amplified by the wine.Alarmed by this realization, he pulled apart for a moment, studying his partner’s face. As much as unpleasant the idea of stopping was, Zevran wasn’t going to rape his partner when he was too intoxicated to fully consent to their activities.Thankfully, the hooded eyes that looked up at him, while slightly hazy, were lucid enough.“You sure of this?” Zevran breathed out quietly, just to stay on the safe side. Tavaris inhaled deeply, his nostrils narrowing. For a second he looked confused, then slightly angry, then, finally, he gave Zevran a bashful smile.“Yeah,” he murmured. “I mean.. I don’t have the slightest idea what I’m doing… But I don’t want to stop.”The assassin chuckled quietly, catching his lips again in a tender peck.“That’s good enough,” he promised between the kisses. “I’ll show you everything you need to know.”  Blindly but deftly he undressed his lover completely, exploring the firm lines of his body with the both hands. Tavaris was lightly built, with an exception of his wide shoulders, but his muscles were strong and wiry, giving him absolutely gorgeous nimbleness. It was an odd thing that no one else loved such a beautiful man before, Zevran thought, feeling like he just discovered a hidden treasure trove.He kissed lightly the hunter’s chin, then moved down the neck and below, stopping at the elf’s chest, tracing circles around his hardening nipples. He nibbled lightly at one of them and was rewarded by a low moan, his young lover’s body pressing into his caresses. Happy with the result he repeated that on the second nipple, stroking the first one gently with his hand, and brushed down the buttocks with a second, pushing him gently on the bedroll.Tavaris writhed under the touch, giving up to the pleasure, already aroused. Zevran sighed with content, moving his lips lower, and kissing soft skin of the hunter’s abdomen, his cheek — not accidentally — teasing his cock. It could be even more pleasant than he expected, after all, with Tavaris so receptive to his actions.Much to his surprise, when he moved his kisses to the Warden’s pelvis, the man moaned, and asked quietly:“What should I do?”Zevran chuckled against his skin, making the younger man tremble.“For now — let me do my job,” he whispered, licking slowly the base of Tavaris’ cock. The hunter complied, sighing loudly, and the assassin continued, caressing young man’s balls, and massaging his well-shaped ass.   He was fully aroused himself, and his own shaft longed for touch, but he wanted to carefully attend his lover's needs first — it was Tavaris who was just losing his virginity, after all, and while Zevran was far from fetishizing that unfortunate state of being, he strongly believed that, if possible, the first sexual experiences should be treated with care. After all, he wanted Tavaris to want to repeat that encounter.And it seemed that he would, as he reacted to his every touch, his whole body begging for more and more, when the assassin licked along the hunter’s shaft, slowly teasing, kissing its tip with a maddening softness, wrapping his tongue around it… The Warden gasped quietly when Zevran lapped quickly at the slit of his cock, and the Antivan discovered that he was deeply enjoying the show.Fascinated with the hunter’s reactions, the assassin swallowed the whole length without a slightest warning.Tavaris arched, hands clutched at his bedroll and groaned loudly. Zevran heard distantly a feminine chuckle from the outside, but the Warden was too far gone to notice such things.He slowly moved his lips upward, to the very tip, and then swallowed again, repeating this over and over, watching with pleasure as Tavaris buckled and groaned, eyes closed and the lips parted lustfully. He was almost ready to move forward, getting impatient himself, with his own cock throbbing almost painfully, when Tavaris tensed without a warning and climaxed into Zevran’s throat with a soft cry.That was disappointing, the assassin thought swallowing, but then he shouldn’t expect anything else. The young man just got his first blowjob — it was already commendable that he lasted as long as he did.He pulled off, resigning himself to a necessity of a quick wank in his own tent, when Tavaris pulled him up again, searching for his lips and moaning quietly when he tasted his own release in Zevran’s kiss.Despite his orgasm, he was still rock hard, the Crow realized as the younger elf buckled his hips, searching for the sensations. A sudden epiphany hit him hard and he laughed quietly in delight.“So that Warden stamina is no legend, yes?” He purred into the graceful ear and got rewarded with another bashful smile that instantly morphed into ecstasy, when their cocks finally met and the Antivan moved a little, applying some delightful friction before he grasped both of them with one hand, stroking them together. He slid the second hand down Tavaris’ side, making the younger elf whimper, and squeezed gently one of the round, soft buttocks, rolling on his back and pulling the Warden on the top.He was completely content to bring them both to completion like that, not wishing to put a strain on his young partner. Even if Tavaris could go for much longer, there was no need to demand more before he was ready. Simple pleasures were good too.Tavaris surprised him once again. He broke the kiss, nosing at Zevran’s collarbone and panting loudly, then, after nibbling at the skin there, he raised his head and looked into assassin’s eyes with a determination.“Let me try too,” he asked, already slithering lower on the Crow’s body, following the curvy lines of his tattoos with his mouth.Zevran relaxed, never the one to deny such a request, entangling hands carefully in the Warden’s hair (he decided that he definitely loved this hair) and letting the hunter gingerly kiss his skin, mimicking his previous actions. The light kisses and touches were maddening, but Zevran succumbed to the caresses patiently, knowing very well, that this kind of torture always bears wonderful fruits. He closed his eyes, his breathing getting quicker, as the hunter reached his stomach, nipping at his skin, and touching gently the soft area of his tights with one hand.Finally, Tavaris reached his cock and took it into his mouth, making Zevran moan quietly. He took a great pride in the perfect control over his body, but now he was aroused for so long that every touch, no matter how clumsy, seemed to be amplified tenfold. The younger elf seemed surprised by the reaction, as he paused for a second, but then started timidly caressing the head with his tongue. The older elf groaned louder, giving himself to the pleasure keenly and that seemed to be enough for the Warden to gain his confidence. He embraced Zevran’s pulsing shaft with his mouth, trying to repeat the assassin’s feat — but, alas, he wasn’t a child of a whorehouse. He choked and looked at Zevran with so terribly anxious face that the assassin couldn’t help, but chuckle.“Don’t worry, querido,” he said, using his hold on Tav’s hair to bring him gently back up into a kiss. “Hardly anyone is able to do it at the first attempt.”  Tavaris still looked crestfallen, so Zevran found his lips again, pulling him closer so their cocks again started to rub at each other, trapped between their bodies. He kissed deeply, pulling slightly at his partner’s hair, and pressing the second hand against the younger man’s firm butt.“This is fine too. We don’t have to do anything else if you don’t want,” he murmured when he caught his breath, tracing soothing patterns over the delicious firmness of Tav’s ass. Tavaris was incredibly warm, smelled and tasted absolutely lovely and the pressure of his solid, sculpted body was even more than Zevran needed to get his own pleasure.“You still haven’t…” Tav whispered, a strange mixture of shyness and lust filling his voice. “And you’re used to… ” He bit his lower lip nervously. “I don’t want you to be disappointed.”Zevran smirked, looking at Tavaris with amusement and combed the golden strands away from his face with his fingers.“You really aren’t ready for the kind of sex I’m used to, querido” he answered in a hushed tone. “But you mustn’t feel inadequate for that. You have a gorgeous body which is a pure bliss to behold and I’m honoured that you allow me to see it—” he let his eyes graze the tattoos and the strong chest, narrow hips and powerful thighs “— caress it —” he squeezed the Warden’s ass mischievously, moving his mouth closer to his neck, to a spot he already discovered as particularly sensitive. “Taste it,” he whispered, teasing it with a tip of his tongue, just to bit it playfully when he heard hunter’s quiet sigh. “Don’t worry about me,” he concluded in a whisper, lavishing attention at the bruised skin. “I take a great delight in making this little tryst enjoyable for you.”Tavaris let out a low sound of pleasure, surprised by the bite, as he let his head fall to Zevran’s shoulder.“Just like that, querido,” Zevran encouraged softly, tightening his hold over their dicks. “Don’t think too much. Let go.”It seemed for a moment that Tavaris would listen. He panted loudly, pressing his face into the crook of Zevran’s shoulder and buckling wildly into assassin’s fist. Sweat painted his skin with a glistening layer and deep shadows softened his form, making it seem ethereal. With the only source of light being the fire outside the tent, Zevran doubted a non-elven eye would see much; not that it mattered. What did, was that for him the view, as well as the pleasure, was magnificent.But then Tavaris groaned, forcing his head up and pressing his forehead to Zevran’s cheek.“Please, let me,” he panted. “Show me how to make you feel good. Please.”Zevran rolled them both over, hovering over his lithe partner as he pecked his lips.“I already feel very good,” he purred, looking into the dazed, grey eyes. “But, if you really want to try something else…” He licked a stripe at Tavaris’ neck. “You could fuck me. I’m curious how a Warden dick would feel inside my ass…”The hunter’s eyes widened almost comically.“Fuck you?” He asked, almost choking in surprise. Then a flicker of fear appeared. “I wouldn’t know…”“It’s no rush,” Zevran soothed, nosing at his ear. “I offer because you asked. But I’m perfectly fine with leaving things as they are.”“How about…” The younger man twisted in Zevran’s arms and nibbled at his jaw. “You fuck me? Show me how it’s done…?” He purred, looking at the assassin questioningly. Zevran raised one of his brows. He wasn’t opposed to the idea, Andraste, no! But…“We could to that, but I don’t know if you’d like it.” He just said. “Some find it… an acquired taste to find themselves at the receiving end.”Tavaris smiled.“Please, Zevran. I trust you.”There was something insufferably scary and arousing at once in this declaration. Zevran just couldn’t refuse such a request — not that he really wanted. Not even a single question of his was motivated by unwillingness.  But with a lover so inexperienced, so vulnerable, he just couldn’t risk any harm.“Then I’ll do everything in my power to prove worthy this trust,” he promised in a hushed whisper, capturing young man’s lips again. Tavaris was pliant in his arms, relaxed, and his tongue invaded Zevran’s mouth without a trace of reticence. The assassin purred against the kiss, cradling the hunter’s head with one hand and starting to slowly massage his way to his lover’s entrance with the second.Now, that Tavaris offered and started to turn into delicious goo under the assassin’s care, Zevran discovered that he wanted this young man with an unexpected desperation. It was probably too long since he had anyone to share his bed.“That might feel weird at first,” he warned, searching blindly for his belt — there was a little container full of the aromatic salve which he always had on him for the emergencies like this. “Just relax and let me know if you want to stop at any time.”The Crow’s concerns seemed to be unfounded. Tavaris succumbed to Zevran’s ministrations with enthusiasm, moaning against his mouth, shivering at Zevran’s every touch as the Antivan carefully widened his entrance. The assassin was absolutely delighted, entranced by his young lover reactions, as he entered him with his fingers gently, but decisively, covering him generously with the aromatic salve. Finally, he turned the hunter on the stomach and kissed the nape of his neck.“How do you feel? I want you to tell me of anything that makes you uncomfortable,” he asked again.Tavaris murmured something that was completely incoherent, but sounded absolutely pleased, so Zevran smiled, taking a few precious moments more to make sure that his lover was really relaxed enough. He reached deeper, gently searching for the sensitive point that made Mahariel buckle his hips upwards the second he stroked it. Tavaris moaned quietly, and the assassin decided he there was no reason to wait any longer. The hunter was pliant and relaxed and his ass was driving Zevran crazy. He lifted young Dalish’s hips with care and entered him slowly, sighing loudly as the warm, tight flesh engulfed him.The sound the Warden made could be described only as ecstatic. Zevran closed his eyes, letting the pleasure fill him, as the tight body of his lover closed around him, pressing blissfully. He waited a moment, wanting the hunter to have enough time to get used to the new sensation, but it seemed pointless: the Dalish moved first, a bit gingerly at the beginning, but swiftly getting his confidence back and they both groaned noisily, both overwhelmed with pleasure.Zevran found it hard to think, almost lost in the warm, soft sensation, but he wasn’t the one to forget about the needs of his lover. He reached down Tavaris’ leg and grabbed his cock firmly, stroking it to the rhythm of their moves. The hunter tossed his hips higher at that, pillowing his head at his arms, and almost crying in pleasure.The sight was absolutely irresistible. Zevran couldn’t help, but speed up his moves, as he watched the muscular body covered in scars and tattoos arching to meet his with a hunger so raw, he rarely saw anything like that anymore. His wide, muscular shoulders served him well now, as he braced himself against Zevran’s thrusts — and the assassin discovered he wanted to worship these shoulders later. Now his free hand wandered along Tavaris’ side, and it seemed to multiply the pleasure of the Dalish, as he soon cried ecstatically spilling his semen all over his cot, and fell down on the furs like a broken doll.Zevran was already delaying his own climax when Tavaris came, so he let go with a deep groan, then fell at the hunter’s body, kissing his neck, and rolled on the side. The younger man lifted his head slightly, giving him this heavy-lidded look that comes with an absolute bliss, then shifted, laying the golden head at the Antivan’s shoulder. They lay like that for a long time, on the thick layer of furs in the Warden’s tent. Zevran’s arm was wrapped around his young lover, stroking absently his skin. He was feeling quite content and it surprised him a little — while it wasn’t the best sex he ever had (it would be terribly unfair to expect otherwise from the younger man), it was much better experience than he had hoped for. Tavaris was a bit awkward and clumsy — every virgin was, and there was no way around that — but he had the makings of a really good lover. He had astonishingly beautiful body, was eager to learn and to please, showed initiative and, if somebody would teach him a thing or two… Zevran found himself rather willing to be this teacher. Probably it was partly because there wasn’t anyone else whom he’d like to bed during their mission: Alistair reminded him of a big, drooling puppy, and he was also pretty sure, that that Warden didn’t swing that way, Leilana, while pretty enough for him to look past her Chantry obsession already informed him she’s not interested, Morrigan — oh, he’d love to, but valued his manhood too much. Sten was Sten, and that was saying enough.  That left him with this charming young man who lied in his arms.“See, I know it would happen eventually. I should have warned you the moment you…” Zevran noticed Tav’s uneasy expression and broke mid-sentence. “Is there a problem, querido?” He asked instead, placing a soft kiss on his lover’s brow. Tavaris looked up and there was this skittish boy again, hidden in his eyes. The assassin fought the urge to sigh — he hoped they were already past it. On the other hand, he knew that despite what people might think, there was more to losing virginity than lying with one lover. The mindset often didn’t change so easily.“Well… You’re a man, so it doesn’t mean anything, does it?” Asked the younger elf and Zevran almost scoffed, annoyed. And, in some ridiculous way, offended.“What are you talking about, my Warden?” He asked, a little more sharply than he intended. “It’s just a pleasant way to spend some time, sure, but I don’t see what it has to do with my gender.”“I mean… We’re not nadas’lath now, right? Since neither of us is a woman…”Zevran exhaled slowly. This was a Dalish man here, in his embrace.  He didn’t think in the King’s Tongue — at least not the pure variant of it. He didn’t think like a human, or even a city elf — and surely he didn’t think like an Antivan. Whatever he said, no matter how he said it, wasn’t meant to sting as it did.“I’m afraid you must explain it to me, if I am to answer,” he said, playing with a long lock of the hunter’s hair. “I’m not familiar with the Dalish customs.”Tavaris hesitated.“Nadas’lath is…” he searched for a words for a moment. “A bonded pair? Something like a shem ‘marriage,’ I think, though it can’t be broken.” He explained quietly.  Zevran raised a brow in an astonishment.“No, we’re not married,” he chuckled, the idea probably the most absurd thing he’d heard in months. “Wait… You thought we got married just because we had sex? Isn’t there usually much more… I don’t know. Altars and vows and priests?”Tavaris shook his head.“Not with my people. You just court a girl — usually of your own choice, but if you don’t have anyone who caught your fancy, the elders would eventually pick one for you. Then she lets you into her aravella and you try to get children… And when you came out the next morning you’re considered nadas’lath. You’re partners in life and hunt and childbearing and other girls are forbidden to you.”“Well, we did it and there will be no children out of it. And you’re welcome to find other partners if you wish to.” Zevran smiled, trying to sound reassuring. “It was enjoyable — I hope — and that’s what it was supposed to be about.” He kissed his shoulder — Andraste’s tits, these shoulders were to die for. “You shouldn’t worry.  We aren’t married in any way, nor I wish we were. It’s a fling, a thing of mutual pleasure, yes? Nothing more. We get bored, we go our separate ways.” He pulled the Warden closer to peck at his swollen lips teasingly. The kiss became longer than he expected, as his partner gave in, wrapping his arms around the assassin’s neck. “No need to bother about that anymore, yes?” He asked finally, breathing the words into Tavaris’ skin.“You’re probably right,” answered the younger man, his eyes already filling with returning desire. “It’s for a man and a woman anyway. It’s probably harel that we do it together, but… I really don’t want to stop.”Ah, that was it, Zevran thought, finally discovering, what bothered him in Warden’s question. It wasn’t, of course, the fact, that boy didn’t wish to “marry” him. It was the notion that sex with him was less important than making love to woman, just because they were both men. Or that sex between two men was something shameful, if he understood that last sentence right. Especially…“May I ask you something, mi querido?”  He started, sliding the hand along the Tavaris’ side and gently kissing his collarbone. The hunter sighed approvingly and nodded. “Whatever you want to know,” he said.  “Have you ever considered any particular girl to become… your,” he attempted to repeat the unfamiliar word, pretty sure he failed miserably,  “nada-laa?” As he waited, he moved his hand a bit lower, stroking his partner’s hip lazily.“Oh…?” Younger man looked at the Antivan surprised. “Well… If you want to know… There was one girl.” It was time for the assassin to be shocked. It definitely wasn’t the answer he was expecting. Tavaris continued without noticing anything was amiss. “She was a great cook, and a good hunter too. Also a fine leatherworker. And she had… dreamy brother.”Zevran raised his head, looking at the Dalish with astonishment. “Dreamy brother?” He asked, almost choking with laughter. “You considered marrying a girl… Because her brother had a nice ass?”“Well, if you put it that way…” Tavaris blushed and tried to rise from furs. Zevran held him in place, kissing his abdomen and trying to suppress laughter. “Oh, where are you going, mi pequeño querido?” He drawled, looking at the young man with amusement. “You might find one day, that this Blight was the best thing that ever happened to you… And I intent to make this day come sooner.”They hadn’t left the tent this evening anymore. Tavaris might have been shy and filled with self doubt stemming from all that homophobic bullshit he was raised in, but he was also really enthusiastic, and it pleased Zevran almost as much as the sex itself. For so long time he had chosen only experienced lovers, that he already forgot how refreshing making love to someone so young and untried could be. The hunter, of course, had his bad moments — after choking, he once bit Zevran too hard even for the assassin’s tastes, once pulled on his hair in a completely unplanned way, twice elbowed him by an accident. But after each mistake he grew even more careful, more considerate, and so willing to accommodate every Zevran’s need that it was almost touching. And the stamina! The assassin had heard legends, but used to dismiss them as absurd. Now he wasn’t so sure. This really nice night had also a downside, but that was something they didn’t realize until morning. They overslept, and when they finally emerged from the tent it was almost noon. The whole party was gathered by the fire, chatting cheerfully — suspiciously including Morrigan who usually preferred to camp separately. Bodahn Feddic came from his cart, bringing the Wardens’ party some additional supplies, and the only one who wasn’t visible in the close proximity was Sten.“Ooooh, look who’s up!” Chirped Leliana, pouring herbal tea to two wooden cups sitting in a front of her. “I believe you two had a nice night?”“Everyone knows they had a nice night,” said Morrigan with a sour expression. “I have heard their nice night.”Alistair sat over his breakfast with a furrowed brow.“I was pretty sure that both of you were men… So how does it work?” He asked, eyeing two elves suspiciously.Tavaris simply wasn’t equipped to deal with the situation. He hid behind Zevran’s back, his face red. Leliana giggled.“Oh, what a cute, shy boy! I couldn’t tell he’s so modest, judging by the night’s sounds…”Zevran sighed, ruffling the hair on the back of his lover’s neck.“Give him a break,” he said, smiling warmly to the hunter. “As for your question, Alistair, are you interested about the ways we made love last night, or are you interested in more general instructions? Because in the first case I’d prefer not to answer — our dear friend is already embarrassed enough. In the second, however, I’m perfectly willing to instruct you, even giving a practical presentation.” He smiled, taking the cups from Leilana and passing one to Tavaris, who was still hiding at his back. “We might start slowly, as I’d school you in the subtle art of fellatio…”Alistair growled, putting both hands at his ears.“Enough! I don’t want, I’m not interested, I regret I ever asked!”“But are you sure?” Zevran feigned shock. “You would be surprised, how many men never get it right.” Behind his back Tavaris coughed, almost spilling the tea. Zevran chuckled, and gave the hunter a teasing look. “Oh, I wasn’t talking about you, mi querido. You only lack experience in that matter.”The Dalish choked on the drink, turning into an even deeper shade of red, much to the assassin’s amusement.Leliana looked at the older elf with feigned disapproval.“And it was you, who said to give him a break,” she said, but apparently wasn’t inclined to take her own advice, asking instead:“Sooo, how it was?”“I’d prefer not to hear it,” said Morrigan bitterly. “I’m just happy that Zevran already found his victim. Maybe he’ll stop ogling me at last. ““Oh, hermosa, I would never dare to offend your beauty with such a neglect!” Zevran sat by the fire, reaching for the bread. “It would be absolutely unacceptable on my part.”Alistair squinted his eyes at the young mage.“You don’t want to hear it?” He asked. “What are you doing here, then? I believe, that you live somewhere two hundred yards behind us.”Morrigan looked at the Warden with murder in her eyes.“Aren’t you afraid I will turn you into a newt?”Alistar didn’t answer, instead biting into the cheese with a renewed passion.“Sooo?” chimed Leliana, putting a chin on her hands. “Are you going to tell us something?”“I’m starving,” answered Tavaris grimly, finally reaching over the fire to get some porridge. “And I won’t let you embarrass me out of my breakfast.”Zevran chuckled into his cup.“That’s a spirit!”Leliana hasn’t been touched at the slightest.“Oh, don’t be so shy! We couldn’t sleep the whole night, so you two at least owe us a story!”“A story?” The elven Warden looked at her sternly, gobbling his porridge in a terrifying pace. “How about: once upon a time there was this terribly annoying Orlesian bard, who made her companion angry enough to drown her in a pot of porridge. It was a sad accident, really, because the poor elf had to spend whole day hungry.”Leliana scoffed, but Zevran raised one brow. It might not be the best execution, but considering how sheepish Tavaris was mere minutes ago…“Whoa! Threats, really? I had no idea you had it in you!” He chuckled, and used the moment when the young Warden was standing up to get another portion, to pull him closer and kiss deeply.“You are making me hungry for more already,” he said in the luring tone, enjoying the Warden’s flustered expression.He had to admit, however, that awkward as he was, the Dalish didn’t try to run away from his kiss, returning it gingerly.“Do you have to do it with all of them watching?” He asked only, eyes fixed on the ground, as he finally reached to the pot.“No, I don’t have,” admitted Zevran, with a crooked smile. “But, you see, I enjoy making Alistair squirm.” He pointed with his chin at the second Warden, who, indeed, was looking even more uncomfortable than Tavaris. The human seemed to try to drown himself in his own bowl, as he was holding it mere centimetres from his face, even redder than the young elf’s.Leliana was watching them with a delighted expression, looking like she was going to ask for more demonstrations, and Morrigan was peeking over her tea, trying to look uninterested. Thushel had finished breakfast and came to the hunter, short tail wiggling.  The Warden smiled widely, and petted the wide head.“Who’s the good boy?” He chimed, scratching mabari’s ear. The dog looked at him smartly, then paced to Zevran, giving the assassin a wet lick at the hand.Leliana giggled insanely, while Zevran scrunched his nose in disgust. He never understand Fereldans and their dogs — or the Dalish and all their critters.“May I ask you to tell your dog not to drool at me anymore?” He asked, standing up to wash his hand.Tavaris smiled timidly.“I’ll try to convince him,” he promised. “But he likes you. And, apparently thinks that you're 'a good boy'”“I’d like him much better if I didn’t have to wash myself after him. And I'm going to be gracious and pretend that I haven't heard that last part.” Zevran scowled at the dog, who was now sitting with his head down, whimpering sadly. The sight was pitiful enough for the elf to relent.“All right, let’s make a deal. I will scratch him sometimes, but he can’t lick me,” he felt ridiculous giving that offer, but these beasts were said to be incredibly intelligent, after all. Maybe he wasn’t making a complete fool of himself.The short tail rattled at the ground.“I guess it’s settled then?” Tavaris looked from his dog to his lover with a hesitant expression. Zevran smiled, giving him a suggestive look.“Oh, it is… But I’m going to need some gratification from you for that.”Leliana snorted again, Alistair growled and pulled his bowl even closer, Morrigan raised her brows, and Tavaris blushed, fixing his eyes on the ground.“Have you already finished your mating rituals, elves?” Asked the deep voice of the qunari above them. Sten wasn’t amused.Under the disapproving look of the qunari the Wardens made a quick job of the rest of the porridge. Despite his earlier embarrassment, Mahariel soon remembered his role and task, ordering them quickly over the bowl. The way he gestured with his spoon was rather cute, though, Zevran noted, even if the hunter was back to his Warden persona.“The main camp will stay here,” he decided. “I will take Morrigan...” he hesitated for a second, ”Sten and Zevran into the forest. Unless any of you is against that?” He waited for a moment for protest that didn’t come then proceeded.“We’ll scout the area, see what’s really going on here. We might spend night in the forest, so gather what you need. The rest of you,” he looked pointedly at Leliana and Alistair, “keep civilized. Relationships with shemlen are a powerful taboo, so tread lightly. We don’t want them to think that any of you is making any moves, and they might be oversensitive in that matter, especially when I won't be around to explain. Absolutely don’t try to approach any children.” He pointed at his face. “Note that everyone without the vallasin is a child, even if they look rather grown-up to you. Remember to treat the statues of the Creators with respect…”The list went on and on, most of it being a rehash from the previous evening, and Zevran went to pack necessities, getting bored already.It was astounding, he decided, filling an additional wineskin with a strong spirit, how fast the Warden was able to switch between the shy lover and a collected leader. He hoped quietly that he will have more occasions to see that; he really enjoyed last night. And judging by the slight blush that crawled on the hunter’s neck every time their eyes met — Tavaris enjoyed it too. 



Baths and Bites
Chapter Notes
22th May 2017:Since this chapter is crazy long and the edits took me way longer than I planned, I will not update tomorrow, and maybe the day after. I just need to catch up.



Zevran was sure that they’d leave as soon as Tavaris was finished with the long list of do’s and don’ts. He didn’t expect to feel a narrow hand on his shoulder as he was trying to decide if taking the blanket was worth the effort. And he definitely didn’t expect to see the young man standing behind him, slightly flustered, with his eyes trained on the ground.
“May I help you, querido?” He asked his lover quietly — because that, without any doubt, was his lover from the previous night looking like he could bolt any second — not the calm leader of their party who ordered them around short while ago. Zevran started to separate the personas in his mind.
Tavaris raised his head, blushing wildly, and tugged on his long, ridiculous ponytail.
“I was wondering… If you could help me with braiding it,” he murmured hesitantly, biting at his lip and observing him with a wariness of a wild animal. “I can of course do that myself,” he added quickly. “But it usually holds longer if someone does it for me. And you seemed to like it…” The last sentence he almost whispered, fixing his eyes on the ground again.
Zevran usually avoided overt tenderness outside of sex or anything that could be read as a romance thing; but in this particular case making their affair into a casual relationship could be actually beneficial, so he tugged the younger man lower, placing a teasing kiss on his lips.
“It would me my pleasure,” he answered with a charming smirk. He did like that hair and there was this hope that doing couple-y things would keep Tavaris interested and more inclined to heed Zevran’s advice.
The hunter opened his eyes wide, startled, as if he was expecting refusal.
“Really?” He asked in shock, and stiffened, probably annoyed with his own reaction. Zevran smiled, slightly amused.
“Really. Come here.”
Tavaris turned his back to him, reluctantly handing him an ornate comb made of horn. It looked as if it could be his most valuable possession apart of the fighting gear.
The Ativian smiled lightly, seeing the tense posture of his lover, as he untied his golden mane.
“Don’t worry, querido. I won’t bite...” He run his fingers along the long hair, kissing the tip of the Dalish’s ear and whispered lasciviously: “At least, not right now.”
The young elf shivered, but relaxed, letting Zevran work the comb through his hair. The assassin had to admit: he shamelessly enjoyed that. Tav’s hair was still tangled a bit after their lovemaking, but it was amazingly soft and sleek. The Antivan hadn’t had a clue, how the hunter managed to keep it in such perfect condition, living as he lived: always on the move and definitely without too much spare time to groom it. He had seen many high born ladies, spending their whole lives on getting pampered, and he rarely saw the hair so beautiful.
Must’ve been some dalish magic, without a doubt.
Tavaris loosened under his touch, throwing his head back and closing his eyes, clearly enjoying the brushing. It was rather pleasant to see him like that, though the professional part of Zevran’s mind moaned with despair, seeing as easily the Warden exposed himself. He made a mental note of keeping an eye on everyone Tavaris would allow in his close proximity. He needed him to survive, and besides, it would be a real shame to see this very sensitive throat slit.
“It’s all nice and fun and I love embarrassing Alistair, but, as the priestess famously said to the handsome actor,” the assassin said, covering his hesitance with a jest “What now? I don’t want to impose anything on you.” He hoped that the fact that Tavaris came to him with his request meant that he wanted to continue their affair; it would be definitely easier to guard the man if he shared the bed with him.
“Impose?” The young elf asked, leaning to his touch, as he run the comb through his hair.
“About the last night? Because, as I told you. This thing,” he gestured between them with the comb, “is about a pleasure. Not promises or expectations. But then, I have to know, if you want us to continue, or consider it one-time thing.”
“And what do you want?” Tavaris’ voice was suspiciously weak.
“It entirely depends on you, querido,” Zevran answered graciously. “I won’t lie, I deeply enjoyed last night. But then, I won’t say a word, if you don’t want to repeat it.” But please, please, make my life easier, he added in his mind.
The hunter sighed deeply and didn’t say a word for a while. Zevran started to resign himself to idea that this was the only night they had together. He… could work around that.
Eventually, Tavaris flexed his neck slightly to look at him, mischievous glint in his eyes.
“Do I look like I was running away? I don’t let just anyone to touch my hair, you know.”
Zevran raised his brow - he hoped for this sort of answer, but wasn’t really expecting this kind of look from the younger elf. But then, last night he proved to be perfectly capable of showing some roguishness as soon as he gained some confidence.
He smiled lightly and kissed Tavaris’ jaw.
“Then I’ll be happy to keep you company, as long as you’ll have me.”
Finally he handed the comb back to the hunter, gathering the man’s hair in his hands. Not only was it long, but also unusually thick for a hair so lengthy. He didn’t hurry, plaiting the braid carefully, gently tugging on wisps to ensure there wouldn’t be too much stray hair. And he unashamedly luxuriated in the soft feel of the long strands in his hands. When he finished, it almost felt disappointing.
“I’d love to do it more often,” he told the hunter as he tied the end of the long braid. "Last time I held anything so silky it was after one very successful mission, years ago. That brings good memories.”
Tav’s eyes flashed briefly.
“I’d like that,” he admitted. “The last person that did it for me was Tamlen. I didn’t really think that I’d be able to ask someone else… but you do it differently.”
Zevran run his fingers along the long braid, slid it over the hunter’s shoulder and kissed the crook of his neck, hoping that the hunter would read it for what it was — a promise of many wonderful nights to follow.
“Anytime you wish, querido,” he promised.
Morrigan cleared her throat over them, annoyed. “I see I must repeat Sten’s question,” she said, rolling her eyes. “Are you finished? I believe you wanted to enter the forest before the nightfall, Warden.”
The young elf in Zevran’s arms tensed and the assassin let him go, sensing that Mahariel was the leader again, not the lover.
“Take the blanket, Zevran,” he ordered, without looking at him. “It would be definitely too cold for you if we spend the night in the forest. Just pack it tightly.”
The assassin raised his brows, slightly startled by the cold, business-like tone, but he folded the blanked and rolled it into a small bundle. He probably shouldn’t be so surprised. As far as he observed, Tavaris was only able to be the Warden or the gentle companion at one time; it probably had something to do with his insecurities.
As soon as he was finished with the blanket, Tav snatched it straight from his hands and tossed to Sten.
“Take it please. It won’t restrict your movements as much as Zevran’s or mine.” He fixed a quiver at his hip, checked his daggers and stringed his bow in quick, effective moves. Finally he fastened his cloak under his neck and looked pointedly at the assassin, who considered himself fairly prepared.
“Cloak, Zev,” he commanded quietly. “You will be sorry if you leave it.”
Tough the assassin knew that Tavaris was probably right, he didn’t really enjoy being the only one ordered around like a child.
“I’m not a forest person, Warden,” he said, scoffing lightly. “Maybe you should take Leliana with you.”
The Dalish shook his head slightly.
“I wont force you, Zevran, if you really don’t want to come. But I don’t need a second archer. I need you,” he answered calmly. “Besides, I don’t think Leliana is much better suited for that. Orlesian courts are not overly… foresty, I believe.” He smiled, but the smile was as forced as the joke. The bard laughed quietly; Arainai suspected she noticed the Warden's effort and decided to play along. It wasn’t so funny.
“I believe you’re right, Tavaris. Forest mulch doesn’t really agree with shoes.”
Zevran rolled his eyes.
“So it would be my boots ruined, then?” He grumped. Tavaris sighed quietly.
“Your boots will be fine. And, besides, I need you at my back.”
This time it was Alistair’s turn to protest.
“Assassin, Tav,” he said, carefully pronouncing his words. “The ass-sass-sin. Hired to kill you, you know. Not a good person to turn your back to. I'll go instead.”
The hunter clenched his jaw, something very dangerous flashing in his eyes. Here he is, thought Zevran. Here’s the man who fought his way out of the Crow’s trap.
“For your information, Alistair, I’ve spend a better part of the night with my back completely exposed to the said assassin,” he answered. His tone was still calm, but now there was an edge to it, which with slightly flared nostrils and the hard look gave him rather threatening aura.
Zevran was amazed. A short while ago Tavaris was too bewildered to face some friendly teasing and now he unabashedly threw their shared night in the faces of their companions. He observed similar transformations of the boy before, but this time he seemed much more uncomfortable than usual before he snapped into the role of the Warden.
Alistair growled quietly.
“And that just proves my point!” He said, throwing his arms wide. “You’ve became reckless!”
Tavaris narrowed his eyes at the fellow Warden.
“It was you who decided that I’m in command here. So now — either fall in line, or  go to Orlais to fetch someone else,” he drawled. “I won’t have my authority undermined. Surely not by a man who decided he’s too gutless to take the responsibility that by all the rules should be his.”
Alistair made a face as if Mahariel punched him in the gut. The rest of their companions betrayed different levels of surprise. Even Sten raised one of his brows in a minuscule expression of wonder.
Zevran… Zevran, on the other hand, discovered that he suddenly had to deal with a very inconvenient arousal. Apparently, Mahariel putting humans in their place did things to him.
“Zevran, Morrigan, Sten — we’re going,” barked the elf in question, turning his back to the campfire. “And Zevran: take this cursed cloak.”
The assassin didn’t argue anymore, snatching the garment from his bedroll and hurried after the rest of their party.
The young ranger dictated rather fast pace as he led them in silence into the forest. He opened his mouth once, to briefly greet the hunters keeping watch, as they passed by, then turned to a narrow path, leading them deeper between the trees.
He seemed to know this place — but then his clan probably camped there sometimes. The stone statues scattered around suggested that it was a rather permanent location for Dalish camps.
After about a half an hour of walking in complete silence, the assassin sighed quietly. The ranger was still angry, judging by the set of his jaw and steely gaze, and Zevran started to feel guilty.
“I’m sorry, Tavaris,” he said quietly. “This fight at the camp… it was my fault.”
The hunter looked at him — his expression was severe at first, but then warmth slowly returned to his eyes, as he processed the Antivan’s words.
“You don’t have to apologize, Zevran. It was Alistair’s fault, not yours,” he answered gently, then furrowed his brow again. “He should start keeping his prejudices to himself.”
“I wouldn’t really call it ‘prejudice’, considering my profession,” Zevran quipped. “I don’t blame him for being cautious — in fact I’d advise you to try this idea out for yourself. As it happens, I have much more reasons to keep you alive and in good health than otherwise. But it wouldn’t be the case with everyone.”
Mahariel smiled briefly.
“So you’ve told me. But I’m not some pampered shem princess who needs army of people looking after them. I’m perfectly capable of keeping myself safe. I would just appreciate if you’d warn me of any potential poisons in my food; that I could miss.” He looked at Zevran with a slight smile.
The assassin thought about the previous night and absolutely un-princessy parts of Tav’s anatomy.
“No, you're most definitely not a princess,” he agreed with a smug smile, not even trying to hide lustfulness in his voice or the wanton look in his eyes. What could he say, he liked what he saw in Tav’s tent. Much to his amusement he heard Morrigan sigh theatrically.
Tips of Tav’s ears reddened deliciously and the hunter shoot him a sheepish look.
“Not now, please,” he pleaded, but Zevran was happy to see that he was much less nervous than in the morning. The Antivan grinned.
“Fine, I’ll stop. For one kiss.” He wasn’t even sure what came over him. It wasn’t like it could count as a foreplay or anything… But to Pit with that, he decided he needed to bond with the younger man. So he was bonding. And having some fun.
“Oh, wonderful,” Morrigan sneered, rolling her eyes. “Please, don’t restrain yourselves on our behalf. We would love to see you two dry-humping under a tree.”
Tavaris’ face turned red in an instant. Zevran just smiled at her, conjuring the most lascivious expression he could muster.
“Oh, thank you for the offer, my dear,” he answered. “We might just do that, if you insist. Care to join?”
“I believe I already told you that I’m more inclined to stab you in the face…”
“Zevran, a kiss,” Tavaris interrupted desperately. “And you stop.”
“And here it started to become interesting…” The assassin laughed sliding his arm around the hunter’s slim waist and pulling him close. His young lover’s body was trembling, as Arainai wrapped the long braid around his hand, cradling his head and leaning down into a kiss. He wasn’t sure if it was anticipation or the nerves — but still, as soon as his mouth touched Tavaris’, the ranger’s lips parted obediently, inviting him in. He still tasted spicy, Zevran noticed with a genuine pleasure, as he kissed him slowly, sensually and decisively, his tongue invading the smooth wetness of Tav’s mouth, and promising more in a due time. The hunter whimpered quietly, his arms embracing Zevran’s neck, the long bow in his hand bobbing lightly against assassin’s back and ruffling his hair. Soon, the young man melted against him and it seemed that the only thing that kept him standing was Zevran’s embrace.
Finally the assassin pulled away, wishing he could steal the Warden into the privacy of his tent — the kiss made him more worked up than he expected. The ranger sighed loudly, giving him heavy-lidded, lustful look, and taking a few moments to gather his wits again.
“Now, can we be professional?” He asked, taking a deep breath and gesturing for their party to move. The assassin restrained himself before he made another lewd comment, and nodded, still with self-satisfied smirk.
“Assuming you’re finished…?” Morrigan answered instead.
Fortunately — they were. Mahariel’s taste was still lingering on Zevran’s lips, when a group of werewolves emerged from the thick cluster of trees. In a blink of an eye Tav’s bow was strung, an arrow ready. The hunter was impossibly fast — Zevran just managed to get his own daggers into his hands, when the Dalish was already aiming at the biggest beast. Nocking an arrow and then aiming usually needed much more time than sliding the daggers from their sheaths on his forearms.
Much to their surprise, the beast stopped few meters ahead, narrowing it’s eyes at them.
“You’re not Dalish,” it growled at Sten and Morrigan. “Go away. We want only the elves.”
Zevran raised his brow incredulously. The werewolf looked at him again, apparently noticing the lack of vallasin.
“Dalish elves. You can run too, city flat-ear.”
“Well, Zathrian hasn’t told me, that he had a problem with talking werewolves,” Tavariel observed lightly, his bow still trained at the biggest beast. At the mention of the Keeper’s name the monster bared his teeth, growling.
“I’m sorry, but I’m afraid we come as a double deal,” Zevran smiled coldly, stepping forward to shield the archer. On his right Sten was doing the same.
“Don’t let them bite you,” Mahariel warned quietly.
“Fine, you can die too.” The werewolf shrugged indifferently and then jumped suddenly in Tav’s direction.
The damned thing was bigger than Sten, Zevran noticed nervously, launching himself at the closest beast, aiming at its hamstrings. Over his head he heard the arrows whizzing in a rapid succession and the loud sound of Morrigan’s ice missiles hitting their marks. The werewolf aimed its clawed paw at Zevran, and the assassin rolled to the side, barely escaping the blow that would probably tear him in half. Before he even managed to rise to his feet, the creature gave a pained howl, its paw pinned to its abdomen with a dark-feathered arrow. The next missile came almost immediately, piercing the monster’s eye.
Zevran looked around, searching for another foe, but out of the six beasts, four lay dead around them and the two remaining scurried back into the deep forest, clearly wounded.
Tavaris scowled, looking after the escaping beasts.
“One of these took an enchanted arrow with it. I hate losing them.” He looked around, checking his companions. “You all alright?” He asked, but despite the fact that the question was addressed to everyone, he approached Zevran with a wary expression.
The assassin brushed him off.
“Not even a scratch,” he said. Tavaris let out loud breath.
“I’m glad. That was close.”
“Are you going to make calf’s eyes on each other again?” Morrigan scowled. Mahariel shoot her an annoyed look.
“If I saw you disappearing under a paw this size, I would be worried about you. So please, shut up and help me collect my arrows.”
He went to the corpse of the beast that almost sliced Zevran and pulled the dark arrow out, studying it carefully. He cursed and threw it on the grass.
“Fenedhis, the shaft is bent. That’s what you get for angry shooting.” He murmured, moving to collect the remaining arrows.
“What do you mean, ‘angry shooting’?” Zevran asked neutrally, picking up the discarded arrow. It looked normal to him, except it’s colouring — different than most of the arrows in the ranger's quiver — but under his fingertips he felt an odd throbbing. Seemingly it was one of those enchanted ones. Tavaris shrugged.
“Never mind.”
Out of eight arrows Tavaris found, he took six, examining each one carefully. Morrigan was leaning on her staff and yawning, Sten — surprisingly — decided to help in the gathering.
“You could be honoured among the Antaam,” declared the Qunari, looking at the bodies sprawled around. Zevran got a closer look, discovering that while all of the bodies bore marks of different weapons, most of the mortal wounds were caused by arrows. Tavaris smiled smugly, wiping the reclaimed missiles with a cloth he kept in a quiver.
“I’m fine where I am, Sten, but thank you.”
While it was hard to tell what the Qunari really meant, it was surely a praise and it was well-earned, Zevran thought, observing the short archer as it became his habit lately. It was also true, that Tavaris was fine where he was. He finally seemed relaxed, smiling and confident as he worked. It could be the forest, it could be the new Dalish armour, made of thickly woven leather straps that he wore — and which fit him like a glove. It was only now that Zevran realized how awkward and ill-fitting was the clothing Mahariel used to wear before.
Soon the arrows were cleaned and back in the quiver, and the hunter was leading them further into the deep forest. At the end of a day, after several encounters with werewolves — none of which talked — two with darkspawn, a fight with an enormous bear and a clash with crazy, moving trees, Zevran had enough. Especially that their brave leader made them turn back twice, dragging unconscious Dalish hunters back to the camp and then doubling back to whichever part of the forest they found them in. That roused some grumbling from Morrigan, who complained about bleeding hearts and terrible waste of time. While Zevran agreed with her wholeheartedly, he kept his opinions to himself, especially after Mahariel snapped and launched into a long-winded lecture about the Dalish, community and ‘common decency’, almost attracting another ogre.
After all that, when Tavaris  finally decreed it was time to make camp, the assassin just half fell-half sat under a tree, hating fiercely all the forests in the world. Especially the ones with superabundance of walking, talking, rhyming trees. He wanted nothing more than to get back and crawl into his tent — he didn’t even dare to dream about an inn and a hot bath — but apparently that wasn’t going to happen.
When they discovered the magic barrier that was impenetrable even to Morrigan, Tavaris cheerily informed them that they will find a way to bypass it. And most surprisingly — he found a solution… Of course it one was to believe a rhyming oak. But then, Mahariel seemed to be inclined to, he announced that tomorrow they are going to search for the dumb Oak’s acorn and that there was no use in getting back to the main camp tonight.
That was a fool’s errand if he ever heard of one, Zevran thought, swatting with disgust another mosquito from his tight. It seemed like all the bugs in the area came to to check if Antivans tasted any different than Fereldans.
“Zevran, make the fire, please,” came the quiet command from where Tavaris was seated, scrapping the bear pelt with a dagger. Morrigan was busy with tending to a head wound Sten had received during the fight with sylvans, and on the side lay a chunk of bear meat, waiting to be roasted.
Zevran flexed, frowned and slowly stood up, looking at the trees with deep disdain.
“I would really appreciate if you needed me in more civilized surroundings in the future,” he said, scrunching his nose. “Of course, if I’m even going to survive till morning. This place is a nightmare. And of course, my boots are ruined.”
The young elf raised his head and looked at him with a slight amusement.
“Don’t whine, Zev. You’re not even scratched,” he said with a smirk. “You’ll live.”
“I’m not sure,” the assassin announced grimly, killing another mosquito that decided that an exotic elf is the best possible treat available. “I’m going to get eaten alive during the night.”
Tavaris chuckled and his voice softened almost instantly, even if there was still a playful quality in it.
“I might be able to help you with that. But first: the fire. It’s almost too dark to search for the kindling and I don’t want my dinner raw.” He gestured at the meat.
Zevran begrudgingly headed into the forest, which seemed much more ominous than it had in the morning. He was never a big amateur of wilderness, or woodlands in particular and that was even before he learnt that there were places in which the trees themselves were out to kill an unfortunate adventurer. Now his mild dislike turned into a seething hatred. He wasn’t also ashamed to admit that he was simply afraid. Without Mahariel and Morrigan, who both seemed to have additional senses that made them see the invisible in this hellscape, he felt awfully exposed and defenceless. He knew that Tav scouted the area before deciding on camping spot and that Morrigan probably checked it in her own way. That didn’t change the fact that he jumped at the slightest sound, fully expecting the twigs he gathered to turn bloodthirsty without any warning.
He had to make several rounds, but when he was finished, the fire was already blazing and the meat roasting.
“You seem tense,” Tavaris observed, looking annoyingly carefree on his spread cloak. He patted the free space next to him, inviting the assassin to take a seat. “We were discussing watches. I want you to take first one.”
Zevran felt he was treated like a spoilt kid… But for once he didn’t mind.
“If you’re expecting me to object, you might be disappointed,” he answered stiffly as he sat down, still distressed by the very fact he was in the middle of the Brecilian forest where trees walked and werewolves talked. Tavaris smiled gently, but Morrigan scoffed.
“Not a big surprise here,” she commented. “Don’t worry, I’m going to place wards before going to sleep, in case something big and bad came from the forest to eat you.”
Tavaris rolled his eyes.
“Morrigan, give him a break. Not everyone was raised like you or me. I remember you complaining for a week about sleeping in the inn in Lothering.”
“There were fleas!” She retorted angrily, but lowered her gaze. “Fine, fine. Just try to not comfort him too loudly. I’d like to spend the night without attracting every hungry beast in Brecilian.”
Tav’s lips clasped into a thin line, his cheerful demeanour suddenly gone.
“Try to not burn our dinner,” he snapped, rising on his feet and searching for something in his meagre bag. He produced a small jar and a light satchel and nodded at the assassin.
“Would you come to the stream with me?” He asked, his hard expression slowly melting into a shy smile again. “I’ve promised you something.”
The witch groaned in disgust… and it might have been a play of light, but Zevran was almost sure he saw a mischievous spark in his lover’s eyes.
He picked the bait, rising on his feet. He wasn’t enthusiastic about leaving the circle of fire, but then, with Tavaris at his back it could even be nice… Depending on what the younger man planned.
“I couldn’t possibly pass on such delicious offer,” he smiled at Tavaris lasciviously— even if the expression was more studied than heartfelt — noting with a satisfaction Morrigan’s deeply annoyed face.
He was torn about the fact that Tav took his bow and quiver with him. Sure, he had taken his own blades — he wouldn’t be caught without a weapon here, but if the hunter decided he couldn’t part with his arms, Zevran couldn’t possibly feel safe.
The younger man led him along the almost invisible path down the stream, rather a long way from their camp. The darkness was falling fast and the assassin found himself on a verge of panic, before they reached their destination. Somewhere along the way Tavaris took his hand and squeezed gently.
“We really need water, Zev, if I’m going to save you from being eaten by monster mosquitoes,” he smiled.
The assassin frowned.
“You too?” He asked, slightly annoyed. “It’s not my fault I’ve been raised in a more civilized place.”
Tavaris chuckled, and stood on his toes to kiss him quickly. Zevran, startled, managed only to put his arm around the hunter’s waist.
“I’m just trying to distract you. You are tense like a bowstring.”
“Maybe it’s because we’re in the middle of the famously dangerous forest, and I wouldn’t even be able to find the way to the camp back, were I alone?”
“You aren’t,” Tavaris said with a smile, cupping Zevran’s cheek tenderly and kissed him again, slowly and gently, nibbling on his lower lip. Despite the surroundings, Zevran felt his cock stir and pulled the smaller man closer, parting his mouth with his tongue, enjoying the sensation.
“I really like that,” Tavaris purred, when they drew apart. “Kissing you, I mean. But we are almost there.”
He took his hand and pulled him between thick bushes which — surprise — hid another path. Just as they stepped clear of them, they found themselves on a tiny beach located on a bend of the stream.
The moon shone bright already, making the place almost as light as if it was a day. Tavaris laid his bow and quiver carefully on the huge stone near the stream and started to undress quickly, laying his clothes and armour in a neat pile by the stone. Zevran looked at him disbelievingly.
The view was wonderful, he had to admit, looking at the lean lines of the hunter’s body, but he wasn’t sure if he felt like taking off his armor in the middle of this forest. Tavaris looked at him amused.
“What are you waiting for?” He asked with a slight smile. “I can’t save you from the mosquitoes if you are clothed.”
“In my experience they usually have much more problems with a leather cuirass than with my own skin,” Zevran grumbled, looking once again at the black wall of trees behind him.
Tavaris smirked, waiting for him with hands on his hips. Considering that he lost his virginity just a night before he was astonishingly relaxed naked - but then, it was probably a Dalish thing. Zevran remembered vaguely some naked group bathing from that brief time when he escaped, but connected it rather with children. Never mind the reason — now he found it rather interesting, even if he had trouble forgetting about the haunting forest around.
“Don’t worry, ma’nehn,” Tavaris called out from the water. “There’s a gurgut nest downstream and the bogfishers are getting out to feed up the river. We’ll at least be warned if anything approached.”
“Is that supposed to calm me down?” Zevran asked incredulously. He had no idea what bogfishers were, but he remembered gurguts to be rather unpleasant beasts. Tavaris just laughed, diving in the stream and splashing around with joy.
Finally the assassin decided that he preferred to join the hunter than wait for forest beasts on the bank and started to slowly strip off his armour. His young lover watched him with a smile and soon his neutral “watching” evolved into shameless ogling. Zevran smirked. That actually took some edge of his nerves.
“So, here I am, completely naked,” he declared, turning to Tavaris with a lewd smile. The Dalish blushed a bit and bit his lower lip.
“You are beautiful, you know?” The younger elf looked at him intensely, swallowing as he approached. Now, that they were naked, nothing could hide his interest.
Zevran smiled.
“So I’ve been told,” he answered, pulling Tavaris into an embrace. The Dalish breathed loudly as their bodies met, already half-aroused just from looking. Zevran cupped his chin and kissed him deeply, feeling both of them stiffen. “But you are rather fetching yourself,” he murmured, looking deep into the grey eyes. Tavaris blushed and Zevran pressed his tight between the hunter’s legs, which earned him a sharp gasp. The assassin smiled wolfishly and run the tip of his tongue along the Dalish’s ear, feeling sleek hands clasping on his arms, as the younger elf shivered.
“Zevran… Water, now,” the Warden whispered, voice already rough. “The salve isn’t going to apply itself, and we have to be back before Morrigan decides to put her wards on.”
“And here I thought that you took me away to do lots of indecent things to me,” he murmured, grazing the hunter’s jaw gently with his teeth before parting, then with a disappointed sigh let him go.
Tavaris shuddered, eyes darkened with arousal. A quite remarkable one, even in Zevran’s experienced eyes.
“Later maybe?” He offered shyly. “I’m not really averse to the idea.” He smiled sheepishly, guiding Zevran to the water.
“I hope so, querido.” The assassin agreed without much joy.
The water wasn’t really cold, but it was much brisker than Zevran cared for. His young lover was, however, adamant.
“The nissane salve spreads the best on the wet skin,” he explained, as the assassin protested loudly. “And, besides, the water isn’t so bad.”
The stream was here deep enough to swim, and so, after forcing Zevran to rinse himself, Tavaris dived enthusiastically and emerged over a dozen yards further, splashing like a young otter. Zevran rolled his eyes and swam in his direction, trying to keep a miffed expression; but then, the hunter’s joy was so pure that the older elf couldn’t really hold it against him.
“Someone has told me that we should hurry,” he said, smirking, as he reached the Dalish. Tavaris looked at him guiltily.
“Yes… But I haven’t really swum since I’ve been taken by Grey Wardens… I just couldn’t resist.”
Zevran wished he could be annoyed — not only they were in the middle of completely unnerving forest, but he was also rejected, despite being already worked up — just because his lover preferred a swim. But then, Tav’s glee was contagious, so he just splashed water on the boy’s face, with a lopsided smile.
“I must be losing my edge if you prefer swimming to my company.”
The hunter bit his lip. “I wouldn’t enjoy this half as much if it weren’t for your company,” he confessed timidly. Zevran smirked, reaching for the Warden’s cheek and stroking it gently.
“But you know, that my assets are best used somewhere where we can at least stand?”
Tav looked at him with a coy expression.
“So how about that: we get the salve now, and then you’ll show me these assets?”
Arainai gave him a devious grin.
“I’m game.”
They raced to the shore, but Tavaris swam like an otter — and while Zevran could swim well enough, he was no match to the Dalish ranger. As he reached their destination, Mahariel was already leaning against the stone on which he left his weapon, grinning madly.
“One could think, that there’s no water in Antiva, judging by your swimming,” he teased. The assassin laughed quietly, looking at the Warden sprawled against the rock with delight.
“Oh, we just prefer it hot in a tub, my dear wild thing,” he answered, wringing the water from his hair, as he approached.
Tavaris’ wet body glimmered in the moonshine, the soft light emphasizing strong, wiry muscles of the Warden. Mahariel was small, but also really shapely and proportional; the powerful build of his arms and shoulders, rock-hard abdomen and athletic lines of his legs showed clearly that he was no weakling, despite his petite frame. Zevran saw this earlier, but until now he hadn’t really had an opportunity to watch him like that — the tent, in which they made love previous night was simply too small to allow him this kind of completely uninterrupted observation. The Warden’s cock — which he studied earlier rather devoutly — while not extremely big, was one of the few parts of the small elf that couldn’t been really described as tiny; and it definitely bulged when Zevran came closer.
Quite a catch, the Antivan decided, kneeling over his young lover and kissing briefly his lips.
“You like what you see?” Tavaris asked with a self-satisfied smile.
The assassin chuckled.
“My, my, someone got cocky,” he answered tracing his fingers along tattoos on Mahariel’s sides. The young elf gasped, biting his lip and pulled Zevran into a passionate kiss — which was probably a little less refined than the assassin would like, but very, very enthusiastic.
The boy reached for the jar, sitting nearby on the ground, and opened it, without breaking the kiss. In mere moments Zevran felt a warm touch on his chest, as the Warden spread the salve. The aroma was familiar — after a few seconds the assassin realized, that it was the same smell, albeit much stronger, that filled the Warden’s tent and lingered on his skin constantly. He caught a breath and then moved his mouth down, along the hunter’s throat, making the young elf gasp. Despite the distraction, Tavaris didn’t falter, methodically applying the salve wherever he could reach, with soft, tender strokes.
When Zevran traced his tongue around  Warden’s stiff nipple, however, his young lover moaned and pushed him away.
“Fenedhis, Zevran!” He breathed heavily. “Please, let’s apply the salve, and then you can do whatever you want with me, Morrigan’s wards be damned.”
The assassin moved away a bit and leered at his lover.
“You realize, I’m going to hold you to that?” He asked with a smirk.
Tavaris sighed loudly, propping himself on his elbows.
“I’m rather counting on it,” he admitted with a slight smile.
Zevran gave his partner a lopsided smile, pulling him up and reaching for the jar.
“Let’s get over with it quickly, then,” he said kissing Tavaris briefly and swiftly massaging the salve into his skin.
It didn’t take long after that. Soon both of them were slightly sticky with the ointment, and while they were waiting for it to dry off, they slowly returned to interrupted activities. Tavaris was already writhing under Zevran’s touch, panting heavily and almost begging for more, when he stiffened suddenly. Zevran looked at him from between his tights, concerned.
“What’s wrong, querido?” He asked, freezing in place.
The Warden opened his eyes with a frenzied look.
“Darkspawn,” he whispered. “Getting close, fast.”
They scrambled quickly for their clothes and weapons. They were too late. Tavaris was still slipping into his woven cuirass, the leather leg protectors laying close on the ground, and Zevran was trying to buckle his own chest piece, his boots still on the ground, when first genlock rushed to the clearing. The Warden grabbed his bow and send an arrow — not into the darkspawn, but high in the air, where it suddenly caught brightly burning flame.
“There’s too much of them, run!” He ordered Zevran, grabbing his arm and pushing him through the bushes they passed when they came there. The assassin saw only two genlocks before his lover nudged him into shrubs, but the ranger’s touch was unrelenting.
The escape was difficult. The forest was pitch-black and the assassin discovered that he had to rely on the hunter’s senses. Without the sleek arm guiding him, he would break a leg as soon as they started to run. The threat was significant enough that he considered tapping into the skills he kept hidden from his company so far, but that was, unfortunately out of the question, as long as nobody around him was hurt.
Somehow, despite complete darkness and the assassin clinging to him desperately, the Warden managed to send a few arrows behind them, and from the sounds and the pull of the tainted blood on his strained senses the Antivan deduced that at least some of them found their targets. Still, the pursuit was closing on them, and Zevran started to reach out for the blood he could feel gushing from the wounds somewhere behind him; the loud steps and roaring suggested that the party was indeed a sizable one. When he discovered in despair that he couldn’t get a good grasp on the substance that was more Taint and ichor than proper blood,  he saw the light of the campfire through the trees.
Mahariel saw it too, and pushed Zevran forward with new desperation, sending his few remaining arrows into the chasing band.
They run into the clearing, panting heavily, almost falling into the fire.
“Morrigan, wards!” Tavaris wheezed, slumping on his knees.
The witch raised her staff, which glowed brightly, and suddenly the area around their little camp shone with thousands of magic symbols. The chasing darkspawn bounced of the invisible wall, and Zevran suddenly felt dizzy at the sight of an ogre roaring behind the ring of wards. Tavaris looked at him, pale as a corpse and shuddered.
Morrigan, her staff down, glared at them with disdain, taking in their dishevelled appearance.
“Oh, don’t tell me that they caught you with your pants down,” she admonished. “That’s something, even for you.”
Tavaris shoot Zevran a desperate glance.
“We won’t hear the end of it, will we?” He groaned.
 
 
The darkspawn paced around them for a long time. Few hours they spent observing the creatures, and when the lights of the wards burned down, Morrigan declared that the creatures could no longer see their party. Some of them left soon enough, but some lingered longer, sniffing like they could smell them despite their cloak. Finally Tavaris sighed.
“They must feel me, Morrigan. I still feel their presence around us. Is there any way to hide me?”
The witch glared at him.
“To hide you I would have to exhaust myself so much that you’d have to carry me tomorrow. And I believe that you will need me — first, to retrieve what is left of your equipment, then most probably to cut our way back to the main camp because you couldn’t keep your pants on your arses.”
Tavaris scoffed.
“We went to wash ourselves. Usually it requires taking off the clothes.”
“Usually when on hostile territory one should get their priorities straight. You should have waited with that until we return.” Sten wasn’t too talkative or prone to emotions, but this time he seemed to be angry too.
“You wouldn’t die from some sweat. But you most definitely could die from your washing.” The witch’s grimace showed clearly that she wasn’t fooled by Warden’s declarations of their innocent motivation. Zevran sighed, deciding that he had to come to his lover’s aid.
“I could perfectly well die. Tavaris shared with me some salve protecting from insects. You’ll never know what could bite me during the night without it.”
“You won’t find so poisonous insect in these parts,” she commented tartly. “They are more of an annoyance; and besides, you could do it before we left for the deep forest. You’ve spend long enough on fussing over Tavaris’ hair. You could have find time for applying a salve.”
“I needed it in order,” Tav answered wearily, tugging at his braid in a irrationally protective gesture.
Both the elves knew that they were responsible for their current situation, and Zevran saw that this awareness gnawed on his lover deeply, but they had also enough of the glares and silent accusations.
“Morrigan, will your wards hold till morning?” Asked the Warden. Morrigan grimaced.
“They will hold at least two days, provided that no one will leave the circle.”
“Great. In this case we forgo keeping watch. And I don’t know about you — but I’m going to sleep.”
Zevran fully agreed with the hunter, so when Tavaris wrapped himself in his cloak he lay beside him, covering both of them with the blanket. The Warden shyly cuddled against him, a little ball of heat, and Zevran soon embraced him, grateful for the shared warmth. The night was rather chilly and he had definitely less clothes than he planned before.
But then, as soon as the hunter fell asleep for good, he started to stir nervously in Zevran’s arms, whimper and sob.
Morrigan, still awake, shrugged indifferently, as the Antivan looked at her with the question in his eyes.
“A Warden thing,” she said flatly. “Maybe he’ll explain, if he feels like that.”
After a moment she added. “If you want to get any rest, I recommend moving away from him. You can’t do anything with that and he will cry until it wakes him.”
“And could you help?” Zevran asked sharply.
Morrigan shrugged again.
“Maybe, maybe not. Anyway, I won’t babysit the Wardens every time they get their nightmares.”
Zevran didn’t move away.
 
The witch’s diagnosis proved correct. The young Warden was trashing the whole night in his embrace, sobbing, wailing and whining until a sharp cry from his own throat jerked him awake. None of them was rested and Tav scolded him from that, but the assassin excused himself with his need of warmth. Placated, the Warden laid in his arms for a while, trembling, then got up, swiftly packing their tiny camp. Morrigan watched him with disdain and Sten was already fastening his harness. Zevran didn’t feel like getting up, but somehow he didn’t believe he would be allowed more sleep. He wasn’t wrong.
“Get up,” Mahariel ordered tartly, cutting the slice of the previous night’s roast and tossing it to Zevran before he even managed to sit. Even with his dexterity he barely managed to catch the meat before it landed in pine needles and fallen leaves.
“Breakfast to bed?” the Antivan commented, yawning. “You’re spoiling me, querido.”
Tavaris shot him unamused look.
“Really, Zev. We need to fix the mess we made yesterday. Besides, I need to clean my teeth and I left my assithe by the stream. If these things tainted it in any way I’m going to kill someone. Dirthvir-ma.” He spat.
The corner of the Morrigan’s mouth curved slightly.
“Oh, that’s a great notion, Warden,” she commented, and Zevran felt slightly annoyed that he was missing something.
The hunter shot her a murderous look.
“You’re enjoying it too much.”
“I believe I earned something by saving you both from the results of your impressing inanity,” she bit back. “It’s a dark time for the Ferelden, indeed, to have to rely on fools like Alistair and you.”
Tavaris pursed his lips.
“I probably should be grateful that you still mention Alistair on the first place.”
“Maybe it’s just a matter of habit,” she smiled at him waspishly.
Zevran rose to his feet, biting at the cold meat.
“Are you two going to bicker whole day, or maybe we should pack and move?” He asked, annoyed and picking up the one dagger he managed to salvage last evening from the beach.
“Because I would like to check if my favourite dagger is still available.”
Morrigan rolled her eyes.
“And look who is responsible now,” she commented dryly. “Maybe we should let go only two of you, so you could finish what you started.”
“Enough,” Tavaris snapped. “Morrigan, you’ve had your fun, now eat the rest of your food and we’re moving. Or you can go back to your mother, for all I care. Just shut up.”
Mahariel without a word took the blanket from Zevran, rolling it even more tightly than the day before.
On the outside the Warden looked like he was simply angry, but when he packed, the assassin noticed trembling of his hands and slightly bewildered look, when he thought no one was looking.
“Let me do it,” Zevran took the blanket from the ranger, tying it securely to the back of his belt. As he bent to check if the added package didn’t restrict his movements too much, he brushed hand of his lover, who still sat crouched, his eyes closed for a moment.
“What’s wrong, querido?” He asked quietly, hoping Morrigan won’t notice. Mahariel clenched his teeth and without the word motioned to the empty quiver fastened on his belt. “I’ve lost my dagger too,” he whispered. “I’ve got only a small knife.”
“We can sneak there,” Zevran assured calmly. “And if the need arises we can sneak to the main camp too”.
Tavaris winced.
“Yes, I guess. But it doesn’t always work.”
Zevran knew that and he felt a cold shiver. He had no idea how much he grew to rely on the bow of their leader; it was completely irrational, as between Morrigan’s magic, Sten’s axe and his own skills they were still a powerful team. The hunter’s prowess with the bow was almost absurd, that was true, but Morrigan was a formidable force on her own, Sten was a beast with his axe and Zevran fancied himself a rather good fighter, especially for an assassin. They could shield the Warden perfectly well until he got new arrows.
He tugged gently the strand of stray hair behind Tav’s ear. Tavaris winced slightly.
Behind them Morrigan cleared her throat. Thankfully she hadn’t uttered a single word.
“Just keep back for now,” Zevran whispered. “I’m going to watch your every step.” He smiled, but his smile was a little strained. He understood the problem — he himself would be scared shitless if he found himself without any weapon. The incomplete armour bothered him enough.
 
The short trip to the tiny beach was uneventful. Tavaris almost relaxed, especially that Zevran kept on his back, watching for any trouble as carefully as his anxious lover.
Unfortunately, the trek hasn’t changed their situation much. The few things left there were trampled and destroyed — Zevran’s boots shredded into pieces, barely wearable, one of Mahariel’s leg protectors torn in half, another caught on a log in the stream and completely soaked and misshaped. The rest was either trampled into the ground or nowhere to be seen; that included Tav’s satchel with herbs as well as the broken jar of the bug-repelling salve. The ranger took the view in with a grim expression and crouched to dig a broken arrow from the sand.
“To the main camp, then,” he decided gloomily. “It seems that this little pleasure will cost us in gold as well as in time.”
He regarded the arrow with a grimace, then tore off the broken part and tucked the destroyed missile under his belt. It wasn’t much of a weapon.
They turned back in dark moods, without their usual banter or audacity. It was probably for the best as they managed to hear the werewolves before they attacked them from two sides. The place was terrible: a narrow ravine in which there wasn’t really space to avoid the attackers. They were clearly aiming mostly for Tavaris, and Zevran found himself in a tight spot, as he got pinned to the ravine’s wall by one of the beasts, watching helplessly as Tavaris danced, evading with difficulty the enormous jaw of the werewolf. It was obvious that while the monsters didn’t really care for the rest of their group, they were bent on biting the Dalish.
Tavaris must have noticed it too, as he wheezed, ducking another try:
“I’m tainted!,” and then, as he fell on the ground, rolling to escape another snap of the terrifying teeth: “You don’t want my blood!”
One of the beasts which weren’t really involved in fight because the lack of targets and confined space roared loudly.
“Liar! The Taint makes bodies rot, and your flesh is perfectly fresh.”
As Tavaris shouted loudly “I’m a Grey Warden!,” the werewolf finally managed to catch his victim’s thigh. The shout transformed into a pained cry and Zevran’s lover bended in half, howling in agony. At the same time Morrigan’s ice blast exploded around them, throwing back and wounding the beasts. The leader of the pack roared loudly and suddenly the monsters disappeared, leaping on the ravine’s walls and disappearing in the deep forest.
Zevran leaped to the injured Warden, worried sick. The Dalish writhing in agony in the elven infirmary came to his mind immediately. And then, as an afterthought, came the realization that a cursed Warden won’t be much of a help against the Crows.
Tavaris, deathly pale, scrambled on his feet, bend it half to put a pressure on the wounded leg.
“I guess we don’t have much time to get rid of this curse,” he murmured, his face twisted in pain. Morrigan hurried to his side, already weaving a spell.
“I have no idea how this curse works. But if it spreads through the blood maybe I can slow it a bit by freezing the wound, Warden” she said calmly. The young hunter nodded tersely.
“Do it. And stop the bleeding, if you can.”
The blast of magic was quick, but painfully bright. As it faded, Tav’s leg was frosted, and the elf was shivering.
“There will be a lot of healing, if I get through this,” he commented sourly, taking a big breath.
“If it makes you feel better, I haven’t heard of a darkspawn turned werewolf. Or werewolf-ish darkspawn,” Morrigan said sharply. Tavaris gave her a pained smile.
“You know, it actually helps.”
Zevran raised his brow, unsure what to make from this odd conversation, but decided he wasn’t sure if he was ready to know. Instead he offered the Warden his arm, wrapping it around his waist in an attempt to steady him.
The Dalish almost jumped at the contact and drawled quietly: “let me go.”
The Antivan looked at him incredulously.
“Mi querido, you barely can stand,” he scolded gently the hunter. “You could use some help.”
The ranger’s jaw tensed in a stubborn grimace.
“I’m fine,” he said, despite the fact that his voice told entirely different story and his leg almost gave up under him. “I’ll go on my own.”
 
Tavaris was too stubborn for his own good. He walked slowly, head held high, paler with each step. Until he just couldn’t — and collapsed helplessly to the ground.
“The curse seems to be rather virulent,” Morrigan commented. Her voice was indifferent, as usual, but behind her uncaring demeanour Zevran sensed something more; a nervousness she didn’t want to show. “I believe we have to get used to the thought we are one Warden down.”
Zevran felt cold shivers down his spine.
“Oh, I won’t agree to that. As it happens I desperately need this Warden,” he informed her, picking unconscious Tavaris from the ground. The boy wasn’t heavy, but the assassin huffed quietly, throwing him over his shoulder.
“We should leave him to the wolves,” she grimaced. “He won’t be useful anymore, and you’re slowing us down.”
Zevran shot her a murderous look, to see that despite her comments Morrigan had an expression of genuinely concerned person.
“I’m going to pretend I haven’t heard that, my dear,” he answered, fixing his grip on the young Dalish. Sten looked at him and frowned.
“It’s true it’s your duty to take your kadan to the camp, bas. But since you’re both of the size of the fleas and that the Warden should be in the camp soon, I will take him in your stead,” he said to Zevran — probably the longest sentence he ever uttered in the Antivan’s direction.
The assassin scowled, but stopped.
“I can’t say I find the description accurate, but fine. With heavy heart and much lighter arms I will part with our fearless leader.” He allowed Sten to take Tavaris, watching nervously how the giant tossed the elf over his shoulders.
“Careful,” he tssked, seeing that the Qunari caught the small man by the wounded leg.
“He’s unconscious. He doesn’t feel it.” The Qunari shrugged.
Zevran groaned quietly.
“But he will,” he persisted. The ox-man apparently didn’t think this was important.
“We better hurry,” he answered calmly.
Seeing that any argument was futile, Zevran agreed grumpily to Sten’s suggestion, running quietly to scout ahead. He couldn’t really hope to be half as good in that as Tavaris was, but figured that it would be better if he was attacked first, giving Sten time to prepare for the fight. Fortunately for the elf, they reached the camp without any problems.
 
The camp, however, was full of problems. They laid Tavaris down in his own tent — Zathrian wanted to get him to the infirmary, but didn’t want to agree to the outsiders roaming around the elven camp, which was unacceptable for both Zevran and Alistair. Instead, Zathrian or his First came to him once in a while, pouring impossible amount of herbal teas into the unconscious elf. Zevran was sitting close by, observing the Dalish, and the rest of the camp was full of endless bickering.
“Oh, stop barking at me already, Alistair,” he heard agitated Morrigan. “For one last time — it’s their own damn fault, not mine. Why don’t you go bother someone else? Your favorite assassin for example?”
“Sure, I’ll go and talk to him too, I promise,” answered the Warden. “But why did you let them to go there alone?”
“Oh, because you could allow Tavaris anything. Or forbid, if we are speaking like that. I believed you have met the man.”
“Yes, I’ve met him, and I have noticed that he loses his mind when it comes to that damned murderer. Now, that they had…” Alistair’s cheeks went red. “Now more than ever,” he finished lamely, but Morrigan was already talking.
“Well, I thought he was responsible enough to keep his Antivan flame from being eaten. It’s not like I have this whole warden-sense.”
Zevran sighed, massaging his temple.
“He actually did save me from being eaten,” he interrupted, too tired to manage his usual, flowery speech. “It was us who couldn’t save him.”
He felt guilty — not a feeling he was accustomed to, and not one which he enjoyed. But then the idea dawned on him. “I don’t know about you, but I’m going to find that wolf the Dalish are talking about,” he said, gathering his equipment. “That curse is supposed to be breakable, after all.”
 



The Curse
Chapter Summary
The party goes back into Brecilian, this time without the feverish Tavaris - heavily edited!
Chapter Notes
25th May 2017Here we are, with another upgraded chapter. I don't think much of the old version is left, maybe except for the bare bones. Since the next chapter is a massive one too, I'm going to publish it a day after tomorrow.



The rest of their party accepted Zevran’s leadership without any problems, which was something he didn’t expect at all. Sten and Morrigan seemed indifferent, Leliana, surprisingly, gave him numerous smiles in a feeble attempt to encourage him. And Alistair… Alistair apparently hated making decisions even more than he hated Zevran, and he quietly submitted to his orders. The former Crow wasn’t sure if it was the best idea on their part, but since it led to search for the cure, he wouldn’t complain even if he felt slightly out of sorts in this situation.The surroundings were completely alien for him and the mission wasn’t of a kind he was used to. Give him cobblestones under his feet and a target to kill —  he would do it and he would do it well. Forests, curses, furry beasts an giant spiders —  that definitely wasn’t his cup of tea. For this reason he kept Morrigan close — the Witch knew what she was doing here, and probably was the only one, even if Sten’s stone face didn’t show much of the loss visible in Alistair’s and Leliana’s eyes.Alright, it’s not any different than leading a strike team of Crows, Zevran told himself, gathering his scattered thoughts. It was difficult to do it with Mahariel loudly thrashing in the background, but they needed the plan to get past the barrier — Morrigan couldn’t do it on her own, and there was that talking tree that promised a key… Zevran’s head hurt from even thinking about it. But it seemed to be the best plan they had, so he turned to Morrigan.“Are you able to find that mage who stole that… acorn?” He asked, hoping for the best. They couldn’t really waste the time on searching some lunatic hidden in the woods, but then, they didn’t have any sensible alternative.Morrigan tapped her chin thoughtfully.“I should be,” she answered after a short while. “Nothing sure, I’d say, and it’s not Korcari where I could commune with the spirits of the forest itself… But I should be able to ask around, even if they don’t know me here.”Zevran decided it would be smarter not to ask whom she wanted to ask, precisely. He just nodded, deciding that it was the best answer he could get.“Alright, then let’s go,” he stole a glance at the feverish Warden, who trashed on his bedroll, supported by the First… Lanaya was her name, if he remembered right — who was trying to force some potion down his throat. Before he even realized, he was asking: “Take care of him, alright?”The woman looked up at him and smiled sadly.“We’ll try our best,” she promised. “And he’s strong… But he doesn’t have long.”He nodded his acknowledgement and turned away, prodded slightly by Leliana’s hand on his shoulder.He asked Morrigan to take the lead — since she was the only one with a reasonable chance of finding the blasted acorn — which left him with too much time to think. So he thought. About his boots, that he’d gotten from the Dalish and that were nowhere as comfortable as the pair he lost the day before. About the shop in Antiva City where he bought the previous pair and the tanneries of Calle de Curtidores. About Rinna and her laugh and the differences between it and Tav’s shy smiles. Well, he shut that train of thought as quickly as it appeared, but it made him think about Tavaris and the bile in his throat that got sharper every time he realized the perilous situation the Warden found himself in.He had to face it. He was scared about losing his ticket to freedom, his shield against the Crows, but he was also worried about the younger man as a person. Tavaris was an enjoyable lover, but also a genuinely decent — if extremely naive — person and probably one of the few people that ever came closer to feel as his friends. Which was pretty awkward, given how short have they known each other. Still, the fact was that he somehow wormed himself under Zevran’s defences and the assassin realized that seeing him gone would hurt.The realization was so startling that the assassin lost his footing on the loose stone and almost fell face first onto the ground.“Look where you step, you fool,” snapped Morrigan, catching his arm and saving him from a disgraceful fall. Zevran swallowed and looked up at her with a charming smile on his face.“You cannot blame me for getting distracted when I walk next to such a tempting woman,” he quipped. The witch raised one of her brows in a doubtful expression.“Oh, I can and I will.”“For getting lost in these lascivious curves?” Zevran asked with a feigned outrage, making a wavy gesture with his hands.Morrigan scoffed.“You’re gonna get lost in that forest if you keep pissing me off, so better drop it.”“So beautiful and so cruel,” the assassin sighed. “You really won’t let me adore you, even from the distance?”“You’ve got your own, half-dead Warden to think of,” she shrugged. “I can’t imagine Mahariel would be happy to learn that the very second he was incapacitated you started to pester other people.”Zevran shrugged. “We’re searching for the cure for him right now, yes? So, I feel devoted enough. Besides, he wouldn’t blame me for enjoying myself along the way!”“He’s Dalish. I wouldn’t be surprised if he considered you his husband already,” she observed calmly, raising her staff and closing her eyes. Zevran laughed boisterously.“Oh, no, no, no. We have already explained that issue to each other! We enjoy each other’s company, that’s true, but he doesn’t have any wish to make it more than it is. Just a companionship of convenience. A bed-warming adventure. Nothing more.”“If you say so…” Morrigan answered dubiously, concentrating on some mysterious wisps of magic, or whatever she did. “This way.” She turned into another almost invisible path and they followed, passing the shrubbery that grew past their heads in a thick wall.“Oh, I do say…” Zevran’s declaration was interrupted by Alistair, clearing his throat.“Could you not? We’ve got some darkspawn ahead. Maybe it would be better if you didn’t attract them with your chatting.”Zevran fell silent. Not for long. He couldn’t stand the thoughts that came unbidden when he wasn’t distracted.“So, Leliana, I get it that you aren’t interested in getting a piece of this,” he waved his hands in an exaggerated gesture pointing at his body. “Though I can’t really fathom why. Is that because you prefer feminine charms?”The bard sighed, looking at him with a tired expression.“I don’t really think like that, Zevran. I don’t mind women, but I have nothing against men either. It’s just that…” She exhaled loudly and shook her head. “You’re not my type, Zevran, that’s it.”“Not an elven lover?” He suggested, fishing for information. Leliana, unexpectedly, turned red.“I like elves…” she said quietly. “At least some of them. But I prefer my lovers… Well, to take things more seriously, for one.”“Oh, my dear, but I can be very serious!” He exclaimed, feigning offence. “Especially when it comes to lovemaking. And… well… Assassinating things.”“Zevran, for the love of Andraste, would you just shut up?” Alistair asked angrily. “I told you, we’re getting close to darkspawn. I believe it would be better for us to avoid the pack, not to attract it.”“Fine, fine,” Zevran relented, but then his curiosity rose. “How does it work anyway? It’s just that you, or Mahariel, stop suddenly and tell in these grave voices ‘darkspawn ahead’, but how do you even know? It’s sometimes a hour or so before we run into a band and it’s not like you can see or hear them from the distance... So?”“Warden secret,” Alistair answered through the clenched teeth. “And I promise you, these aren’t so far. So would you mind shutting up before I wring your skinny neck?”“So domineering,” Zevran purred. “I must admit I’m very partial to a strong men who can show me my place. Are you volunteering?”Just like the assassin expected, the Warden flushed red, taking a step back and almost knocking his teeth out as he fell over a root sticking out from the ground.“Andraste, no!” He protested, his eyes wide in a mixture of fear and outrage. “I don’t want to have anything to do with you, elf. Keep your hands to yourself.”“Are you sure?”“Zevran, enough,” Morrigan cut in. “You’re both going to be toads if I have to listen to that insufferable squabbling any more.”Zevran looked over Alistair’s shoulder, preparing another witty answer, when he blanched slightly.“Speaking of the toads… Could you start with them?” He asked, pointing the hurlocks climbing the small hill just meters away.He barely managed to duck to avoid the ice missile Morrigan send their way, all the while looking straight at the assassin with a displeased expression on her face.Zevran could take a hint. He swallowed and drew his blades, turning around and sprinting in the direction of the Blighted creatures.Fortunately, there weren’t many of them and they managed to dispose of them swiftly. Zevran was still cleaning his leathers of the tainted matter when Morrigan tossed her staff above her head again, just to open her eyes after a short moment.“Apparently, the thief we seek hides there,” she pointed at the shallow valley just on the other side of the hill. Zevran couldn’t see anything special about it, but then, the thief was supposed to be a mage. Who knew what kind of defenses he had in place.“Is it safe to approach?” He asked, focusing on the task at hand. “I mean, I doubt he’ll be overly friendly, but are we going to get blown to bits just from entering the valley or..?”“From what I can sense there’s nothing more but some illusion magic there; the kind that fools your eyes.” Morrigan shrugged. “But, of course, he still may be much more powerful spellcaster than meself and there might be unspeakable traps hidden behind it; ones I cannot detect even when tugging at the Veil or glimpsing into Beyond.” She didn’t seem particularly perturbed by this possibility.Alistair looked at her with horrified expression. Zevran cocked his head, studying her face carefully. There was some kind of teasing in her eyes, maybe a tiny challenge, a subdued amusement of a person who had fun at other people’s expense. While she wasn’t technically lying — the assassin was pretty sure that there was always a risk of stumbling upon a foe too powerful to handle — she didn’t seem to believe that was the case.“You’re not telling us everything, bella, but you’re saying things that have no need to be said,” he observed. Morrigan shrugged, not really looking at him. Zevran exhaled, slightly annoyed. He wouldn’t even bother, but they needed Alistair with all his meagre wits upon him, not too scared to fight.“Allow me to rephrase,” he started again. “You don’t believe the thief to be as powerful as you say and the only reason you said so was to watch our remaining Warden squirm.” That caught her attention, enough for her to look at him briefly, but she still hadn’t said anything. Zevran was a patient man, but that was starting to get on his nerves. They didn’t really have time for the games right now. Mahariel…He cut off this train of thought and tried again.“While usually I would enjoy confusing Alistair as much as the next man, don’t you think…”“…I think he’s powerful alright, fine?” She interrupted him, looking at the valley with a slight disdain. “He’s very close to the Beyond. Too close, one could even say.” She finally turned to look at the elf with a shadow of smirk on her face. “But he lacks control, I’m inclined to believe. If it comes to fight… Well, it’s going to be…” She pursed her mouth, searching for a right description. “Explosive. But I believe I should be able to contain that as long as y’all do your jobs.”“Here,” Zevran turned to Alistair. “Better now?”Apparently it was not.“Lacks control?” Alistair turned almost white. “Are you trying to say that we might end up with an abomination at our hands, Witch?”“I thought we’re all abominations in making, Chantry Boy,” Morrigan shot back, slowly starting her descent into the valley and not bothering to look at them anymore. “And stop dawdling, last time I recalled we had something to do.”Zevran allowed himself one indulgent look at her backside. Maker, that woman was magnificent. Had his survival instincts been any weaker, he’d crawl before her to beg her to let him worship her for even one night. What could he say, he was completely devoid of shame, and Morrigan’s golden stare made him shiver in all the best ways.He moved after her before Alistair could shake off his nerves. She was right. As hypnotic as she was, there was another lovely backside in peril — and he felt personally invested in saving it from growing a tail.It was a weird feeling. Like seeing mist clearing away when he wasn’t aware of any mist in the first place. Everything seemed sharper for a moment, a little brighter, a little more pronounced — Zevran knew substances that had similar effect on the senses, but with them it lasted long enough to get used to it.The things that appeared after his sight cleared, though, were more than disappointing. A tree stump and a rickety chest partially obscured by shrubs, a tent that looked as if it hadn’t been used for years and a primitive fireplace with some charred bird corpses hanging over it — and nothing more.“Hmm… That’s curious…” He heard Morrigan saying, when a movement from the stump caught his attention. Somewhere behind him Leliana gasped quietly in a surprise, as a colourful smoke rose from the fallen tree to form a robed silhouette.As it materialized it gave shape to an elder man with a bushy beard, who wore a dirt stained, tattered robe. Zevran needed just one look to tell from his crazed eyes that the man was a complete lunatic.And then the madman started to box the air.“Uhm,” Alistair cleared his throat anxiously and the Crow, for once, sympathized. He didn’t have a slightest idea how to approach a magic-wielding loon, who didn’t even seem lucid enough to notice people staring at him in bewilderment.Morrigan shrugged, apparently deciding that her role was over as long as there weren’t any blows exchanged. Sten was standing behind them, just as indifferent as before. Alistair was frozen with fear, not that Zevran expected any creative solution from him. In the end it was Leliana who took the initiative.“Excuse me, good ser?” She started gingerly. The madman obviously was no ‘ser’, but the assassin figured that it couldn’t hurt to be courteous to a dangerous madman. The man in question suddenly looked at her, stopping his inane dance.“Oh dear, oh dear,” he said, looking at her as if she was an interesting specimen, not a person. “Not a werewolf and not a spirit, even. What are the woods coming to?”“I just wanted to ask…” She didn’t finished, because the mage tossed his hands into the air, visibly agitated.“Questions, questions, always questions! They say it was questions that drove me mad! But I’d love to do the same!” He paused for a moment, loudly smacking his lips together in an expression that was at once thoughtful and disgusting. “Yes! Ask a question and you’ll receive a question. Give an answer and you’ll get the same! Oh! But I love to trade!”Leliana was quiet for a second, mulling over his words.“You… Want me to answer a question?” She finally asked.“Wouldn’t I have to ask you a question first?” He exclaimed, pulling at his beard in an outrage. Leliana swallowed.“Isn’t that a question itself?” She tried, attempting to get a feel of the rules of the odd game. Zevran almost pitied her but that feeling was dampened by the sheer relief at the fact that it wasn’t him who had to navigate that peculiar conversation. For a moment he was afraid he’d have to.“Would you even know a question if it was asked?” The man snapped and Zevran tasted a faint hint of ozone in the air. He wasn’t, of course, as sensitive to it as a mage would be, but given the certain… processes he had to undergo as a part of his Crow initiation he was able to sense the magic coiling around the lunatic much better than most non-magic users.Leliana, obviously, couldn’t taste it the way he could, but it didn’t mean she was blind to the danger.“I… would certainly hope so…?” She offered carefully, tilting her voice slightly so the phrase would have the proper, question-like sound.Apparently, it wasn’t enough, as the man waved his hands over his head and the taste of ozone thickened.“No, that’s not a question at all! And even if it was an answer, it was an answer to a question I didn’t ask! It’s not fair, bringing me to a guessing game!”“Careful, now,” Morrigan warned lowly and, in the assassin’s opinion, completely unnecessarily; Leliana was already tense like a bowstring. “He’s quite powerful, don’t rile him.”Tattered hermit ignored the mage, his attention fully on Leliana as he asked with a waspish undertone in his voice, “Will you play by the rules or not?”“Then… Would you like to ask me a question?” The bard asked cautiously. The mage creased his nose in disgust. At least the ozone sting in the air didn’t change its depth.“I think it’s your turn to ask, is it not?”Alistair shifted nervously at the assassin’s back and Zevran raised one of his hands in a calming command. He didn’t look back at the human, focused on the scene in the front of him, but hoped he’d take the hint for once. They could attack the madman, sure, and there was a good chance they’d succeed, but every skirmish came with its risks. If they could manage to get what they needed without risking injuries and tiring themselves, all the better. Zevran was convinced they would have to blood their blades before returning to Tavaris anyway.Leliana weighted her words for a while.“Have you by any accident came into a possession of a certain acorn?” She asked. “The Old Oak’s acorn, to be precise.”“Ah, suddenly it all becomes clear!” The old man exclaimed, something about his tone making Zevran grab the hilts of his weapons and let himself slowly fade into the shadows in a preparation for a fight. Fortunately, the wild mage didn’t make a move yet, simply continuing his rant and sending particles of spit flying around.Zevran tuned the conversation out at this point, instead focusing on the madman’s body language and the ozone-tasting air, watching aptly for any signs of aggression.As tense as he was, he almost lashed out when he saw him move to reach into the tree stump he appeared from. He stopped himself in the very last second seeing an acorn in his hand. Leliana produced a small book from a satchel at her belt and the exchange was made, much to the assassin’s relief.He was curios, of course, what other things were hidden in the tree stump — lots of garbage, that he was sure, but there might have been some treasures hidden among the trash still. He wasn’t sure, however if risking the lunatic’s wrath would be worth it, so he just stepped forward, letting the shadow slither away from his form and motioned with his head to one of the exits of the valley.Leliana offered a shaky excuse and backed away slowly, while the hermit shouted after her about her need to report to “Them” whoever “They” might had been. The rest of the group followed, very careful to not make any unnecessary noise that could attract the madman’s attention. With some kind of detached astonishment Zevran observed that even Alistair managed to not stumble over his own legs.They were a good way out of the hermit’s earshot as they stopped. Zevran looked around, flexing his shoulders minutely to work out the tension that seeped into his muscles during the talk.“That was intense,” Leliana breathed out, running her hand through her hair in an anxious gesture. Her second hand was still clutched around the acorn.“I could only imagine how nerve-wracking it was for you, bella,” the assassin agreed, still tasting the ozone on his tongue. “I hadn’t talked with him and it still was pretty unpleasant experience for me too. That loco was at times too close to snapping for my tastes,” he admitted.“Hm, ‘tis an interesting thing, you’re saying, Crow,” Morrigan interjected with a thoughtful glint in her eyes. “Was that the inane flailing that made you feel so threatened, or beard pulling, pray tell?”It was only now that Zevran realized he made a rather serious mistake in his relief; there was nobody in their present company, except for him and Morrigan, who could feel the fluctuations of magic around the hermit. For the rest, none of his gestures would appear more threatening than the others. He might had been looking scary and confusing for them, but there wasn’t a moment when he’d look even more dangerous.He rushed to cover his misstep. He would do himself a great disservice if he let the witch guess too much.“Oh, that’s just a healthy response to madmen, bruja. Any sensible person would feel threatened by a man whose intents and reasons are unpredictable. Especially if such a man could set one on fire or freeze a brain in their skull.”Morrigan acknowledged his answer with a small grunt but her eyes were still searching, despite the superfluous concession. Zevran fought to keep his face straight. Did she sense something more? Some marks on his person — he was aware that a thorough magical examination would give away some hints about the meddling he had undergone. Or maybe she felt some of his desperate attempts to stop the darkspawn chase.He doubted she would give away his secrets — not immediately, at least. But the knowledge of his abilities, of the real nature of the Crow initiation — that was a leverage she could easily use against him if she wished to and he didn’t want to give her such a power over himself. He had to be careful.“So, let’s take this acorn to its tree, shall we?” He asked with a faked cheerfulness, looking around and cursing inwardly the trees for being completely identical in his eyes. Morrigan — Maker bless her soul, if she even had one — gave him another curious glance, but then pointed discreetly to a path hiding behind a fallen tree.They’ve made it to the rhyming tree without any further complications. The oak didn’t seem to notice — or maybe care — that it spoke with a different elf this time.For the assassin it was all fine and well. He got the branch they needed, tossed it to Morrigan and turned away, gently pushing at Leliana’s back, who was still gawking at the tree even after it turned immobile again.“Come on, belleza. We still have lots of this forest to cover,” he urged her gently. “You’ve got the stick?” Zevran asked several hours later, as they stopped just steps before the passage filled with the unnatural mist. They met some werewolves and darkspawn on their way there, but they weren’t much of a problem. Their ragtag team had already learnt how to fight efficiently together, and even if Leliana’s skills with her bow couldn’t match Tav’s, still it wasn’t troublesome to dispatch few beasts.The Witch shoot him a venomous look.“Who do you take me for?” She showed him staff she was using during the trek — exactly the stick in question.“And are you sure you’d be able to dispel that mist?” He asked, almost sure that the Witch will take offence at this question, but unable to resist: he needed some banter to feel more like himself. The clock was ticking and he was becoming more and more agitated with every passing minute.Morrigan, indeed seemed offended.“Do I look to you like some helpless chantry mage? I’ve got a key, I’ve got a door, are you implying I can’t find a lock?”Zevran raised his hands in a placating gesture.“Forgive me, o fairest of all the free mages. I’m simple man, trained in ways of blade and poison, not in magic. I don’t know how these things work, so I’m asking you, as you obviously do.”Morrigan snorted, but hadn’t graced him with an answer. When Zevran tried to pick up the chat, she just told him to shut up, as she wanted to listen to the forest. The assassin yielded. She needed to focus and getting this over with was more important than his discomfort.Morrigan just stood for a moment there, with her eyes closed and focused expression. Then she suddenly widened her legs, thrusting the end of the staff into the ground and started to murmur an incantation in some weird language.True to her words, the mist parted slowly and Zevran could swear he saw in it tree branches retracting from the road.“Done,” announced Morrigan in her typical, slightly annoyed voice. Zevran looked into the passage with mixed feelings. Not that he didn’t trust the Witch. Well, he didn’t but that was not the issue here. It was just… He almost fell few times in magic traps and now he was reluctant when it came to this kind of barriers.“Are we going to be standing here?” Asked Alistair, slightly irritated. The assassin bit his lip slightly before he answered, turning his face to the young Templar with beautiful smile.“Don’t tell me, Alistair, that you don’t enjoy the occasion to fully appreciate Morrigan’s amazing backside.”The mage in question grimaced at him.“You wanted to find the werewolf lair, as I reckon,” she said coldly. “To prevent another backside from sprouting a tail.” As much as he hated to admit it, she was right.“That doesn’t mean, I can’t admire yours,” he answered halfheartedly. The reality of the situation came back to him with a new force.They crossed the passage to find themselves in the midst of old elven ruins.“Tavaris would love it,” Zevran murmured, looking around — not really sure why it was the first thing that came to his mind. And just as he said that he heard familiar bark behind him.“Indeed, I like it,” Tavaris said quietly, smiling at his surprised companions weakly. He didn’t look well, still sweaty and pale, but nevertheless he stood on his own feet, bow in his hand and quiver at his hip.“Andraste’s ass! What are you doing here?” The elf exclaimed just as Alistair said: “Sweet Andraste, that’s a miracle!” and Leliana run to the Dalish, wrapping him in a tight hug.Morrigan lifted one brow looking at the short archer with interest.“I suspected that something like that might happen — still, you shouldn’t be up anyway,” she said calmly, as if she found him not miles from the camp, but sitting by the fire when he should be in bed.“Something like what?” Zevran asked, furrowing his brows in concern and catching the small Warden as soon as Leliana let him go. Only for support, he explained to himself, embracing Tavaris gently. The young man blushed slightly, nuzzling the assassin’s neck. The Antivan stroke the hunter’s long braid absentmindedly and looked at Morrigan with question.“That Warden might briefly overcome this curse. He has already one of his own,” she shrugged, but didn’t offer any more explanations. Apparently she already said too much, because both of the Wardens shot her deathly glares.“What is she talking about?” He asked Tavaris, cupping his chin and lifting it so he could look in his eyes. His young lover looked really tired and fragile, but there was steel in his eyes, when he answered curtly: “Warden’s business.”The assassin was still more than interested, but he didn’t pry — he had enough secrets of his own to understand that it wasn’t a way to sate his curiosity. Instead, he just kissed these tired eyes gently. The exhaustion wasn’t a fitting look on the charming hunter.“Fair enough,” he acquiesced, caressing gently the young man’s face as he studied it carefully. His pupils were blown, his face pallid and covered with a sheer veneer of sweat and he trembled slightly under Zevran’s touch. The assassin suspected that he would shake much more if he wasn’t actively trying to stop it. Alistair coughed.“Not to interrupt, but have you two heard when Morrigan said ‘briefly’?” He asked, and Tavaris must have decided that it was a good question, since he pressed soft, chaste kiss on Zevran’s lips and pulled away. “Let’s go then.”“You should come back,” Zevran felt a pang of anxiety when he saw that Tav really wanted to go into the deep forest with them. He couldn’t afford to lose the hunter. There was too much riding on his good will. “Leliana could take you…”Tavaris scoffed.“We don’t know what we will meet there. We need numbers. And if I weren’t up to the task, I wouldn’t come.”Unfortunately the hunter was right and they really didn’t have time to regroup. Tav had to go with them or get back alone. Zevran knew that the hunter knew it as well. And that he was aware that the assassin won’t allow him to go through the forest alone again, even if he might slightly misread his reasons.“So, ma vhenan, am I to go back?” He asked, tilting his head. Despite his obvious tiredness he managed a mischievous look in his eyes. He knew the answer.Zevran let out a weary sigh, searching through his pouches. He had some healing herbs on himself to use as antidotes in case he accidentally poisoned himself — and some of them…“Like you’d listen if I told you to,” he answered, pulling out a thick root. He cut off a chunk and gave it to Tavaris. “At least, chew on this. It won’t heal you, obviously, but should help with some… symptoms for now.” He wasn’t too happy, giving pan de cuervo to the young man — the drug was potent and the side effects after it wore out were rather unpleasant — but it should give him some of the strength he needed and help with the tremors that made shooting a bow impossible. The sickness later was less important than keeping him alive now.Morrigan raised her brows, watching as the young elf carelessly popped the herb into his mouth and started to chew as instructed.“So, an assassin gives you a mysterious root and tells you to eat it, and you just do it?” She asked with a slight amusement in her eyes. “How did you even manage to get to the adulthood?”“Quite successfully, as you can see,” Tavaris answered, his worlds muffled slightly by the drug in his mouth. “But Zevran’s a friend, how many times do I have to repeat that? He wouldn’t hurt me.”Would, but won’t, the assassin thought, but refrained from sharing this observation with the rest, wrapping his arm around the hunter’s hips and giving Morrigan a slightly challenging look. The witch shrugged in a mute ‘fine, get killed if that’s what you want’ expression and Zevran chuckled quietly before leaning into his lover’s ear.“I need to admit, hermoso, that the root I gave you doesn’t come without a price. You won’t feel too well once its effects wear off. I’ll try to ward it off as long as it’s necessary… But… Just so you know.”Tavaris nodded, relaxing into his touch.“I guessed as much, you don’t need to worry about it. But you’re right, I need help if I am to push through. I just hope I’ll be well enough to worry about these aftereffects later.”“You will be,” Zevran promised, a bit put off by the passion he felt. “We’ll find that wolf and we’ll fix this.”Tavaris gave him a small, weak smile. It was obvious that the boy seriously doubted any positive outcome; still, he decided to push forward. There was something really admirable about that, even if Zevran didn’t really want to admire the tiny elf any more than he already did.“Let’s go then.”As they went deeper through the ruins they encountered little resistance — a group of werewolves stopped them and after a brief exchange scuttled hurriedly back to the entrance to the ruins. Zevran, however, was distracted. He wasn’t sure why he reacted the way he did when he saw the hunter. Well, there was posturing, there was a genuine surprise at the sight of the Dalish out of the bed, sure. And it was obvious that he needed the young elf, so a little dash of anxiety would be understandable. But there were feelings he didn’t like; unexpected tenderness, passionate conviction and the pleasure he felt at the chaste kisses. Sex was sex and, Maferath’s balls, Tavaris was gorgeous enough to ensure some innocent groping now and then. But that was something different, something rather unnerving. The act was necessary, but the slipping control……a furry paw hit him suddenly, sending him under a wall of the old ruins. He was losing it. Scrambling wobbly at his feet Zevran brushed all his worries away. It must’ve been an overt reaction to the danger he himself was put in in the result of Mahariel’s unfortunate illness. This kind of threat tended to make people act stupid. But now he had to be smarter if he didn’t want to exchange the assassins for werewolves.He dove under the beast’s arm, while it was turning to attack the sick archer and sunk one of his long daggers in the artery under its armpit. The werewolf made an guttural sound and fell back to the ground.“That’s all of them,” Tavaris said calmly, through the Antivan noticed that the ranger shook slightly. He knew that engaging in melee with the beast would most likely end very bloody, giving his current state — even with the help of the drugs. “Thank you Zevran,” he added. “But you made me worry. Aren’t you a bit distracted?”Ill, weak, drugged and still observant. The assassin gritted his teeth, hoping that Tavaris won’t notice at least that.“I’m sorry, it won’t happen again. It’s just…” He smiled slyly, sending a lurid look in the Templar’s direction. “Alistair looks so manly when he pummels his shield into the poor werewolves. I don’t even know if it makes me more aroused or sorry for the furry things.”Both of the Wardens blushed madly, Tavaris quietly choking out Zevran’s name in agitation. Alistair, however, protested loudly.“You can’t say these things just like that to normal people!”This time the assassin saw red — and wasn’t even particularly worried about that. He could take insults, he wouldn’t care about being called a knife-ear, a murderer, a traitorous bastard. He wouldn’t bat an eye at any words aimed at his birth circumstances, mother or upbringing. To the Pit with that, most of the things people could say were true anyway. But that was something different. He never took any shame in his proclivities, and he would never agree to being looked down upon for taking liking in men. And especially not in the front of a boy who was deeply insecure in his sexuality already.“Are you trying to imply that there’s something abnormal about fancying people of the same gender, Templar?” He asked, deceptively calm. “That there’s something wrong with it? With me? With our dear Tavaris, maybe?”Alistair looked at him, all flustered and confused.“Uhm, I don’t think there’s anything wrong with Tav, but…” he almost choked on words, some primal part of him probably sensing the danger in Zevran’s tense posture. “Ehm, it’s not like it’s particularly normal, is it? And, well, the idea seems to be rather… weird for me, but, well, you do you, right?”“Weird?” Zevran asked in an acrid tone. “And what’s so weird about it, pray tell? Do we grow horns and tails? Do we ooze slime? Or maybe the fact that two men can simply share the pleasures of the body is so inconceivable?”He was really tempted to just skewer that dumb, bigot ass and be over with that discussion once and for all, but he restrained himself. He was more than ready, however, for some more vicious remarks, when he felt a narrow hand on his shoulder.“Please, vhenan, stop.” Tavaris seemed sad and was avoiding his eyes when he said: “It’s not like he’s entirely wrong.”It was like all the fight left the Antivan as he looked at the young elf. It was heartbreaking to see him putting back the mental armour Zevran so recently started to peel away.“Querido…” He reached to his lover, gently brushing his cheek. “He is wrong. There’s nothing…”“We don’t have time for this now, Zevran,” Mahariel interrupted him, turning away from his hands and his gaze. “We do have a wolf to find.”



The lair of the Beast
Chapter Notes
27th May 2017:
Alright, so the Word told me it's 20 pages. And they took a lot from me, so... the next one, idk. Monday-ish?



Apparently, the last turn they took while exploring the ruins wasn’t the one they were meant to choose. Aggravating a young high dragon wasn’t nowhere on their to-do list, Zevran was pretty sure of that.
Tavaris was slightly paler than before, but the assassin couldn’t tell if the reason for it was the view in front of them or the progressing curse. He was chewing on another root piece, and while the drug seemed to help, it was wearing off much faster than Arainai was used to. That fact itself was alarming.
As was the waking up dragon in the huge chamber.
“Maker’s breath,” Alistair whispered, leaning on his unsheathed sword in a way that was definitely damaging for the blade. Tavaris shook his head slightly and gave a silent sign to retreat. Zevran agreed. There had to be other way. They couldn’t afford to waste their time and energy…
…A volley of fire, followed by the deafening roar shut out in their direction and the Antivan barely managed to duck behind a pillar, pulling the sick Warden down with him. Behind his back, he heard a loud thud of door shutting close and then a cracking sound followed. As he glanced towards their escape route he discovered that the force of the blow made some of the rocks fall off the wall, effectively blocking the way out. It wouldn’t be much of a problem, if not for the angry beast breathing fire down their necks.
Tavaris, thankfully, didn’t try to get up immediately, waiting for Zevran to give him all clear. He only propped himself up on his elbows, asking quietly,“Is everyone alright?”
There were grunts and whispers of affirmation around and it seemed to rile the dragon ever more, as it sent another fiery torrent over their heads. Tavaris took a deep breath, pushing Zevran a little so he’d have more place to move.
“Once it calms down a bit, scatter and take cover. We need to put it down; the way out is blocked,” he quietly instructed, looking around for the bow he dropped when they fell down.
Grabbing the weapon he gave it a quick once-over to make sure it wasn’t damaged in the fall, then looked at Zevran questioningly. The assassin glanced over the ancient statue that fell just next to the pillar they were hiding behind, then nodded.
“Just… Try to keep away, yes?” He asked quietly, looking at the hunter with worry. There was no telling when pan de cuervo was going to lost its potency again and they were too close to the dose Zevran wouldn’t dare exceed.
Tavaris raised his bow slightly.
“It isn’t exactly a weapon one wants to use in close quarters,” he smiled reassuringly. “Go.”
It didn’t feel right to leave Tavaris alone when he could collapse any second, but while the hunter was better off as far from the dragon as possible, Zevran needed to get close to it to be able to deal any damage. He pulled the shadows around himself, disappearing from the sight and that was the moment Tavaris chose to signal the rest.
“Scatter!” he cried, notching an arrow and standing from his crouched position to send it into the beast. Zevran sneaked out from behind his cover, mentally cataloguing any hiding spots he could reach if it decided to roast him. He tried to keep his attention on the enemy, but he couldn’t help but notice when the usually nimble ranger stumbled a bit.
Alistair run straight for the dragon, with his shield raised high, and Morrigan was casting some kind of an ice spell on the templar to protect him from the fiery breath. Sten was approaching the beast a little bit more carefully, circling around it to reach its flank. Leliana found another pile of stones to hide behind.
They worked well together — Zevran leaped to the beast rear, avoiding the tail and diving under it, reasoning that most probably he’d find the softest skin there. Alistair was taunting the beast, shouting and slashing at its front to keep it from flying away, while Sten was trying to damage its wings enough to ensure that the beast will stay grounded. Morrigan fought with ice, freezing dragon’s maw and Alistair’s shield at astounding pace.
The archers fared much worse. While they were both relatively safe behind the stones, Leliana’s arrows bounced of the hard scales and the clutter on the floor suggested that a huge part of Zevran’s lover’s arrows didn’t even reach their target. That was an unnerving sight — he could give him just one dose more, but Tav’s body seemed to burn through the drug with an unprecedented speed.
Zevran jabbed at the joint of the dragon’s paw, making the creature roar viciously and wave damaged leathery wings in a futile attempt to escape.  The wings, however, weren’t able to hold its weight too long and the beast crashed down, forcing Zevran to roll away. He heard a panicked cry from Tav’s direction when the dragon’s body fell where his head was just mere seconds ago.
“‘m fine!,” he shouted, dodging a trashing wing and trying to find some weakness in the monster’s armour he could actually reach. But suddenly the beast stilled. Zevran looked up to see Sten’s sword buried halfway in the dragon’s neck, severing the spine. With a last roar the dragon died.
The archer came out, the sweat even more prominent on his brow, and stumbled towards Zevran. He seemed worried, but the assassin couldn’t really focus on this, when he looked at the deathly pallor of his skin and the blown pupils.
“Y’allright?” he slurred quietly, looking absolutely exhausted. Zevran felt a pang of panic.
“It’s not me you should worry about. You look dreadful.”
“‘ve felt betta,” Tavaris admitted quietly, wrapping his arms around Zevran’s neck and leaning on him discreetly under a pretence of a kiss.
“I’d like to ask you for somethin’,” he whispered. The assassin wrapped his arms around the boy, supporting his weight and looked at him questioningly.
“If the curse... If I change, please, put me down. I don’wan’ to be… this.”
Zevran scoffed, pressing his forehead to the archer’s brow to check his temperature. The boy was burning.
“We’re going to get the cure. Even if you change it won’t be for long.”
Tavaris looked at him with deep hurt in his eyes. Zevran pulled him closer.
“No, querido, don’t ask me to kill you when there’s any chance. I need you…”  He wanted to add ‘to keep the Crows away’, but an odd flash of pleasure on his lover’s face stopped him from finishing the sentence.
“We nee’ to come back he’e when we’re finish’,” Tav said quietly, the speech coming to him with an obvious difficulty. “We nee’ resources and even this ‘ragonscale is priceless. Not to menshon the res’ of ‘ragon’s treasu’.”
That sounded better.
“I’ll keep it in mind,” Zevran promised. “But now I’d like to ask you to keep away from the fight. It would be an irreparable tragedy to lose such a fine man to his own stubbornness.”
Tavaris didn’t blush, didn’t protest — and if Zevran didn’t know that the ranger was terminally ill already, this would make him truly terrified. There was no shyness or his usual bravado, no attempt to hide his condition. To act so out of character Tavaris must’ve been in dramatic shape.  
“I’ll try,” he just promised meekly, leaning on the assassin’s arm much too heavily.
“If you are finished, there’s a passage on the other side of this room,” Morrigan informed them curtly. “I suggest haste.”
Zevran agreed. With an arm wrapped around Tav’s waist he led the sick Warden towards the passage, which looked like a crude hole dug in the wall. The corridor, however, went much further, so they entered the unknown path.
“You think we’ll reach Witherfan’ this way?” Tavaris asked quietly, looking at Zevran from under heavy eyelids.
“I have no idea. It seems to lead deeper, anyway, and that should be a good sign, no?” Answered the assassin, fighting hard to keep his cheerful mask on. The Warden’s condition was quickly deteriorating and the Antivan started to feel the Crows’ breath on his neck.
They went deeper into the ruins, facing animated corpses standing up from the ground as they passed. Zevran had to let go the Warden, but Tavaris had fallen back — the fact for which the assassin was immensely grateful. He didn’t bother with the bow anymore, drawing only his long dagger to ward off any stray attackers. Fortunately, between Alistair and Sten there were enough of them to keep the weak elf relatively safe.
Except for the immediate danger, however, nothing could catch the Dalish man’s attention. Not even a ghost of a young elven boy crying in grief, whom they encountered as soon as they left the corridor. Soon he was leaning against oddly proud Leliana and Zevran decided that it was as good solution as any, since she fought from the distance anyway. Her expression however, finally gave Zevran a hint about her sour demeanour the night when he first enjoyed Tav's company. It seemed that the Bard was infatuated with Tavaris. 
Good luck with that, he thought. With his deep contempt toward humans Tav would sooner cut off his own dick than go to bed with a human girl, Zevran was sure — not that he would really mind if he was wrong. 
“The Veil is thin here,” noticed Morrigan, interrupting his thoughts. “’Tis a dangerous place.”
“The scary witch is afraid?” Asked Alistair, in a poor attempt to sound sarcastic, that didn’t mask a fact that he himself was spooked. The Templar didn’t feel good around the supernatural, Zevran noticed long time ago.
Finally they reached a chamber with a small pond in the middle. It was the last room they searched and there wasn’t any other way than the way they came.
“It seems we’re royally fucked up,” Zevran noticed. The lair was guarded well. After the werewolves blocked the straight route it seemed like there was no entrance left.
“Wait,” said Morrigan, weaving strands of bright light over the pond. “’Tis a portal.” The Antivan eyed the reservoir sceptically. It was maybe a feet deep and didn’t look magical at all, even to his sharp senses.
“Can you tell where it leads?Alistair asked, his expression doubtful.
“Deeper,” answered Morrigan curtly. “Can’t say nothing more.”
Tavaris shrugged slightly.
“If we don’ find Witherfan’ I’m as good as dead,” he said, leaving Leliana’s side. “You don’t have to follow.”
With a sinking heart Zevran looked as Tavaris entered the pond and disappeared in a flash of light.
“Well, that’s settles it,” he said lightheartedly, as he moved to follow. While the curse might had been reversible, death surely wasn’t, so someone had to watch the hunter’s back.
Apparently, Leliana had decided the same, as they both appeared in a dark corridor in a span of seconds. Tavaris was leaning against the wall, looking awfully weak, but he beamed when he saw Zevran.
“I’m gla’ you decide’ to join me, vhenan,” he said, wrapping his arms around the assassin’s neck and kissing him briefly. He felt heavy in Zevran’s arms, obviously not in any shape to support himself and that worried the Antivan deeply. Should they need to fight again he was going to be worse than useless — someone would have to stand guard by him all the time.
Slowly the rest of their party appeared. First Sten, followed by Morrigan, and almost a minute later Alistair.
“Let’s keep moving,” Zevran said, wrapping his arm around Tavaris for support. “Honestly, querido, it was a dumb decision to come with us,” he said quietly. He didn’t know what laid before them and wasn’t sure if they were going to be lucky for much longer. The fact that Tavaris wasn’t dead was a little miracle, considering how sluggish he became.
“I had to,” Tavaris slurred. “But I’m sorry to be a hin’rance.”
“You aren’t,” Zevran denied quickly, despite the fact that he almost called him a hindrance himself, just mere seconds before. Tav wasn’t one to buy this kind of bullshit, though, judging by the heavy look he gave him.
“Let’s go,” he said only, pulling Zevran weakly towards the door at the end of the corridor.
 
They’ve found werewolves.
The pack of rabid ones attacked them as soon as they crossed the threshold, howling and clawing at them with fury. Tavaris fell back, slumped against a wall, as they cut their way to the exit. They didn’t have to go far, however. In a huge, empty room stood another group of beasts, looking at them with a glint of intelligence in their small eyes.
“Stop! Brothers and sisters, be at ease,” growled one of them, trying to calm down his angry brethren. Other beasts growled and tensed, ready to jump them in a blink of an eye, but held back for now.
“We don’t wish any more of our people hurt. Where’s your leader? Are you willing to parlay?”
Tavaris, who was currently hidden behind Sten, straightened himself and stepped forward, looking the beast in the eye.
“You are lookin’ for me.” He answered slowly, growing even paler than he was already. The effort of standing without help was too much for him. “And we’re talkin’. So talk”
“A Dalish!” The werewolf hissed. “And here our Lady thinks that you don’t know the whole story!”
“I am of Sabrae clan. Your quarrel is with the Tavella,” answered the elf, pronouncing his words carefully, but the beads of sweat were visible on his forehead. “I don’t know your story.”
The werewolf growled, but he answered relatively calmly.
“I come on behalf of our Lady. She means you no harm, providing that your offer to parlay in peace is an honest one.”
“It’s not me, who’s offerin’,” murmured Tav quietly, but louder he added: “If  we are safe, then your Lady has nothin’ to fear from us. Lead us to her.”
Obviously, he wasn’t in the mood for the lengthy discussions, and Zevran wasn’t surprised. He wouldn’t be too if he were in Tav’s boots. The werewolf looked at them suspiciously then nodded and turned around.
“Follow me, then.”
The room they entered was spacious and bright. The huge chunks of ceiling were missing, letting the sunlight in. In these patches of light, the forest plants grew —  grasses, bushes and even trees, somehow blending seamlessly with the white stones of the ancient ruins. The overall effect was maybe a bit eerie, as the stones peaking from under the grass weirdly reminded Zevran of bones, but it was pretty nevertheless. The Antivan would appreciate the view much more, though, if there weren’t lots of angry, snarling werewolves around them. He just quietly hoped that they couldn’t smell his fear, as wild animals were said to do.
Tavaris was breathing heavily, walking a few steps in front of the assassin, carried only by his sheer will. The assassin was pretty sure that soon it won’t be enough, so he just readied himself to catch their stubborn leader if  — when — he falls.
Werewolves growled furiously, surrounding them in a shrinking circle, but for now they didn’t attack. It seemed, however, that it took their whole self-control not to do so and the assassin couldn’t help but feel really nervous about the whole situation. “Parlaying” in his mind looked a little bit different.
The growling toned down and from the deeper part of the chamber an odd creature emerged. She - because definitely it was a “she” - had greenish skin and long, black hair. Her most distinguishing feature, however, were long, brown twigs that grew from her appendages replacing her hands and feet. She run these through the mane of the biggest of the werewolves and the beast calmed down instantly, leaning into the touch.
“I bid you welcome, mortal,” she said in a soft voice that resonated with rich undertones. “I see you fell victim to the curse we suffer. I apologize. I imagine your pain must be even greater than pain victims usually suffer. There’s so much darkness in you.” Zevran raised his brow. Darkness? The assassin knew darkness, intimately, but he never saw any signs of it in this tender, shy man. Even thinking about the concept with any connection to him seemed absurd; then, he had to admit, he didn’t know too much of the hunter’s background.
The creature wove a net of the green light and send it towards Tavaris, who sighed loudly as soon as it touched him. It took a moment for the lights to settle on his skin and then absorb into it. At the end of the process, elf’s arms visibly relaxed.  “I cannot undo the curse, mortal, but I can lessen your pain so you can finish what you came here for.”
“Thank you,” answered Tav quietly. “But I didn’t come here to talk about my inner darkness.”
“I came for the Witherfang’s heart… “ A vicious snarl interrupted Tav’s speech, but the young elf didn’t stop. “But I believe you wanted to tell me something about that.”
“I did,” she admitted. “I am the spirit of this forest, elf, and I kept you and the hunters at bay before. But you proved too resourceful for me and I have to find another way to keep them safe.” Her long twig-fingers combed through the fur on the werewolf’s head. The beast growled.
“We can keep you safe, my Lady. You and cubs and all that are too weak to fight. Let me tear them to pieces.”
“We don’t want any more bloodshed, Swiftrunner,” she said gently. “Just think of it — if you fight just more of your brothers and sisters will fall. Do you really want it?”
“No, my Lady,” the beast growled, calming down a bit, but still glaring at them with a murderous intent. The spirit turned its attention to their group.
“I apologize on Swiftrunner’s behalf. He struggles with his very nature.”
Tavaris smiled wearily.
“Aren’t we all, Lady…?”
“Truer words were never spoken,” something like smile flashed on the otherwise impassive face of the creature. “But few could claim the same as these creatures: that their very nature is a curse, forced upon them.” She paused to stroke Swiftrunner once again.
“No doubt you have questions, mortal. There are things Zathrian hasn’t told you.”
It was slowly becoming annoying. There was no time to play verbal games. The matter had to be resolved quickly, and the spirit seemingly was intent on making the conversation longer than it was needed. Tavaris apparently thought the same.
“Yes, yes, what are these things?” He asked, eager to cut to the chase.
“It was Zathrian, who created the curse those creatures suffer; the same curse that you and Zathrian’s own people suffer.”
Zevran felt his eyes widen — that was, at least, an interesting development.
“Why would he…” Tavaris seemed to be shocked too.
The spirit answered by telling the ancient tale of Zathrian’s children — raped and murdered by a human tribe which lived near Brecilian centuries ago. Well, it seemed that there were things in this world that didn’t change much with the passing time, as Zevran noted quietly.
“Zathrian sought revenge and so he called a powerful spirit and bound it to a wolf, which became Witherfang. Witherfang attacked the village, killing, maiming and turning villagers into mindless creatures you’ve encountered in the forest. But they are rabid no more.”
“If werewolves aren’t feral, then why was I attacked?” Asked Tavaris.  “You are Dalish,” answered the spirit. “And forgive us, we cannot tell differences between members of different clans; we had no idea you’re an outsider.” She furrowed her brow. “But Zathrian forced our hand. We have send envoys every time Tavella camped here, but the Keeper chose to ignore them. Now we send a message he cannot ignore. We need him to end this curse, as he is the only one who can do it.”
“So he didn’t ignore it this time. He asked me for help in hunting Witherfang. Tell me, where I can find him and he’ll break the curse.”
“He will not,” she answered. “He seeks only to cure his own people, but his hatred is still deep. And this cure will not work on those, who already changed. He needs to come here and see with his own eyes suffering he brought. Go to him, tell him I have the power to hide Witherfang from him for eternity. And I will do it if he won’t find a shred of sympathy in his heart.”
“I guess I don’t have much of a choice,” answered Tavaris, his expression turning sour. Zevran was pretty sure that just like him, he was counting time he had left before the curse took him — and the result didn’t seem favourable. There wasn’t much chance they’d manage to get back to the Dalish before the hunter turned into a rabid beast and the assassin wasn’t very optimistic about their chances to get the Keeper away from the camp without his help.
“People who wronged Zathrian are long dead, mortal. Have pity over those who bear the curse even if they never did anything wrong.”
Zevran scoffed quietly. He was half of a mind to suggest that they just should start killing werewolves until the spirit relented and gave them Witherfang, but that wasn’t going to end well too, he suspected.
“I believe I have enough reasons of my own to see this curse ended. I’ll come back with him,” Tavaris answered curtly. “If I have enough time left, that’s it.”
“Thank you. I’ve opened a passage for you there. I’m waiting for your return.”
 
As they emerged from the long staircase, they were surprised to find Zathrian there already, examining two werewolf bodies. Good, that saved them time, even if the reasons were suspicious.
“Zathrian!” Tavaris all but roared. “You’ve lied to us.” His hand was already on the hilt of his dagger.
Zevran was actually shocked. It wasn’t a common occurrence, as an Antivan Crow who lived past his thirty-second Día de Iniciación usually wasn’t moved by much. You learnt much in this life, whether you liked or not. By your Apogeo you would knew more about yourself than you ever wished. Few years forward and you would see men and women of every race and nation at their absolute worst. Add a handful more and you would learn to understand intimately their inner workings, how to push and where to pull to achieve your results. And soon after that you’d know almost everything there was to learn about the nature of men.
Yet, there still were surprises. Rare, and thus precious, no matter if you looked at  them as a thing to dissect or to enjoy. And while Zevran was always more prone to seeking the joys, this one had an unpleasant undercurrent of worry.
It wasn’t like Tavaris to act this way. Or, if it was, then the young elf hid it well so far, while the assassin already believed he had him taken apart and then put together with all the convenient labels and categories he needed. That thought was equally exciting and unnerving. Another, much scarier alternative was that the curse was finally taking hold on him. What was undebatable, however, was that the Crow never saw any signs that would suggest that the Dalish elf was capable of this kind of uninhibited rage.  And, while it surely would prove entertaining to watch him mutilate Zathrian, like apparently was his intent, it didn’t seem wise to do so right now. Not unless they had an alternative way of undoing the curse.
“We promised, querido,” he reminded his lover quietly, placing a calming hand on his shoulder in hope that it would stop the young man from murdering the Keeper with his bare hands. Tavaris hesitated and took a step back — not exactly leaning on the assassin, but obviously seeking as many points of contact as possible. Zevran complied, moving his hand to Tav’s hip in a calming gesture.
“How could you? How could you do this to your own people?” The streak of elvish curses that followed was intangible — the Crow suspected that even the Keeper might have had a problem with distinguishing the words.
Zathrian raised his hands.
“I see that you’ve spoken to the spirit,” he answered, keeping his face carefully neutral. “And that she made you listen to her lies, claiming the werewolves aren’t the savages they seem to be.”
“I actually saw them,” seethed Tavaris. “And I don’t believe she lied; she even confessed the crimes the humans committed. And she wants to parlay, even if I’d like to put an arrow in your eye.”
“So you know what they did and still won’t see reason?” Zathrian grimaced. “You are a disgrace! Supporting rapists and murderers? Letting that elvhen’alas paw at you as if you were a woman? No wonder your clan abandoned you.” He spat under Tavaris’ feet. “Harellan!”
Zevran more felt than saw the hunter tense even more, all coiled fury and hate. The insults seemed to touch his weak points and they couldn’t afford raising to that bait now.  There wasn’t much he could do, though, so he just squeezed the archer’s hip gently, trying to keep him grounded. The boy flinched slightly and the assassin felt a brief worry that he had misread his needs, but then he inched even closer, looking Zathrian deviantly in the eye.
“I support your people, Zathrian, as it should be your duty,” he drawled out, leaning heavily on Zevran, as if he didn’t trust his own body.  The assassin wasn’t sure if he was more afraid he’d fall without support or that he was going to attack the Keeper without someone to hold him back. “Your people, whom you doomed to suffering because of your hatred. Are they supposed to die too, because of crimes committed by shemlen dead for centuries?”
“That’s why I send you to get Witherfang’s heart,” Zathrian spat. “You promised me you’ll bring it to me. Are you not only a traitor to your people but also an oathbreaker?”
That had gone too far, Zevran knew. Tavaris, blinded with anger, was already jumping towards the Keeper, blades drawn, when the assassin threw his arms around him, stopping him mid-step.
“Mi querido,” he started soothingly. “If we want help, we need the bastard alive, I’m afraid. Remember, what she said.” That seemed to stop the young hunter, but the fury emanating from him was almost tangible.
“I swore to right the wrongs,” Tavaris drawled through his gritted teeth. “Wrongs that apparently were your doing.”
“It’s not my…” Zevran felt young elf’s muscles shift. The growl that came out of his throat was already inhuman.
“I don’t think you should anger him right now,” he suggested, looking at Zathrian, and hugged his lover close. “We really don’t want him to wolf out.”
Holding Tavaris when he looked like he could change any given moment was an unnerving experience, even by the Crow’s standards. Holding a person that could in any second turn into a mindless, bloodthirsty beast was a bit like holding a box of qunari gaatlok. Tav was a very tactile person, though, and Zevran had a feeling that the sensation of another body pressed against his was the only thing that kept the archer sane and elf-shaped right now.
Alistair finally found his balls somewhere in that steel can he insisted on wearing and stepped forward, frowning and quite foreboding.
“You’re coming with us, Zathrian, or you’ll be not only responsible for your own people but also for the all people murdered by the Darkspawn that he couldn’t stop.”
The Keeper sighed deeply, rubbing his bald head in a faked defeat.
“Fine. I’ll come to ‘parley’,” he said. “But only if you can guarantee my safety there. And I must warn you — I don’t really see any point in that.”
Tavaris relaxed, satisfied for now; the assassin, on the contrary — tensed, deeply distrusting Zathrian’s sudden change of mind. If the Keeper wasn’t planning anything, Zevran was an Orlesian maid.
“As long as you won’t start the fight, I guarantee that no harm will come to you,” promised the Warden, reluctantly drawing away from the Antivan. He seemed calmer now, but Zevran saw his rigid muscles, the slight grimace on his face and was sure that the young man still raged inside. But his voice was more natural now. The assassin suspected that the loss of control made the curse manifest itself stronger.
They descended slowly into the werewolf den, to find the Lady with her entourage waiting for them. Tavaris was leaning on the Antivan again, his movements getting more and more clumsy. The brief reprieve brought by the Lady’s blessing seemed to end as he was getting closer and closer to transforming.
“So here you are, spirit,” started Zathrian. Swiftrunner jumped in his direction, leaning over him menacingly.
“She’s the Lady of the Forest,” he growled. “You will address her properly.”
“You’ve taken a name, spirit? And you’ve given the names to your pets? These… beasts who follow you?”
“It was they who gave me a name, Zathrian. And the names they take are their own. They follow me, because I help them to find out who they are.
“Who they are has not changed from whom their ancestors were! Wild savages! Worthless dogs! Their twisted shape only mirrors their monstrous hearts!”
At that many people started to talk at once.
“He will not help us, Lady,” one of the werewolves growled.
“He’s not here to talk,”  that was another.
 “Do I have monstrous heart, Zathrian? Do your people?” Was Tavaris’ hissed remark.
“That is true. I’m not here to talk. I came for the Witherfang’s heart.” He turned to Tavaris. “Which will cure you and our hunters, even if I’m not sure you deserve it.”
“He has come to kill you, Lady!” Swiftrunner snarled and Zevran looked at him with a furrowed brow. There still were pieces left. Was it possible that the spirit was Witherfang?
“Huh. Just as I suspected,” Morrigan said quietly behind him, confirming his own suspicions.
“And what of you, mortal? Do you support Zathrian in this? Even after all you have heard?”
“I’d prefer a peaceful solution if one could be found,” Tavaris  answered but his voice was more of a growl than his usual, soft tone.
“He’s changing!” Announced Zathrian. “His mind is no longer his own!”
Zevran felt the slender muscles under his arm bulge and expand before he even managed to cast a glance at the hunter — Zathrian was right, Tavaris was changing and the thought invoked a sharp pang of panic in him. The young elf fell to his knees, slipping out of the assassin’s hold, as his body grew and twisted. His pained cries soon morphed into equally anguished howls, just as his pretty face turned into an animal snout and smooth limbs became covered in grey fur.
Zevran felt a heaviness settling in his bones. They have taken too long. Tavaris had become a beast.
The wolf-that-used-to-be-a-Warden curled into itself in pain, whimpering quietly. Zevran felt a bit at loss. It was disturbing to see that resolute young man reduced to that snivelling pile of fur.
Braska, he liked the boy. He didn’t wish to see him like that.
“Bear with it for a moment, querido. We’ll change you back in no time,” he promised, dropping to his knees at the Warden’s side and wrapping his arm around his back, just as one of the wolves who were silent so far darted to them and crouched next to them. As soon as Zevran touched him, Tavaris howled again and the werewolf snarled.
“Take your arm away, elf. He’s hurting.”
Zevran reluctantly obeyed. He did not know the workings of the curse and it stood to reason that the muscles overworked by the change might be sensitive to touch for the time being. The wolf kneeling next to them launched into a soft, cooing sound, hovering over Tavaris gingerly, but never making any skin contact.
Zevran looked up at Zathrian, feeling cold fury coiling in his gut.
“You are going to undo this curse right now, even if I’ll have to force you to do this,” he said quietly.
“I’m sorry for what happened to your friend, but I’m not going to do that. I won’t lift the curse, it’s justice.” The superfluous apology fell flat to the assassin’s ears, especially given the insults the Keeper threw at his lover a short while ago.
“You’re not, but you soon will be,” Zevran promised, raising to his feet. His threat was emphasized by the menacing sound of Sten’s sword being slowly drawn from its sheath.
“Are you sure that it’s only justice you seek, Zathrian?” The spirit asked quietly, sounding like she if she tried to delay the inevitable violence. “Have you even told them how you created the curse?”
“He told us that he bound your spirit to the body of a wolf,” Alistair answered, his own weapon halfway out from its sheath.
“Yes, that he did. But it’s a powerful magic, and such power needed his own blood. His people think that he discovered forgotten secret of immortality, but it is the curse that keeps him alive.” Her voice still sounded gentle and ethereal, bringing visions of a forest stream or wind’s soft whispers in the leaves, but the Crow couldn’t shake off an impression that it turned slightly accusing at the end.
“Does that mean that if we kill him, the curse will break?” Zevran asked, drawing his daggers with a feral grin. That he could do. He excelled at killing things, after all, and this time he had a very selfish motivation to succeed. And a pretty solid support.
“Not necessarily,” answered Morrigan, but before she had a chance to finish Zathrian’s staff glowed. Suddenly they found themselves unable to move, with bright hexes under their feet. Tavaris was sobbing, heartbreaking, inhuman sounds.
Morrigan shouted something, the symbols around them disappeared, and Zathrian staggered, hit with an ice projectile. Both of the warriors were already running in the mage’s direction, as Zevran cloaked himself in shadows, stealthily moving behind the Keeper. Leiliana was sending an arrow after an arrow in his direction, and while most of them bounced uselessly of the mage’s barrier, it was at least an additional distraction. The werewolves surrounding their group jumped into the fray too, bringing with them their snarls, growls and the terrifying claws.
The sobbing slowly calmed down, and though Zevran couldn’t really lose his focus right now, he spared a glance at the hunched Warden — the Lady was crouching at his side, running her twig fingers slowly through his fur. Reassured that the silence was, indeed, a good sign, he returned all his attention to the elven mage. The mage, who seemingly didn’t tire out, despite the fact that spells flew out of his hands like whores from a burning brothel.
He was focused on the wolves in the front of him at the moment, however, sending painfully looking  blasts of electricity through the creatures. That was Zevran’s opening.
He spared a quick thought to the poisons he used to coat his blades earlier. Both were potent and fatal, which, in retrospection, wasn’t the best choice he could make. Still, he hesitated only for a moment, before he jabbed the shorter of his blades into the elf’s thigh. The venom of the Drylands’ scorpion was as deadly as the concentrated widow’s broth, but it took much longer to work, paralysing the victim first.
Zathrian faltered, took a two wobbly steps forward and collapsed with an anguished groan, falling straight on his face. Alistair jumped at the opportunity, not processing yet what happened and pointed his sword at Zathrian’s neck.
“Are you ready to undo the curse now?”  He asked, pressing the blade to the skin softly.
Zathrian could only gurgle incoherently. The Crow showed the Warden away, kneeling by the fallen Keeper.
“Just give me a few moments,” he requested, pulling out several vials and needles from his belt. A small dose of magebane had to be administered first, then the antidote… and maybe a weaker paralysing agent? After a brief consideration, he showed the last vial back into its pocket and set to work. The Keeper had to be able to talk, perhaps to move too, and with his connection to the Fade weakened he wouldn’t be a big danger when there were so many people to keep him in check.
Few moments later Zathrian moved, raising on his arms and coughing loudly. Alistair repeated his question, but the Keeper only chuckled — a broken sound that turned quickly into another hacking fit.
“You are asking me at the tip of a sword if I will break the curse killing myself in the process,” he finally answered. “Do what you wish.”
Alistair smiled innocently.
“I could kill you, that’s true, but I’d never kill an unarmed man. However, I can give you to Tav’s lover, who actually happen to be a master of poisons and torture. And definitely doesn’t have any qualms about using these skills, as you could have already noticed.”
Zevran smiled at Zathrian. It was practised, threatening smile that didn’t reach his eyes. If it felt weird to be called Tav’s lover by others, now it wasn’t time to dwell on it. Actually, that was surprisingly good thinking on Alistair’s part. If the Keeper believed that the emotional connection here was deeper than it actually was, he was going to be only easier to intimidate. The determination of people who protected their loved ones was a frightening thing, after all. 
“I can brew a potion that will make you writhe in pain for days, as all the cursed did. Or one that will make your skin fall off, piece by piece. Or I can just skin you alive while you watch. Cut your fingers off, one slice at a time.  And that’s just the beginning,” he said quietly, playing along. “Or you can just give up and make my man lose the fur.”
“If I had the heart…” Started Zathrian, but he was interrupted by Leilana.
“Stop it. We already know it won’t help someone who has already changed. And these people,” she made a wide move with her arm, encompassing the gathered werewolves, “don’t deserve their fate either. Fix it!”
Swiftrunner growled.
“Just kill him.”
“No, Swiftrunner, we will not kill him,” protested the spirit, slowly approaching. “If there’s no room in our hearts for mercy how may we expect there to be room in his?”
Zathrian raised his head with an effort. The magebane side effects were apparently slow enough to make him sluggish, Zevran noticed, observing him with a cold, professional detachment.
“I cannot do what you ask, spirit,” he said, looking as if he forgot about the rest of the people gathered in the room. “I am too old to know mercy… All I see are the faces of my children, of my people… I… I cannot do it.”
“Are you sure, or are you afraid of dying?” One of the werewolves snarled, approaching slowly. “Because that will come for you anyway.”
It was only when the pawed hand landed on Zevran’s shoulder that the assassin realized it was Tavaris. He squeezed the paw gently. The fur was surprisingly soft.
“I’m glad you’re still… you,” he whispered. Tavaris made an odd sound.
“Lady helps,” he admitted in a garbled voice. “But I am angry… so angry it hurts.”
Zathrian looked at him with an odd expression. At first the assassin was sure that the Keeper was going to continue with his stubborn act, but as he looked at Tavaris looming over Zevran’s shoulder, then at Lady who was running her fingers gently through Swiftrunner’s fur, something in his face softened.
“Perhaps I have…  lived too long. This hatred in me is like an ancient, gnarled root. It has consumed my soul.” He moved slowly, until he managed to kneel. “What of you, spirit? You are as bound to this curse as I am. Do you not fear your end?”
“You are my maker, Zathrian,” she said, abandoning the wolf and kneeling in the front of the Keeper instead. Her movements were gentle and fluid like a summer breeze. “You gave me form and consciousness where none existed. I have known pain and love, hope and fear, all the joy that is life. Yet of all things I desire nothing more than an end. I beg you, maker, put an end to me. We beg you... show mercy“
It seemed that this attitude worked on Zathrian much better than threats. Of course, the Crow was confident that given enough time, he’d get from the mage whatever they needed — but this way seemed much faster. Zathrian reached out to the spirit, running his fingers over the twigs of her hands. Alistair, prompted by the nod from Tavaris, took a step back, sliding his sword back into its sheath.
“You shame me, spirit. I am an old man alive long past his time.”
“Then will you do it? Will you end the curse?” For the first time they came there the Lady seemed to be eager… knowing that she was eager to end her own life made the whole scene a little bit creepy in Zevran’s eyes. Still, if that’s what it took…
He looked at the werewolf at his side whose snout frozen in permanent snarl. His fur seemed to be on the lighter side, perhaps an echo of his honey-blond locks. He looked intently at the scene in the front of them and Zevran squeezed the paw on his shoulder once again. Tavaris didn’t lose his mind, despite the bestial form, so Zevran wouldn’t abandon him; his oath was still valid. But he really itched to run his fingers through that blond hair again, so he hoped the spirit succeeded.
When he looked back to the old elf he saw him engaged in a mute conversation with the spirit. Finally, he stood up slowly.
“Yes, I think it is time. Let us… Let us put an end to all that.” He leaned heavily on his staff and gestured at the spirit. “Come here. I hope I’ll manage to pull this ritual with that magebane in my blood”
“I can boost the power if that’s what you need,” Morrigan offered, stepping forward, just as Lady took a step in his direction and nodded solemnly.
Zathrian looked at the both women somberly, nodded his agreement to the witch then started his incantation. Morrigan raised her staff, sending a green stream of light in his direction.
One moment, the Keeper was standing tall, chanting a complicated, elven spell, next second he was already lying lifeless on the floor — the change was so fast that the assassin didn’t even manage to see what happened. The spirit sighed loudly and raised her twigs in something resembling blessing. The werewolves surrounded her, crowding near as if they wanted to keep her despite of what was happening. Even Tavaris turned to her, his sharp moves betraying anxiety.
In a soft glow Lady dispersed, part by part, until all that remained was clean air. And in this very second all of the werewolves flashed with blinding, white light, forcing Zevran (and everyone else) to look away. When the light dimmed enough to look again the assassin found his Warden curled on the floor beside him, moaning in pain.
“Twice a day… That’s too much,” he murmured quietly, as Zev helped him to his feet and pulled him into a tight hug. His hair felt like silk under his hand.
“She’s gone… And we’re human. I can’t believe,” said one of the other men freed from the curse. The Antivan couldn’t be sure, but he suspected it was Swiftrunner. An elven woman in her thirties massaged her arms and looked gently at the archer, who was hiding his face in Zevran’s neck. The assassin caught her eyes, suddenly realizing that it was probably the one who took care of Tav while he was transforming.  He mouthed a quiet ‘thank you’ in her direction, making her smile and nod. Yes, it had to be her.
“So it’s done,” announced Alistair as if anyone present could miss that. “Go and have good lives.” He hesitated for a second. “But… you might want to ask the Dalish for some clothes first. Just a friendly advice.”



Stolen Child
Chapter Summary
BRAND NEW CHAPTER:After leaving the ruins the party returns to the Dalish camp. Zevran gets an unexpected invitation.
Chapter Notes
30th May 2017:All riiiiiight. I know it's not "Monday-ish" anymore, but this time "editing" turned into "scraping all the old stuff and writing something entirely else". And there's going to be another chapter of the new stuff before I get back to the old material. I had lots of fun with the lore (which I bend and edit mercilessly for my own purposes), the elven is my usual flailing with canon sources, Project Elvhen and my own imagination. I'm not going to translate all the stuff I managed to put in there, most can be pieced together from the Project Elvhen anyway, if you really, really want. The most interesting (and confusing) stuff would be probably the title Dalish use to talk about Tavaris - Dorf’amelan’lin. It's supposed to acknowledge his status both as a Grey Warden and as a Dalish. "Dorf'amelan" is supposed to mean "Grey Guardian" - a Dalish name for the Wardens, the appendix 'lin" is the same one that appears in lethallin, to indicate kinship. If they were polite to Alistair, they'd call him just Dorf'amelan. Or so I tell myself ;P 
Anyway, have fun, another chapter in few days :) I'd be very happy to hear from you.



It took them much longer than they planned to get back to the main camp. Going at the brisk pace they would probably manage to reach the Dalish before the nightfall; unfortunately, that was out of the question. Tavaris, while much better than before, was terribly exhausted from his transformations and the sickness that preceded them. The werewolves — or, rather, the former werewolves, offered them their hospitality in the ruins, but Tav politely declined, eager to get out of the place that nearly became his new home. Nobody objected, most put off by the stench of the lair.
Now Zevran wondered if that was the right decision. The hunter who at first stubbornly refused any help, now was leaning heavily on the Antivan shoulder, each step a struggle. At least the forest was much calmer; there were no werewolves to attack them, the wild animals seemed to avoid them and the trees stayed immobile, even if the assassin noticed a suspiciously face-like trunk now and then.
“I think we should make a camp,” he finally said when Tav’s head fell heavily on his shoulder. The archer looked up with visible effort, starting to protest.
“Let’s keep moving.”
“Hermoso, you’re barely standing now,” Zevran chided him gently. “And that pretty butt of yours is actually much heavier than it looks.”
Tavaris pouted and Zevran swore inwardly that it was one of the most ridiculous things he ever saw.
“I want a bath, Zevran. And a tent.” He paused for a second. “Well, what I really want is a nice, cozy aravella, but a tent would do.”
“Tomorrow, querido,” Zevran promised. “You’ll get your bath and tent and we can even talk to the Dalish, ask about the land…”
The young man shook his head.
“The only spare aravellas they might have are those that belonged to some of the dead. They didn’t have enough time to perform the rites yet, so we can’t use those.”
“Alright, but anything else you wish. We won’t move out until you’re recovered,” Zevran looked the young man in the eye. “But for now, just let us camp. You need your rest.”
The Dalish finally relented, nodding reluctantly.
“Has the Warden stopped being obstinate?” Morrigan asked from her position several meters farther. “Because I can hear the stream from here and I believe we could find a decent camping spot there.”
Zevran nodded.
“Sure, go ahead. I’m going to stay here with him, so let us know when you find something, yes?”
Morrigan nodded and disappeared in the forest; for some reason Zevran couldn’t really fathom, Alistair followed her, stomping through the bushes like an angry druffalo.
“We’re low on the rations, so I’m going to try to catch us some dinner,” Leliana offered. “I’m not sure how I’ll fare but maybe I’ll manage to get us something.”
“Be quiet and be patient,” Tavaris advised. “And look for the weakest animals, not the ones that would only get angry if wounded. Stay away from bears, boars and wild druffalos. I think roes are your best bet. Hares are difficult to shoot.” He smiled softly. “I’m sorry I can’t go with you.”
Leliana smiled gently.
“Give it a day or two and you’ll be again the one who’s feeding us. Who’s better to do it than an elf, anyway?”
The hunter’s expression soured instantly, but Leliana didn’t notice, already turning to leave. Sten stayed, but sat down on a rock nearby, already completely immersed in polishing his sword. Zevran helped Tavaris onto a fallen tree log and sat beside him.
 “What’s with that face, my dear Warden?” He asked, tracing the planes of the said face with his fingers. The gesture was much more tender than Zevran would usually prefer, but it was a great relief to see the handsome face back where the animal muzzle once was.
“That’s it. I’m not hunting anymore,” the Dalish announced grimly. “I’m not a bloody servant.”
“No one is saying you are, querido.” The assassin put his arm around the hunter’s shoulders and pulled him closer, so Tavaris was leaning against him comfortably.
“No? What about her?”  The ranger gestured to the forest, in the direction where Leliana went. “Who’s better than an elf? Soon she’s going to demand that we wash her bowls or carry her packs.”
Zevran ran a soothing hand along his shoulder.
“I believe that was just a poor choice of words, nothing more, querido. She just wanted to express her appreciation for your skills and acknowledge that you’re such a masterful hunter because you were raised Dalish.”
“If you say so,” Tavaris acquiesced. “I still didn’t like it.”
“You don’t have to. But keep in mind that she probably didn’t have in mind anything half as harmful as you imagine. What are you doing?” The last question was brought by Tavaris pushing himself closer into Zevran’s hold, and nuzzling his face into his neck.
“I want you close,” the hunter whispered. “I was so scared I’m never going to hold you again, to feel your touch. That you were going to leave me.”
“I wouldn’t leave you, hermoso mio,” Zevran promised, even though some part of him wanted to run away right now. That was what he was looking for, he reminded himself. To become irreplaceable. For Tavaris to trust him and need him. Now it felt like an unbearable burden, even as he pushed the long braid to a side and kissed the back of Tav’s neck. “My oath is to you, no one else. I swore to serve you, not Alistair, not the Wardens, just you. So as long as you’re alive and in your right mind and haven’t freed me of it, I’ll stay.”
“But I told you you can go. You’re free, vhenan.” There was a resigned note in the young man’s voice, as if he expected Zevran to stand up and leave this very second.
“Ah, but your quest is not yet done? So I guess, you still need a dashing assassin on your side, yes? Or am I wrong?”
“If you’re going to base your decisions on that question, I might never let you go.” Tavaris smiled weakly, resting his head on Zevran’s shoulder. “I grew rather attached to you, you know?”
Zevran forced a pleasant smile and placed a gentle kiss on Tavaris’ temple.
“Then don’t. I find your company pleasant and, besides, the Crows still are breathing down my neck. I feel better shielded by your mighty arrows than I would on my own.”
“So… You want to stay with me?” Tavaris asked, a shiver of hope in his voice.
“Yes, my dear Warden. I do.”
“Good,” Tavaris more exhaled than said that, cuddling even closer and closing his eyes as he nuzzled Zevran’s neck. 
The assassin was still trying to decide how to deal with that uncomfortable amount of affection, when he felt the Dalish relax against him.  The young man finally succumbed to the exhaustion, falling asleep. Zevran sighed. That was becoming a familiar pattern.
Sten watched him from his position nearby, suddenly more interested in the elves than in his sword. Unfortunately, with this impassive face of his, Zevran had no idea what he might be thinking. It could be useful to start needling the qunari later, get some feel of his thoughts and reactions. Having this unreadable giant with them was just asking for problems.
There was a unpleasant vulnerability in sitting under the ox-man stare, while weighted down by lax, trusting body of the young elf and Zevran felt rather happy to hear Alistair stomping back through the undergrowth. The Templar might not trust him and have all the brilliance and social graces of a drunken rhino, but at least the Crow felt pretty confident that the Chantry Boy won’t try to run him with his sword without any provocation. Especially not when he had their precious leader almost in his lap.
“Morrigan found a spot and it even isn’t too creepy,” Alistair announced and Tavaris stirred slightly against Zevran. “Where’s Leliana?”
“She went to catch us something to dinner,” the hunter yawned. “When did I fall asleep?”
“Not too long ago,” the assassin assured. “Are you fine with moving?”
“I’m tired, not a cripple,” Tavaris protested. “I can manage a short walk.”
 
As it turned out, Leliana hadn’t had much luck, and returned at the dusk, empty-handed. Morrigan rolled her eyes in exasperation and slithered into the forest, only to give them all a scare about an hour later, returning as a giant bear with a deer corpse hanging out of her enormous jaws. Tavaris seemed the only person unperturbed by her reappearance and he spend the rest of the evening making fun of the shemlen who can’t even recognize a familiar shifter. 
In the morning he was stronger and insisted on pushing forward as fast as possible.
“The were… The cursed promised to send someone with the Keeper’s body today at the first light and I need time to inform the clan of what happened and calm everyone down so they won’t kill Zathrian’s escort at sight. We must hurry!”
“I don’t really understand why you insisted they send the body back so soon,” Alistair said. “It’s cold in the ruins, so it should hold a little bit longer.”
Tavaris was almost frantic when he looked at the Templar.
“The rites, Alistair, the Suledin rites must be observed now! The clan is vulnerable without a Keeper!”
“They have Lanaya in case anything happened, querido,” Zevran tried to calm him down. “Even if she doesn’t know yet that she has to take a mantle, she is supposed to act as a Keeper in case anything happens, no? And I doubt Zathrian cares much now. He’s dead.”
“But she isn’t a Keeper yet, Zevran!” Tavaris tossed his hands in the air in an exasperated gesture. “It can’t happen until Zathrian is properly send off and without a Keeper the clan is in danger!” He looked at them, as if he  was explaining something obvious then gave a tormented sigh. “You won’t understand. Just hurry!”
They arrived at the camp just before the noon, Tavaris almost forcing them to run, even though he wasn’t completely recovered yet. The sentries who stopped them were hostile and surprisingly anxious as they surrounded them, with swords drawn and bows at ready.
“Where’s the Keeper, Tavaris Mahariel Sabrae?” Their leader demanded. Zevran barely recognized the woman who greeted them the first time. Previously, while slightly aloof, she was rather friendly, at least towards the elf. Now there was nothing of that friendliness left. She looked like she was barely restraining herself from clawing his eyes out.
“Ar abelas, lethallan,” Tavaris answered, almost bend in half and breathing heavily, then followed with a long plea in elvish. The woman spat something back and Tavaris offered another long explanation. The elves around them seemed more and more furious.
Zevran didn’t feel safe at all.
“Fine, you can talk to the First,” the woman, Mithra — the assassin remembered — said finally, this time speaking the Trade. “You will come with me, but these shemlen stay here, under guard. The banal’vhen and hun’vhen too. Do not cause trouble.”
Tavaris turned to them with an urgent look in his eyes.
“Please, stay calm. They won’t do anything to you unless Lanaya says otherwise, and I will explain everything to her,” he said quickly. “We’re not in trouble, they’re just scared and confused. I beg you, just stay calm.”
“I’m not letting anyone shoot me full of arrows, Tavaris, even if they just lost their Keeper,” Morrigan spat angrily. “I am Asha'bellanar’s blood, and I’m not going to stand for it.”
“Morrigan, I beg you, don’t —” that was all the hunter managed to say, before Mithra cut him off.
“Enough. If you want to speak to the First, better come before I lost my patience.”
 
That was an unpleasant wait. The Dalish backed off a little, giving them some breathing space and some of the bows were lowered, but there were arrows trained at them all the time — the arches took turns as their arms tired — and someone was always eyeing them suspiciously with their hand on the sword hilt.
The Dalish were tense and hostile, but as Zevran watched them, he saw clearly that Tavaris was right. They were frightened for some reason and all that aggression clearly stemmed from that fear. It wasn’t very comforting thought — scared people were often unpredictable, but it gave the assassin the confidence that there were openings to exploit in case of a fight. Fear made people prone to mistakes.
Alistair and Leliana seemed as nervous as the elves. The Templar was standing tall, watching their guardians warily and poised to attack — which was foolish, since there wasn’t a chance of holding that stance for long without muscles tiring and weakening. Leliana acted slightly more sensibly, forcing a smile and keeping her hands away from her weapons, but Zevran saw the way she fiddled with a holy symbol on her neck — which usually was hidden under her clothes. Morrigan was more pissed than scared, leaning on her staff and giving everyone around a stink eye, but she didn’t try to start anything. Sten was stoic, as usual. As soon as Mithra left with Tavaris he just sat down in a meditative pose Zevran saw him do often in the evenings and closed his eyes. That seemed to be the best solution of all, for now, so he knelt down and started to recite soundlessly the focusing mantras he learnt during his apprenticeship with the Crows. For anyone looking, he would seem relaxed and unguarded, but the position let him move quickly if attacked, without putting an unnecessary strain on his muscles, and the familiar exercise sharpened both his senses and reflexes, giving him much needed clarity of the mind.
Time passed. Zevran felt the sun on his face move, heard the loud thud of Alistair finally giving up and sitting on the ground. Leliana started to pace nervously, the rustle of her clothes loud as a shout to the assassin’s hyperfocused senses. The elves paced too, tense bows creaked quietly. Above them leaves rippled faintly. There were some quiet murmurs of whispers now and then, low sounds of swords clinking against their scabbards, steps in the distance getting closer, soft touch of wind on his face.
He wasn’t surprised at all when another Dalish stepped into the path, said something quietly to one of the guards, making him come closer and stand over Zevran. The assassin didn’t open his eyes until he felt the man’s shadow falling over him.
“Yes?” He inquired with an air of bored politeness, while preparing himself to strike in case the Dalish man turned aggressive.
“The First wants to see you, flat-ear,” Zevran raised one of his brows. That was actually a surprise. “The rest of you can go to back to your camp. Stay there and don’t do anything stupid.” The speaking elf was still nervous and tense, obviously thrown off the kilter, but the heavy air of hostility was gone.
“Where’s Tavaris?” Alistair demanded, scrambling clumsily to his feet. “If he’s hurt…”
“Calm down, shem.”  The guard sighed quietly. “Dorf’amelan’lin still talks with the First, making arrangements for the evening. They requested the flat-ear’s presence, but they both should come back before the rites start.  There’s no reason to throw threats.”
“I see no reason to —” Alistair started again, obstinate as usual, but Leliana put a hand on his shoulder and whispered something to him. The Templar sighed heavily. “Fine. But if he doesn’t come back, I’ll come to search for him and I don’t care…”
“Alistair, stop,” Leliana said, this time louder.
“Listen to her,” Zevran advised. “He can handle himself and he’s feeling better now, but I’ll look after him, if it makes you feel better.”
The look Alistair gave him said clearly that it didn’t make him feel better, at all, but luckily he didn’t offer any further protests. Zevran stood up, making an exaggerated scene of flicking dirt off his pants and followed after the Dalish who led him into the main camp.
 
The camp was a flurry of preparations. The landships were moved, small fires extinguished and disassembled and a bigger, oddly shaped hearth was currently being constructed in the middle of the cleared space.
Some of the children were busy literally sweeping the forest floor, covering the ashes left from the fires with pine needles and distributing the rest evenly in the designated ritual area. A little bit further, behind the line of moved landships, new fires were lit and some people were gathered there, apparently busy with cooking or, maybe, brewing.
He would easily miss Tavaris, standing to the side with Lanaya and talking quietly, since he blended with the clan seamlessly, if not for the fact that the two of them were the only ones who didn’t seem to be engaged in the frantic preparations.
Their postures were open and mostly relaxed, even if Lanaya showed traces of the same rigidness that plagued her whole clan. They didn’t notice them, chatting amiably, as Zevran’s guardian gestured in their direction and walked away without a word, leaving the assassin alone in the middle of the camp.
He briefly wondered if that was a sign of trust or complete dismissal, but before he came to any conclusion Tavaris noticed him and beamed.
“Zevran!” He greeted him warmly and turned to the First. “This is the man I was speaking about, Sael. He’s very dear to me and I would hate for him to lose this opportunity.”
A polite greeting froze on Zevran’s lips, as he listened to the introduction. He wasn’t sure which part of that statement felt more odd: the fact that Tavaris spoke of him, that he introduced him as someone ‘dear’, or the fact he spoke of an ‘opportunity’ all of a sudden.
The First turned to him, her smile more tentative than Tav’s, but still friendly.
“En'an'sal'en, lethallan,” she greeted him. “We have not been properly introduced in that whole mess, and Dorf’amelan’lin Tavaris informed me that it was a serious oversight on our side. Please, accept my apology.”
He regained his composure and bowed slightly, a half-formal Antivan bow — enough to denote respect without being overly humbling. He wasn’t sure if the gesture was clear for the elves, but it was better than nothing when the First seemed to be rather polite.
“No harm done, senora.” He had no idea what the proper honorifics for a Dalish First would be, so he stuck with the safe option of playing ‘polite but clueless foreigner’ — though he wasn’t sure if it was still playing if he was indeed clueless and foreign. “We came in a time of trouble for you and your people, it’s normal that some rules of politeness wouldn’t be observed. You had much more serious problems than entertaining an uninvited foreigner.”
There was a mute exchange of slightly resigned looks between Tavaris and Lanaya and Zevran wondered what it was about. When the First spoke again, to Tavaris this time, her tone was sympathetic.
“I see what you were talking about, lethallan,” she said before turning back to Zevran. “Tavaris told me you are a unir’vera esha’lin,” she looked at his blank face and corrected herself, realizing that he didn’t understand what she was saying. “A stolen child, I mean. Your mother was Dalish, right?”
He looked at her, taken aback and for a moment considered lying and running away. Why would Tavaris reveal something so personal about him? He stopped himself, immediately seeing the flaw in this kind of thinking. Of course he would reveal intimate things about Zevran and it was only his own fault for ever telling them in the first place. He was an idiot for sharing a secret and expecting it not to be used. He was a Crow, even if disgraced. He should had known better.
His smile was stiff when he answered. “She was. Unfortunately I cannot tell you much more about her. She died when I was born, among the humans, and I was never a part of a clan.”
There was a pitying look on her face that was hard to stomach and Zevran steeled himself. He didn’t need to aggravate anyone, he needed to quickly learn what they wanted and excuse himself without causing an incident.
Tavaris looked at him with an apologetic expression, apparently more observant than usual,  for once.
“I’m sorry for speaking about you without asking you first, ma’halla. But… I was invited to the Suledin rites for Zathrian and I asked for this invitation to include you and I had to explain why I was asking, because that’s not something we share with the outsiders.”
Zevran was close to pointing out that he was an outsider, but kept his mouth shut. Lanaya spoke again, still with that awful pity written all over her face.
“Tavaris asked on your behalf because you were stolen from your people and from your heritage and he believes you deserve a chance of reclaiming it. He can’t offer you a clan, but I can. Join us in the rites, da’len, see, what it means to be a Dalish. Give yourself a chance to learn.”
It was quite a quagmire. He was tempted, really tempted to reject the invitation, laugh it off and leave to vent. That was much more personal than he liked. But there were armed Dalish everywhere, who could not take kindly to his casual disdain for their customs and the honour he was supposedly granted — and there was Tavaris, who would be wounded and offended as well. And while he could probably escape the clan, he liked and needed the Warden. They would be both much more comfortable if he humoured him, spend an evening, or even a night with the Dalish, playing along and pretended he was deeply touched. It was meaningless, anyway.
“Thank you,” he finally said with as much sincerity as he could muster. “I’ll be honoured to join you.”
What was a night of pretending and digging out the memories of a mother he never knew, compared to his training and things he had to endure during it. Absolutely nothing.
 
They left soon after, after Zevran explained that their companions were rather anxious about the situation. Tavaris dawdled a bit, but at the assassin’s insistence he said his farewells, promising they’ll be back before the sunset. Zevran hoped he’d have some of that time for himself — he could have been losing his edge, but that whole situation touched things he’d prefer not to have touched. He could use some alone time to ground himself  before all that emotional turmoil became a source of fatal missteps.
Tavaris walked with him in silence until after they left the hearing range of the sentries. As soon as they reached a more private spot he turned around and pressed a surprise kiss into the assassin’s lips. It was obviously meant to be sweet and short, but then another peck followed and the next thing Zevran knew was that he was pulling his partner close, one hand on the small of his back, another entangled into his loose braid, and kissing him hungrily.
Tavaris whispered something in elvish against his lips, his tone low and sultry and then pushed gently away with a wistful expression on his pretty face.
Zevran smirked, chasing after him and got another kiss in reward.
“Were you talking dirty to me, querido?” He teased, leaning down to nip at Tav’s delicate ear. As it could be expected, the hunter blushed. What was less expected, was the answer.
“Actually, almost,” he admitted. “I’m…” He stumbled over the words. “I wish we could just retire into my tent and stay there.” He clearly wanted to say something else at first, but the sentiment was as obvious as his half-erection pressed into Zevran’s thigh.
“We have almost a whole day, querido, we’ve got food and nothing pressing to do,” the Crow reasoned quietly and run the tip of his tongue along the long earlobe. Tav’s ears were much longer than his own and slightly slimmer — it would be an undesirable trait in a city elf, since they were almost impossible to hide, but Zevran personally always found it very appealing. There was something graceful and proud about this distinguishably elven shape — or maybe it was just the fact that long ears were commonly associated with sensuality and the assassin let that superstition influence him.
The folk wisdom said that the longer the elven ears, the more sensitive they were. Nothing the assassin saw so far seemed to disprove it and he was tempted to see how true were these words for Tavaris — judging by the muted whimpers building in the Warden’s throat as he mouthed along the subtle appendages that could be a very enjoyable experiment.
“We can’t,” the hunter moaned and Zevran, busy with his ears, had to take a few seconds to remember what he was talking about. “You don’t do…” He paused and Zevran was sure he was searching for some awful euphemism to describe sex, so it came as a surprised when he turned his head and looked the Antivan deep in the eye before trying again. “You aren’t supposed to… have sex before the rites.” He said, almost without a stutter. It was commendable and adorable at once, since this display of assertiveness turned his ears a deep shade of pink.
He usually wouldn’t press, but he really wanted sex now. It was nice, easy, pleasurable and perfectly cleared the mind of the troubles, at least for some time. So he bend lower, moving his lips to a sensitive spot near Tavaris’ jaw and murmured against his skin.
“Would it be really so bad to stretch this rule a bit?” A kiss, a flick of the tongue on that strategic spot. “I don’t want to offend, but you’re so delectable right now.” A bit higher, closer to the ear, a playful nip. “And I’m really happy to have you healthy and in this gorgeous body.” A shift of his hips, pressing his erection against Tav’s stomach. The leathers between them were stiff, but there was a chance that the hunter would still get a hint. “And I would really like to ravish you right now.”
Tavaris groaned, tilting his head back. He looked like a man struggling with an impossible choice. Zevran smirked and nosed gently along the ear he was caressing earlier. “Please, querido,” he purred.
“If this was only a matter of tradition, you’d have me convinced already,” Tavaris admitted. “I really, really want you and after these last few days…” He sighed, shifting away from the assassin and holding him stiffly at the arm’s length. “But we’re really going to need that energy later, so I must say no.”
That was intriguing. He gave Tavaris his best rakish smile as he asked, “Oh? Save our energy, you say? You aren’t trying to tell me that I was unwittingly invited to a ritual orgy, no? Because if you are, I must ensure you I’m not going to hold a little orgy against you.”
He didn’t think there would be an orgy, no, not really. Not with Tavaris’ virginal shyness, not with the crazy ideas he seemed to have about sex. But then, religious people did all the kinds of weird stuff and liked to rationalize it in most ridiculous ways, to he didn’t deny that he still had a silver of hope that maybe he’d be pleasantly mistaken. Alas, Tavaris blushed even more and shook his head emphatically.
“No! Zevran! No!” He sputtered. “What, in the Creators name, even gave you that idea?!” Before the assassin managed to react, the Dalish raised both his hands in a defensive gesture. “No, please, don’t tell me. It’s you. Of course it was the first thing that came to your mind.” He looked half panicked as he took deep breaths and Zevran couldn’t hold his laughter in any longer. He almost choked on it, as he mindlessly caught one of Tav’s hands, pressing a tender kiss to his palm. There were tears in his eyes when he let his lover go and Tavaris was watching him in bewilderment.
“I am sorry, querido, I couldn’t stop myself from teasing you a bit,” he admitted. “You have the most wondrous reactions. But, and this I ask on much more serious note, I have no idea what I am for. What should I expect? How should I behave?”
This calmed the hunter down  a little and he smiled bashfully.
“I have never seen you laugh like this before,” he observed. “It suits you, and if I need to be the butt of a joke to see it, I can bear it. And what should you expect…” He paused, rubbing his chin. “I don’t think I can really describe it to you. There will be singing and drums, some magic, we’ll ask Zathrian if he has anything that needs to be taken care of and wish him safe travels. And we’ll tell stories in his memory. Lanaya will get blessing to lead her clan. But…” There was a hesitation in his voice. “It will be special, I promise, and nothing bad will happen to you. I’m not a storyteller, I’m not good with the words, so I can’t really describe what will happen. But it will be an experience you’re unlikely to forget, this I promise.”
Zevran doubted it — in his experience religious ceremonies tended to be tedious and dull. But there was earnestness in Tavaris face and he seemed to really anticipate the event, so the assassin gave him the benefit of the doubt — which was something he rarely did.
“Well, then I shall wait to see it for myself,” he said with an easy smile. “Anything else?”
Tavaris bit his lips and offered a few more advices: to wear something white if he could find it — even a token, if nothing more, loose his braids, so the soul wouldn’t get tangled in it, and the final bit, which came with a sad smile.
“And, of course, it would be better if they didn’t notice we’re sleeping together. I speak of you to them as I would of a dear friend, not a lover, and it would be best to keep this illusion.” It was evident from his tone that this part soured his mood. “They shouldn’t do much if they knew, but I might lose some goodwill I gathered so far and I wouldn’t want them to change their minds and decide that they won’t send aid to a deviant who lies with a man instead of women.”
Zevran sighed deeply and pulled Tavaris back in an embrace.
“I get it, I’ll behave and I’ll keep my hands to myself,” he promised, inhaling the smell of the hunter’s hair. “But don’t speak of yourself in these words, querido. Don’t hurt yourself with your people’s prejudices. There’s nothing wrong or bad about your pleasures and don’t let anyone tell you otherwise.”
“But…” Tavaris voice was slightly choked and Zevran pulled away a little, just to look the young man in the face.
“Nothing wrong, Tavaris,” he repeated seriously. “I’m not sure what good or right looks like, but I have seen plenty of wrong. Believe me, when I say — that’s not it.”
The hunter shook slightly — a stifled sob, perhaps? — but his eyes were clear and bright.
“Thank you, vehnan.”  There was a soft smile on his lips as he stood on his tiptoes to give Zevran an uncomfortably chaste peck on the cheek. The assassin barely restrained himself from flinching — people never kissed him like that — but Tavaris, being his usual oblivious self, fortunately hadn’t noticed.
“I… I am sorry for putting you on the spot like that,” he said quietly. “With the First, I mean. I should’ve asked you first, but I panicked a bit at the invitation.”
That… was unexpected.
“How is so?” Zevran prompted, seeing that the hunter was bottling up again, the difficulty of sifting through his own thoughts clearly visible on his face.
“I mean…” There was something akin to a desperation on the Dalish man’s face as he struggled to express himself. “All I said was true! I really want to show you the ceremony, it should be shared and you deserve a chance to see it.” His eyes softened. “It was taken away from you and you should at least know if you want it back, right?” He faltered again and Zevran smiled at him, trying to get him to ease up.
“Well, I don’t consider myself ‘stolen’, not really, but there’s certain logic in your words I can’t deny,” he admitted. He still wasn’t sure how he felt about that whole business, curiosity and practicality warring in him with indignation. “I’m not mad.” That almost wasn’t a lie — he was angry, but mostly at himself. He shouldn’t had let Tavaris so close. “I know that you had noble intentions. But what else you were trying to tell me?”
Tavaris looked pensively at his feet.
“I really wanted to go, but I didn’t want to go alone,” he admitted quietly after a pause long enough to make Zevran wonder if he’d answer at all. “I miss the clan gatherings, the common rites, all that stuff… But, while I’m not an exile, the truth is I could as well be one. I don’t belong here, I will stuck out like a sore thumb. I wanted someone with me, someone I can trust.”
Zevran should be glad. That was what he was looking for the whole time, wasn’t it? He wanted to get close, to get Tavaris’ trust so he would get a better control over their safety. But this was… wrong. Unexpected. There was no friction, no resistance he’d expected when running a scam. It was just too easy — there were no guards to break, no barriers to overcome. He knew already that Tavaris was trusting, but he just accepted him, without questions, without hesitation, without…
In some ways it was like bracing yourself against a door with an intention of forcing it, only to discover they were opened all along, just as you gracelessly fall through it.
It seemed that Tavaris took Zevran’s prolonged silence as a bad sign. His face fell and he backed out of the assassin’s personal space, looking at the ground with a forlorn expression.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to force you or anything. You don’t have to go, I shouldn’t use you this way, I’ll go tell the First that you changed your mind, don’t worry about it, I’m sorry I pushed you, I should have never…”
Zevran snapped out of his own confusion, grabbing Tav’s hands and looking at him intently.
“You’re babbling, querido. Calm down, please,” he said, forcing himself to smile. “I’m not angry and I will gladly come with you if it makes you feel better,” he was surprised to discover he actually meant that. “It’s just… a lot to take, yes? I think I need some alone time now, but I will join you if that’s what you wish for. I just need to gather my thoughts, nothing more, yes?”
One second he saw Tavaris blink slowly and the very next he had his arms full of a beaming young elf, who seemed intent on kissing every single inch of his face.

“Ma serannas, fenor, 
nuvas ema ir
’enastela, ma melava halani,
 gaildahlas, serannas, serannas, serannas.
”

Zevran chuckled, taken by surprise, but, weirdly enough, not really disturbed by it.
“I don’t need to know elven, hermoso, to know you’re babbling again. Calm down, please.”
The hunter backed off a little, squeezing Zevran’s hands, blushing in embarrassment.
“Uh, I’m sorry,” he said quietly, flustered but still smiling brilliantly. “What I meant to say was: thank you. Take your time, I’ll be in our camp.”
“I’ll be back early enough to prepare,” Zevran promised and turned away, seeking the refuge of the forest.



Suledin rites
Chapter Summary
NEW CHAPTER: Dalish rites.
Chapter Notes
So, here I am, twisting the canon lore to fit with my ideas. I try to keep it more or less consistent with Bioware stuff, but honestly, I feel that the Dalish, as they were shown in games, are bland. We know that the Keepers' magic is powerful (like, slowing the Taint spreading? That's huge!) We know that other people consider them weird and scary, we know that they are aggressive towards humans -- but it's usually told by other characters, not shown and the Dalish we actually meet in the games... Well, they kinda fall flat, when matched to their own legend. So I'm trying to write them a bit wilder, a bit more aggressive, a bit more magical. If anyone is interested how I see this stuff fitting into the canon lore, you can drop me a message. I'll be way too happy to chat.(Or you can leave a comment too, you know, comments are my life's blood.)



He barely managed to keep his word, not familiar with the forests. He wandered off a bit too far and had problem with finding his way back, until he stumbled on one of the sentries. The man pointed him in the camp direction, which was the opposite way to the one he’d picked by himself. Well, he definitely wasn’t born to be traipsing through forests.Tavaris was already getting ready, dressed in his Dalish leggings and tunic, with white sash tied at his waist. The only thing he wore as a means of protection were his long laminar leg guards, but even those were obviously more of a stylistic than a practical choice. He was fumbling with his braid when he noticed Zevran entering the camp.“You’re here,” he smiled. “Good. I was getting worried I’ll have to ask Morrigan to look for you.”“It was close,” Zevran admitted. “But I managed to run into sentries before I run into anything that would like to eat me.”“I’m glad.” The Warden smiled gently, before getting back to his hair. “Fenedhis, it’s completely tangled,” he complained, pulling at the messed up hair angrily. “I should probably cut it…” His brilliant smile disappeared, replaced by a furrowed brow when he glared at the knot in his hand.Zevran sighed, plucking the comb from the hunter’s hand gently, and stepped behind him, starting to carefully untangle messed hair.“Do you want to cut it?” He asked quietly, working his way through the knots. Tavaris sighed.“No, I don’t,” he admitted. “I was told that my father wore his hair this long — and I don’t have anything else left of him. And there’s lots of meaning associated with the hair… But maybe I should.” His shoulders slumped. “My life has changed a lot.”“If you don’t want to cut it, then don’t,” the assassin was much more efficient with straightening the tangles than the frustrated Dalish. The thick, honey-blond curtain of hair that hung nearly to his knees had a decadently luxurious feel. Zevran felt it would be a waste to destroy something so beautiful, but he kept that opinion to himself. If Tav wanted to shave his head right now, it was his decision. Instead he asked about tips about his own outfit, getting disappointingly little in return.“White for the dead, no braids, it’s considered rude to bring weapons,” Tavaris repeated. “Otherwise it doesn’t really matter.”“I don’t want to offend anyone by an accident, querido. These are your people, help me,” Zevran pleaded.“You won’t offend anyone, gaildahlas. Not with the outfit,” the hunter assured, bending down and picking a small box from the bag lying at his feet. “I have a white sash for you if you want it.”“Thank you.” He watched curiously over Tavaris’ shoulder as the Warden popped the box open, revealing black paste and a short stick with rounded ends. “Wait… Is that…?”“This?” Tavaris lifted the box. “Ugh, that’s banal’hasse? We use it to protect eyes from sharp light in winter, or sometimes for enhancing vallaslin and for decoration. I thought about tracing mine, but… I don’t want to look at a mirror. They make me uneasy lately.”“Huh, that’s interesting,” Zevran said, taking the paste away from the younger man and examining it carefully. “Some desert tribes in Antiva and northern Tevinter make a similar cosmetic,” he explained, picking the stick and dipping it in the banal’hasse. It was thinner than kohl he was used to, but after tracing a line on his hand he decided it sticked well to the skin. “The original purpose was very similar, but it became very fashionable in Antiva. Nobles, whores and assassins, we all wear it, sometimes mixed with golden powder.” He smiled. “I can trace your tattoos if you want. And maybe add an Antivan twist, if you wish to?”“You should prepare yourself,” Tavaris answered quietly. “I don’t want to take your time.”“You said yourself that it doesn’t really matter what I wear, and it’s not like I have a big choice. It will take but a moment. So? Do you want me to paint you?”“If you wish to,” the hunter blushed slightly.“And the Antivan details? We decorate the eyes, to make them more pronounced.”“As long as it doesn’t obscure the vallaslin pattern. I don’t have many lines around the eyes, so as long as they don’t overlap it should be fine.”Zevran hummed, studying Tavaris’ tattoos carefully. There were, indeed, thin lines under the eyes, but much lower than he’d like to paint.“I’ll get you a mirror when I’m finished, just for a moment, and you can wipe it off if my ideas won’t work for you, is that fine?”Tavaris nodded his agreement, a bit stiff at the idea of handling a mirror, but the promise of making it brief was enough. Zevran coaxed him to sit down and set to work.He hadn’t painted, tattooed or drawn for a long time, but the pattern was simple and there was almost no artistry in such a simple make up.  He traced the lines gently with his fingers when the paint started to dry off and wondered briefly how Tavaris would look with one of his own designs instead. Or, since his face was surely out of the question, maybe somewhere else. The vallaslin curved down his neck and chest to his sides and then over his hips to his tailbone. But maybe arms? Shoulders? Back? Flowers, or mayhap birds? If he had some parchment and charcoal he would gladly amuse himself with creating possible designs, but, unfortunately this was impossible now. Maybe Bodhan would have something useful in his stock.He bit his lip, adding the finished touches on the eye make up and waved Leliana to them. Tavaris opened his eyes.“Do you have a mirror perhaps?” He asked the bard, admiring his handiwork. The vallaslin was much more visible now and in Zevran’s opinion, the winged eyeliner was corresponding nicely with the traditional pattern. Tavaris’ huge eyes were simply made for this kind of decoration.“Yes, I should have something,” she said, rather distracted, then looked at Tavaris. “Oh my!”“Quite handsome, don’t you agree, my fair lady?” Zevran commented smugly, pretty satisfied with the effect.Leliana smiled softly at Tavaris.“The girls will be all over you, I’m sure,” she teased gently. The young elf blushed.“I’d prefer them not to,” he grumbled. “May I see?”“Oh, sure. Let me get it.” She left for her bags. Zevran continued to appreciate the view, torn between his tattoo ideas and remembering how the young elf looked in his tent, naked and in throes of passion. Something must had shown on his face, as Tavaris looked up at him, slightly alarmed.“Why are you looking at me like that?” He asked.“Oh, I just wonder how bad it would be if we ended up in your tent instead of the ceremony. I must admit I’m getting rather partial to that idea.”Tavaris scoffed, wrinkling his nose adorably.“I don’t know about you, but I am going to the rites,” he answered. “Do something about your hair, at least, if you’re going with me.”Zevran chuckled.“There’s no way I can tempt you?” He asked, more in jest than anything else. “You look rather fetching and I’m afraid I’m going to get jealous over these girls that will throw themselves at you.”Tavaris face reddened again. “Nobody is going to throw themselves at me, Zevran. I am a stranger and I am a Warden, living without a clan. No girl would look at me twice.”“I think you understate your charms, querido.” Zevran smiled, as Leliana came back with the mirror. “Is that to your liking?”“I hope so!” The girl chimed in. “You look absolutely fantastic, Tav.”The young man studied his own face for a moment, then nodded briefly.“Yes, I think it works. The lines fit well enough they could be an alternative pattern. Thank you, vhenan.”“It was my pleasure,” Zevran bend over the Dalish to kiss him briefly. “Now I’m going to find something to wear, and if I could borrow a little of that paint I’d be most grateful.” If Zevran was honest with himself, he’d have to admit that he should have set more time for his own preparations. He hadn’t had much in the way of clothing — three shirts, one in a dire need of washing, two pairs of trousers, his coat and the white sash Tavaris managed to procure. Supposedly it wasn’t a big problem — Tavaris had said after all that the clothes didn’t matter much. But the hunter had paid a lot of attention to his appearance, going as far as getting make up supplies. And he was Zevran Arainai, the Golden Scourge of Antiva City, the notorious heartbreaker and infamous menace of fathers and husbands. People here didn’t know his reputation, but it existed and he would never forgive himself if he didn’t live up to it. It didn’t matter that he was to attend a weird Dalish ceremony in the middle of the forest. He had to do it in style.Which wasn’t easy when he had only his plain travelling clothes and bloodstained armour. Had he had more time, he’d clean it — it was a good Antivan leather, after all, with its gilded details and intricate patterns stamped on it. He wasn’t ashamed to admit that it was his favourite possession since he lost his bags and poison box after the ambush. He briefly thought of the beautiful silks he left in the flat he shared with Tali. Vests of leather soft like a dream and lavish brocade. He had had, of course, plain clothing for when his job required blending in — but he was good enough that no one ever bat an eye when he brought the bills from artisans for items which only purpose was to make him more comfortable — at least as long as he paced them enough.But now these things were as good as gone, the House probably selling them back or distributing among the others now that they thought him dead — and all he was left with were crude Fereldan linens and wool. Fereldans were barbarians, he lamented quietly, but fortunately the Dalish weren’t much better.Finally he settled on the brown shirt in a shade that could pass for a dark red, clean trousers — the fit wasn’t the best, but what could be expected when they weren’t tailored to him. His belt would be good to go after a quick washing, but he remembered the sash so he let the leather go, albeit reluctantly. The boots could use more thorough cleaning, but there was no time for more than a brief wiping. The gloves were barely good enough for the field, so he left them on the bedroll. He should start looking for the replacements.Tavaris found him in the tent, as he was adding the finishing touches on his own eyeliner in an attempt to salvage his wounded pride.“You promised me, you’d be quick,” the younger elf teased him gently.“That was before I almost started resenting you for making me leave all the decent clothes I had with me,” Zevran answered without thinking and turned to the Warden. “Fereldans have no taste and no refinement at all and there’s nothing I can do to look even remotely presentable.” Tavaris’ face fell abruptly and the assassin realized what he said.“I’m so sorry, lath. I wanted to get your things, but they were already angry at me for inviting you to join us in the first place and…”Zevran caught his face and silenced him with a brief kiss.“Shh, querido, calm down. I understand your reasons, you have nothing to apologize for. I’m just slightly bothered, because…” He paused for a moment, then offered Tavaris a lopsided smirk. “Well, some people would probably call me vain, but I’d prefer to say that I hold myself to high aesthetic standards. And that ceremony is important to you, so…”Tavaris sighed and reached behind himself, pulling something from the back of his sash.“Then maybe this will cheer you up a bit?” He asked, offering Zevran a pair of gloves made of soft leather. They were pretty, with delicate patterns stamped on them, but also practical enough, with holes cut for the fingertips. “I can get you matching bracers if you wish, too…”“Gloves,” Zevran said, slightly dumbfounded, reaching for them mechanically. He didn’t think that Tavaris noticed the sorry state of the ones he already owned — why would he? But here he was, presenting him a new pair. “Why are you giving me gloves?”“Well, I saw them among Varathorn’s crafts and thought about things you told me…” The young elf looked at his feet again, his hands balling into fists. “About your mother, I mean, and the gloves that were taken from you… I don’t know how they looked like, but this is a very traditional pattern, so I thought…”So, this was not meant as a simple equipment fix. Zevran run his fingers along the leather… The gloves he owned as a child were different, the leather was a bit softer and thinner, the shade was darker and they were full, not suitable for subtle manual jobs like this pair was. Yet the pattern was very similar, the stylized hallas with elaborate horns, weaved with leaves and flowers. They weren’t very long or protective, and if he used them regularly he would indeed have some use for fitting bracers, but they were beautiful and stirred half-forgotten memories.“Maker’s breath… You’re right. It is like my mother’s,” he answered quietly, studying the gloves carefully. “The leather was less thick and darker, maybe from its age. And they had more embroidery. But these are really close. And quite handsome.”Tavaris smirked, unballing his fists and looking up at Zevran.“You’re welcome,” he said, his tone a tad teasing. The assassin chuckled quietly.“Do I seem surprised?” He asked. “Maybe I am. But I appreciate that you even thought of me. Nobody has simply… given me a gift before. And such a well-thought one at that. Thank you.” “Then it’s a good thing I fixed that oversight,” the Warden smiled softly. “Now, let’s go, we’re going to be late.” Tavaris seemed to be in a weird mood as they walked the path to the main camp. He seemed at once giddy with anticipation and hesitant to get there. The sun was slowly setting down and it was getting darker as they reached their destination. Zevran could easily see the big fire already lit in the middle of the camp and elves gathering around it… when Tavaris suddenly stopped.“Is there a problem, my Warden?” He asked, noticing the half-panicked expression on his face.“They’ll see me,” the young hunter said, his voice thick with nerves. “What if they’ll throw me out?”“Tavaris, you were invited by the First.” Zevran didn’t see the problem. “If anyone should worry, it’s me — it’s not like they wished me to take part in this in the first place. But you belong there. You’re Dalish.”“You don’t understand, Zev,” Tavaris looked at him, his eyes wide. “They’ll see me.”Zevran rolled his eyes in exasperation and pulled the younger man by his elbow.“Of course, they will see you. We’re not exactly hiding.”“But, Zevran!” The hunter protested, but it was too late, as the assassin dragged him decisively into the camp proper. The younger man wanted to bolt, but, fortunately, one of the Dalish noticed them already.“Dorf’amelan’lin,” he greeted in friendly tone, adding a few sentences in elven then turned to Zevran. “And you’re welcome too, lethallin. It’s a happy day when one of our people comes back. My name is Camlen and it’s a joy to greet you.”“I’m Zevran,” the assassin answered and looked for rescue to his lover. He wasn’t sure what he should say, especially that the warm greeting stirred new discomfort in him. He wasn’t coming back. He just came with a visit for the sake of appearances, but it wasn’t like he could tell that.Tavaris smiled, a bit stiffly.“Thank you, Camlen. We’re both very grateful for the invitation. How long till we begin?”“Just a moment. They’re pouring somniar shiral already, so it’s a good time to find a place by the fire and maybe some drums, if you prefer them to singing.”“Neither of us is fluent in Tavella songs, so we’ll just do it.” Tavaris nodded gratefully and gestured at Zevran to follow. He looked stiff, nervous, his shoulders square as if he was preparing for a battle, when he walked past the fire to look for the drums. The craftsman — Varathorn — was there, handling out the instruments with a sad smile. The hunter got two and handed one to Zevran, who accepted it with a courteous nod. He felt lost, without any idea what he should do there besides following Tavaris, and started to think that accepting the invitation might had been a bad idea. Especially with the weird shift of Mahariel’s mood — the assassin had no idea what it was about and didn’t like it.The Warden was disturbingly silent as he guided them to the fire, snatching cushions from the big pile nearby and found a place — seemingly random — where he put them down. It was only then when he finally spoke.“The rhythms are easy, you’ll get the hang of it quickly,” he promised, looking up at the assassin with a blank expression. “We’re going to get somniar shiral to drink, don’t worry about it. I don’t know the exact recipe, it varies between the clans, but it’s meant to help you ease up in the rite, there are no unpleasant after effects or anything. You might feel slightly dizzy for a moment when the ritual starts to work and later, when we’ll be closing the ritual space. I…” He hesitated. “I would prepare you better if I knew how… But it’s difficult to describe. Just don’t be alarmed when the things get odd.”“That’s not very reassuring, my dear Warden,” Zevran observed. “But you wouldn’t hold these rites if they were dangerous, I believe, so I’m going to trust you on that.” He smiled at the small man who still held himself rigidly. “Though the fact that you still look as relaxed as Sten in the morning makes me question my own wisdom,” he teased, hoping to get either an understandable explanation or a calmed Warden.“Sorry,” Tavaris sat down, pulling his drum close. “It’s… Overwhelming.”Zevran was opening his mouth to answer, but someone on the opposite side of the fire blew a horn and suddenly all the chatter ceased. Little bowls started to circle around the fire and soon Zevran was offered one too. The man who blew the horn started to chant loudly and Tavaris gestured at his bowl before draining it in one go. Others were drinking too, so Zevran sniffed the purple drink hesitantly. Tav promised that it wasn’t dangerous and the assassin didn’t detect anything alarming — still he was tempted to spill it discreetly on the grass. The hunter was watching him, though, and he said he trusted him — which wasn’t a complete lie — so Zevran sipped at the drink hesitantly. It had a weird taste, an uncommon mixture of fresh and earthen flavours. He detected some embrium, ginger, probably prophet’s laurel… but the rest was an enigma. It wasn’t unpleasant, though, and everyone drunk it, so it had to be safe. He tipped his head, finishing the potion and put the bowl upside down at his feet as he saw the others do.Other voices joined the first one and the song started to get more and more melodic. The first drummers joined, beating a fast, but steady rhythm. There was no clear order to that, everybody joining at their own leisure, with slightly different tones and cadences. Soon Tavaris picked his own drum and started to play, adding his own twists to the common beat.It should sound cacophonous, with about hundred of people, each singing and playing their own variation of the song, but the result was surprisingly harmonic. The ground vibrated with music and Zevran started to feel its pull by the time he reached for his own instrument and started to play, at first trying to copy Tavaris, but then, without even meaning to, adding some beats he grew up with.It was weird experience, as he grew immersed in the music. There was a palpable feeling of getting joined with the others, something akin to a warm embrace, with wild energy pulsing in the air… And suddenly he was pulsing in the air too, getting more and more detached from his body as he felt more and more connected to the chanting clan.A new voice joined, clear and easily discernible over the main chorus and Zevran somehow knew it was Lanaya……and then it happened.A weird pull and twist on reality, and there was this dizziness Tav spoke about, and he was falling back into his own body, almost flinching but too caught up with the energy flowing through the gathering to manage such a move… and then it was silence. He was still drumming, he knew it, his hands moved, but the drums no longer made any sound. The connection with the clan seemed even stronger now, but at the same time he felt alone, and there was a painful throbbing in his chest that for some reason made him think of Rinna and his mother.He looked around and the Dalish were still sitting there, many of them glowing slightly. Lanaya was standing next to the fire, but he couldn’t see her clearly, as she was a pillar of a white light. He looked to his right, at Tavaris and the Warden was still there, still playing, but……he looked differently. He was glowing, a soft, golden light, doubly so where the lines of his tattoos were, but his fair skin was marred with dark splotches, ugly black spots of a sickness. And as he looked at Zevran he saw that his beautiful, grey eyes were no longer clean, instead covered with a white film of blindness. And he was crying.He wasn’t sure if he was supposed to speak, so he reached up to touch his lover’s cheek — somehow still drumming, though it seemed impossible — only to jerk away as he noticed his own hands. There were no soft Dalish gloves on them anymore, instead he saw painfully familiar gauntlet of the Crow armour, black leather and steel shaped to resemble talons. He left these in Antiva, with the whole ensemble, but now, as he looked at his body, he saw he was clad in it, all of it, together with the black cape — and, as he reached up to his head, the steel mask crafted into a bird skull too, tilted up as he would wear it when he wanted to be both recognized and feared.Tavaris looked up at him, tears still flowing from his blurred eyes, unseeing but seeing somehow. And then his face morphed into an expression of awe, as he reached up to Zevran’s cheek, where his tattoos were.“It’s a vallaslin,” he whispered, enchanted. “And it’s blessed.”Talking was allowed then.“Querido, what happened to you? And what’s all that?”“It’s the Taint,” he answered, dropping his hand and looking at it with a pained expression. “It burns again.” He paused. “That’s what I was afraid of them seeing.”Only now Zevran turned his eyes away from the Warden to look around. The Dalish sitting nearby seemed to move away from them, some of them with scared expressions, some simply bewildered.Well, it was understandable, the assassin thought sourly. Suddenly, instead of their guests, they saw a Crow in full ceremonial armour and a man suffering from the Blight sickness. It could be disturbing.But the elves around them changed too. Zevran didn’t know them well enough, but he was sure that the woman next to Tavaris seemed older before the rites began. The man few places down the circle surely hadn’t had a gaping wound in his chest. Neither had the girl next to him.Tavaris sighed, looking back at Zevran.“We fixed the world for a moment. It’s how it should have been all along,” he said in a way of explanation, but it explained nothing. “And thanks to it, we can see each other as we are. And talk to the people that aren’t here anymore.” He gestured somewhere further away and saw people engaged in a conversation with a man that seemed more blurry than the others. As the assassin studied the gathering, he noticed that there seemed to be many more people around the fire now, and some of the Dalish were looking expectantly around, as if they were waiting for someone to come.It was crazy. Just crazy.But then, he still felt that warm embrace of the clan, the feeling not diminished even by the suspicious glances from some of the closer clan members.“Fixed how?” He asked incredulously, because nothing better came to his mind. Tavaris shrugged helplessly.“I’m not a Keeper, I don’t really understand that stuff. But things were broken somehow when Arlathan fell and… well, here we are.”Zevran wanted to ask more questions — he was sure he had more questions — but before he managed to sort them out, Lanaya spoke — of course in elven, but Zevran recognized Zathrian’s name.She wasn’t speaking loudly, but somehow her voice carried over everything else. Not that he heard much — he realized that the only other sound he heard since that weird twist in reality was Tavaris’ voice, and only when he spoke directly to him. He was obviously sobbing, too, but that sound didn’t carry to the assassin’s ears.Lanaya continued to speak, her voice starting to get urgent, desperate, and suddenly the fire — the whole fire — bend and spun and twisted and suddenly Zathrian was standing in its place, glowing like the embers.…Zevran knew it was Zathrian, by some odd sixth sense, otherwise he wouldn’t recognize the man at all. He didn’t look as a man in the first place, but some misshapen creature made of fire, which — as if it wasn’t confusing enough — bled from numerous wounds. Given the shocked expression of the gathered Dalish, it wasn’t supposed to look like that.The old Keeper roared and twisted and managed to push himself into a more elvish form — even if it still wasn’t exactly what it should. He waited a while, as if checking if he could hold it, and then he started to talk.Zevran couldn’t understand a single word, but he saw horrified expression of the Tavella and felt the overwhelming regret radiating from the old man. It was hard to bear, at least until Tavaris caught his hand and clutched it tightly, evidently as shaken as the members of the clan.Lanaya answered something, grief mixing with anger in his tone and Zathrian fell to… what was supposedly his knees.“Ir abelas,” he said and dissolved into light.There was a brief surge of panic and the pillar of light that was Lanaya lurched forward, expanding, as if she was trying to grasp the disappearing light. Zevran wasn’t sure what happened, but there was a blast of light and the collective emotion turned to sudden relief, and then they were falling again.He shook awake to see the fire where it was before, hear the drums and the faltering song. Tavaris was still holding his hand, knuckles almost white over the Dalish glove.“Fenedhis,” the hunter murmured, shaking his head to get rid of dizziness. “Usually there’s a feast and dances after, but I doubt anyone is in mood after what happened.”“And what had happened?” Zevran asked, distraught. If he knew what he was in for, he’d declined the invitation, the consequences be damned. It was scary and intimate, and breached his privacy in a way he didn’t know was possible. Though, Tavaris didn’t lie when he said it was an unique experience he was not likely to forget.“Zathrian. He confessed his sins, but that hatred that held him? It almost destroyed him. They almost lost a Keeper, without a proper succession. Lanaya managed to salvage what was left and caught the clan’s life-thread before it dissolved, but it was a close call.”  He looked up at Zevran and the assassin was relieved to see that his eyes were clear again. “But you were accepted,” he said with a soft smile. “Evanuris watch over you despite everything.”“What?” Zevran was tired and still unsure how he felt about the things he saw during the rites and just wanted to go to sleep, but he remembered Tav’s awed expression when they were… Wherever it was.“Your tattoos. They glowed like a vallaslin would. It’s almost unheard of, but it’s said it’s one of the Evanuris marking you as theirs, a blessing. It was blue, though, I’m not sure…” He bit his lip. “I would ask, but Lanaya is surely exhausted and everyone is pretty upset. I think it would be best if we went to get some rest.”Zevran nodded absentmindedly, standing up from his spot. Rest was surely a good idea. He needed some time to sort out the clashing feelings and thoughts the evening provoked — it was simply too much to take. He was turning to leave already, when Tavaris stood up and stumbled immediately, legs giving away under him. The assassin wasn’t sure when or why he jumped to the Warden’s side, catching him by an elbow.“You alright?” He asked warily. Tav shook his head slightly, briefly closing his eyes.“I’ll be fine,” he answered, his voice low and measured. “It’s just… It takes a toll on the body, right? And I’m not sure, if it’s the result of that bite, or… being a Warden, but it seems that it was a bit too much.”“Let me take you to bed, my Warden,” Zevran suggested, wrapping his arm around Tavaris’ waist and letting him put his weight on him. Only afterwards he realized he was supposed to keep his hands to yourself. Or that he was almost getting angry at the hunter the mere moments ago.“You shouldn’t have come here,” he said sourly instead, leading the wobbly Warden away from the fire. “Or ask me to come, for that matter. You are still recovering and I don’t belong with the Dalish.”“I”m glad I did,” Tavaris answered quietly, looking at his feet. Zevran could swear that even his ears drooped. “But I am very sorry that you’re disappointed. I wanted to share something beautiful with you, but that fiasco with Zathrian…”Here it was. A suitable excuse.“But I’m so very, very happy that I got to share the whole ritual with you, that I got to see you…” His voice trailed off and Zevran bristled at the mention. Clawed gauntlets and beaked mask. That was, indeed, a joy to see.“You were in pain,” he said instead, sharper than he was usually wont to. “I saw you crying.”“It was worth it,” the younger man replied with conviction. “To feel that connection again, even if it wasn’t my clan. To see how beautiful you are…”He was beautiful, he knew it. That was, after all, the only reason he was paid so handsomely for when he was just a scrawny boy. Why he was taught the art of seduction, among his other skills. And he had to admit, that there was a certain elegance to Crows’ regalia. They were, after all, designed to entice as well as intimidate. An image of a handsome face shadowed by a Crow’s beak held a prominent place in fantasies of bored Antivan housewives — and on pages of popular bodice-rippers recounting the stories of star-crossed lovers.Somehow Zevran knew that Tavaris had something completely different in mind.“You’re exhausted and not thinking very clearly,” he answered, pulling Tavaris closer as he stumbled over a root again. “Let me just put you in bed.”He tried to get the Warden to their camp, he saw it already, fire cracking cheerfully behind the dark trees, but the young man stopped walking, putting a hand on his shoulder.“You’re angry with me, vhenan,” he said quietly. There was something broken in his voice, something small and completely stripped of his usual resilience.“I…” Zevran started, stumbling over words as he looked at the Dalish. The young elf seemed to collapse into himself, with his shoulders slumped and eyes trained on the forest floor.“I’m not happy with you,” the assassin said finally. “I don’t know yet if I’m angry.” It felt odd to admit as much, to drop his amiable and flirtatious mask for the sake of honesty. It felt raw. “I need to process what happened. And you need to sleep, so come on and let me get you to the camp.”“I…” There was brief pause and Zevran was sure that Tavaris wanted to say something different, but what he settled on was, “I understand. Let’s go.” 



Rocky roads
Chapter Summary
The party travels to the Frostback Mountains. Tensions arise and snap.
Chapter Notes
Sorry. Last week was pretty hectic to me and unfortunately, earning monies for food had to take precedence over the fic. Also, since it seems that I can't simply edit and have to add so much to every single chapter I work on, I have to rethink my updating schedule. So, I can promise one update a week, I'll try to aim for two - but that's not a guarantee.



Despite Alistair’s complaints they stayed with the Dalish for another two days. Tavaris needed to recover and he used this time to discuss with the new Keeper the details of their involvement in the fight against the Blight and to write countless letters. If Zevran was curious about them… Well, he tried his hardest not to. He spend his time sulking.
Well, not sulking. Zevran never sulked. He wasn’t a sulking type. But he did everything in his power to avoid Tavaris’ company and his long, sad stares. As a result, he found himself hanging around Morrigan’s shack, amusing himself by tormenting the witch with endless flirting and questions. He was careful to not push too far, though — as enjoyable as her annoyed scoffs were, he didn’t want to become a target of her real wrath. He saw what she was capable of — or at least what she had shown to be capable of — and he had a deep suspicion that it was only a fraction of her true abilities. That power definitely wasn’t anything he would like to see aimed at him.
Still, as long as the questions weren’t overly intimate and his lewd suggestions sufficiently toned down and softened by quite sincere compliments, Morrigan proved to be surprisingly amiable company. Of course, she threatened him with bodily harm regularly and promised to turn him into some kind of critter once in a while, but otherwise she answered with playful insults and exaggerated grimaces.
She didn’t lose her aloof demeanour, but it wasn’t hard to see past it now that he spend enough time around her. If he really bothered her, she would told him so, in not uncertain terms, while — probably — making good on some of the threats she tossed his way over her books.
She didn’t seem to be very interested in his company though, just merely indulging his quirks when he craved some distraction and enjoyment, so he was genuinely surprised when on the second afternoon she finally put her book down, looking straight at him for the first time.
“So, what is this all about, elf?” She asked. “You should be jumping over the moon with joy, seeing how your tiny plan worked, and yet here you are, brooding like a scorned lover.”
“How is this ‘brooding’?” Zevran answered, torn between feelings of surprise and indignity. “I’m merely adoring your beauty and perfection, nothing more. Such a fine woman deserves praise and I can say that you were unjustly deprived of it, spending so much of your life in the forest.”
“How very generous of you. So, our brave leader isn’t enough for you? After all that effort you went through to get him wrapped around your finger, it seems odd to me to find you here, salivating all over my chest, when you finally got your wish.”
Zevran didn’t tense — he was too well-trained for giving himself away like this — but he felt his innards freeze into a solid ice as surely as they would if the witch caught him with one of her ice spells. He stretched languidly to get rid of that unpleasant sensation, looking at her from under his hooded eyelids.
“I do not know what you are talking about, o fairest of all the mages. I merely wish to serve to the best of my capabilities, as is fit for someone who owes debt do great as I do. There’s no malicious ploy in it.”
Morrigan just scoffed.
“Oh please, don’t insult me with these petty excuses. They might work on someone as dense as Alistair mayhaps, but while I’m not too well-versed in the ways of men, I can see the desperation when in front of my eyes. And you stink of it, assassin.”
Zevran eyed her warily.
“I have no idea…”
Morrigan scrunched her nose in distaste.
“Oh please, just stop it. As long as we’ll do what we’re set to do in the end, I don’t care about your little games. And if you’re afraid I’m going to come running to Tavaris to tell on you…” She snorted. “Don’t you think I’d done it long ago, if I wanted?”
 The assassin throw his hands in the air in a theatrically exaggerated gesture.
“As observant as beautiful, I see,” he sighed deeply. “Fine, you’ve caught me, my enchanting sorceress. I do have a mischievous ploy. I wish to make our brave leader amiable towards me, so he wouldn’t decide to throw me to the Crows when an opportunity arises. Is it foul enough to warrant your scorn?”
Morrigan pursed her lips.
“I never said anything about scorn or judgement. I am merely curious why are you running away from him now. These soulful eyes too much to bear, perhaps?” She smirked and returned to her reading as if they never talked.
“Why do you even ask?” He said, slightly annoyed.
“Just curious, assassin, just curious.” Morrigan didn’t even look up from her book as she turned the page.
 
In the evening Zevran found himself waiting next to Tavaris’ tent. He wasn’t sure if it was the right decision, but before he could change his mind, the younger elf arrived from the path leading to the main camp. He was looking better already, spring back in his step and colour in his cheeks. And, when he noticed the waiting assassin, his whole face brightened up like a chantry on the Prophet’s Day.
Nobody had ever looked at Zevran like that.
“Zev!” He sped up and for a moment it seemed like he was going to jump into his arms, but stopped himself in the last moment. “You aren’t angry with me anymore?”
There were so much hope in his eyes, Zevran thought the boy would shatter if he was rejected again. There was something scary and thrilling in having this kind of power over another. For a brief moment the assassin was tempted to test it, to see how much damage he could do — but he couldn’t bring himself to it.
“I was never angry, hermoso,” he said with an easy smile instead. “I just had a lot to think about.”
Tavaris relaxed slightly, still looking up at Zevran with such an earnest expression the assassin had to fight not to wince. He saw this look in the eyes of the men looking at gold and precious stones. In the eyes of naive, well-born girls who believed that a night of passion with a bored Crow would turn their dull lives around.
“Will you join me in my tent tonight, then?” The Dalish asked with a brilliant smile and only the lightest touch of blush on the tips of his ears. Well, that was what Zevran was aiming for, wasn’t it?
He let out a playful hum. “Is there something in your tent that needs assassinating, my dear Warden? That’s my speciality after all.”
Tavaris shrugged, the nerves finally leaving him.
“I don’t know,” he answered with a lopsided smile. “I am a wanted man, though. It would be unwise not to check, don’t you think?”
“So I am to play a bodyguard too?” Asked Zevran in a low tone, placing his hands on Tav’s hips. The younger elf leaned into the touch and reached up to press a soft kiss on his lips.
“Hm, why not? I like that idea. It would give me a good reason to keep you close all the time.”
“Well,  I can understand that desire. I’m certainly pleasant to look at.”
“I don’t want just look…” This time Tavaris blushed visibly, adorable patches of red appearing high on his cheekbones. “Now, can we move it, before Tavella see us? They check on us, you know.”
“Oh, well, of course. We need to scout your tent thoroughly, after all. We can’t leave a single spot uninspected,” the assassin purred lowly, pulling on Tavaris’ hips as he manoeuvred him towards the tent. Alistair, who just entered the encampment, dropped his load of twigs next to the fire and groaned loudly, wiping his forehead.
“Again? Sweet Andraste! Just don’t tell me you’re going to be at it the whole night again.”
Tavaris stiffened and immediately ducked into his tent, leaving Zevran to deal with the templar. The Antivan just chuckled, not bothering to mask his lewd stare.
“I can’t say what will happen, my brave Alistair. Tavaris demanded very meticulous inspection of his tent, after all. But maybe you want to join?”  He smiled, running his tongue along his teeth. Alistar turned away abruptly, clutching his eyes.
“For all that is sacred, stop it! I’m not interested!” He forced himself to relax and look back. There was evident begging in his eyes as he asked, “Just… try to keep it low, please?”
Zevran shrugged, ducking into the tent.
“No promises. I like them loud.”
When they moved out the next morning Zevran didn’t bother with his own tent anymore. He had no use for it, as long as his Warden welcomed him with open arms and easy smiles.
 
It was about two weeks later and the morning was cold and damp when Tavaris woke Zevran up. They were lying in a tangled pile of furs and blankets, but the Antivan dreaded the moment they’d have to leave the pleasant warmth of their shared tent. The drops falling on the fabric over their heads sounded like drums on an execution.
“We have a long road before us today, ma’nehn," the hunter said with a soft smile, reaching for his clothes. “Better get up.”
“No," murmured the assassin, grabbing Tav’s waist and pulling him back under the furs. “Come back here and let the Darkspawn have their way with Ferelden. It’s a cold hellhole anyway. We could go to Rivain. Or Llomeryn.” He looked in disgust at the waxed cloth above them. “After this horrendous rain stops.”
The Warden smiled softly.
“I can’t, and you know it.” He pecked Zevran’s lips, rising once again. “It’s my duty to be here. But you can go, if you wish.”
Zevran turned on his back, watching Tavaris carefully. The younger elf fumbled with his clothing in the narrow space and the assassin revelled in opportunity to watch his lean muscles move under his tattoos. It was a captivating view.
“You told me, you never wanted to be a Warden in the first place. Why do you care about ‘the duty’ if it was forced on you?” He asked, reaching languidly out to trace the lines of the vallaslin with his fingertips. “It’s not like anyone’s standing over you, querido. We could go and live our lives in delicious debauchery, instead of freezing here.”
“I believe I told you — I would have died if not for the Wardens. It’s a debt I must repay.” Tav looked at him with sadness. “And I need to remember about the clans, too. My Keeper trusted me to keep them safe from the Blight. But you… You don’t have to stay. You’re a free man, Zevran, you can go to your Rivain or Llomeryn… Or wherever you like.”
Zevran looked at the ranger seriously.
“I am sworn to you. I go where you go, at least until we see this through. Or are you telling me to leave?”
Tavaris squeezed his hand with a panicked look in his eyes.
“No, no, no! I don’t want you to leave!” He said. He spoke so quickly that the words merged together under his heavy accent. “I just don’t want you to be here against your will if you’re feeling miserable.”
Zevran chuckled, propping himself up on his elbows.
“Miserable? When I’m sharing a tent with such a beautiful man? You still don’t know a thing about me, do you?”
“I think you’re exaggerating.” Tavaris looked over his shoulder and smiled impishly. Zevran really liked this expression on him. It went straight to his groin. “I know you’re very good at it.”
“Am I?” Zevran pulled his lover closer, nuzzling his face in the crook of Tav’s shoulder. “Would I really do this, if I was?” He slid his hands along the Dalish elf’s taut body, resting them on his hips and bit playfully at his neck. The young man, taken by surprise, moaned loudly.
“Oh, no!” They heard Alistair’s voice outside. “Don’t you even dare! We’re leaving in half an hour!”
Zevran smirked, trailing soft kisses up Tavaris’ neck to his ear and breathed into the sensitive shell, “Are we?”
Tavaris shuddered and looked at him apologetically, pulling away.
“Kind of. Maybe not half an hour, but as soon as we finish the breakfast and pack the camp. Speaking of which, I’m starving.”
“As you wish.” Zevran sat up, ran his hand along Tav’s long braid, and started to search for his own clothes and armour.
Unlike Zevran, Tavaris didn’t dawdle, leaving as soon as he was fully clothed.  The assassin couldn’t force himself to get out in the rain until the pressure in his bladder turned to be unbearable, so as he returned from the edge of the camp, he found the Dalish already preparing the oatmeal.
“You can’t behave this way, Tavaris,” complained Leliana. Zevran obviously caught a tail-end of  a longer rant. “It’s gross. And we can’t sleep at night.”
“Would you mind bringing me some water, Leliana? I don’t want to wait for the rain to fill the pot,” Tavaris answered lightly. It seemed that his tactic for today was pretending he simply hadn’t heard anything pertaining their nightly activities.
“She has a point, Tav," interrupted Alistair. “It is gross. And I feel I already know too many details about your nightly… entertainment from the sounds you two make.”
“I need carrots, Alistair. Besides, have you feed the horses? There’s more rocks than grass around here, I worry they’ll be hungry.”
“Tavaris, you can’t just ignore…!”
The young elf looked up at him with an innocent look in his eyes.
“I can and I will. Feed the horses if you haven’t done it yet. They need time to rest after the meal.”
Zevran couldn’t help but chuckle, watching Alistair leave with a frustrated expression and went to the provisioning sacks to dig for the carrots. Leliana tossed her hands in the air, gesturing wildly with her knife.
“Tavaris…!”
The hunter shrugged, tossed the celery into the pot and reached out to Zevran to get his carrots. On the surface he looked completely at ease, but Zevran didn’t spend the last few weeks carefully studying his expressions for nothing. It was the only reason for which he noticed the slight reddening at the tips of Tav’s ears and a minuscule twitch of his left eye as he fought to hide his embarrassment.
“I’m afraid you won’t get much out of him," he observed lightheartedly. “Besides, I’m pretty sure Morrigan could help with the noise if it’s really such a problem. I know there are silencing spells.”
“Zevran!” The young elf smiled warmly over the peeled carrots, “So you decided to join us in this downpour. Would you mind hacking the roast?”
Zevran smirked tartly, looking up at the sky. From the inside of the tent the light rain sounded much worse than it was, but, in his opinion, it still wasn’t weather meant for being outside.
“I would make a poor bodyguard, if I didn’t follow you, no?" He winked at his lover and went to retrieve the food. There wasn’t much left, but Tavaris made a point of leaving some leftovers every evening, as he liked to have meat in his breakfast.
“Zevran!” This time it was Alistair who turned to the assassin, shouting over the length of the camp. Zevran noticed with some amusement that it was the first time the templar spoke to him, unprompted and without his usual disdain, when others were around. “If Tavaris won’t listen, maybe you will; we’re sick of these... sounds you two make every night. I haven’t got a good night’s rest for a over week.” 
Zevran smiled innocently. He didn’t see any reason to deny himself the little pleasure of needling the man.
“If you can’t sleep then you at least don’t have to worry that I will go and murder you in your bed, no? You were concerned, I believe.”
Tavaris looked at the assassin briefly, and Zevran could swear that the archer was trying hard not to laugh, but he otherwise didn’t make a sign that he even heard the conversation.
Alistair let out an exasperated huff.
“That’s not the point," he answered.
“If Morrigan really has some nifty spell that could ease your nights," interrupted Tavaris, still focused on his carrots. “I’d advise using it.”
“My magic is not for such use. You could just stop," protested Morrigan sharply, but Tavaris looked her in the eye evenly.
“I’ll be probably dead before the year is over. I have no intention of holding back.”
That was a morbid and unpleasant thought, one Zevran didn’t want to examine closely — which was rather silly. He was a Crow, he was familiar with death, intimately, and given their circumstances and Tavaris’ trusting personality, the statement was rather obvious. With the Blight, bandits, scavengers and the political turmoil it would be a miracle if any of them lived past it.  The Dalish, with his naivety and welcoming approach was in even bigger danger than the rest of the group — and Zevran realized he really didn’t want to see him dead. He knew, that the playful assignment as bodyguard was more of a joke than anything… But he could treat it seriously.
It was in Zevran’s best interests anyway.
The oatmeal cooked and Tavaris went to fold down their tent, packing furs and canvas in tight packages. Zevran stayed where he was, watching over the food and looking at Tav’s delicious backside flexing under tight leggings as he bend over their bags. The assassin wasn’t ashamed to admit that he enjoyed the view. What made it even more pleasant was the fact that Tavaris seemed to gain some confidence since meeting the Dalish and it reflected in the way he moved. His movements were no longer stiff and forced as when they met, becoming graceful, languid and loose-boned instead. And sweet Andraste, the result was breathtaking. Zevran rarely saw anyone who would naturally be as alluring as that boy.
He would never wish that kind of life on him, but he was sure that given just a little training Tavaris could easily put to shame some of the finest courtesans he knew. There was so much raw potential there…
“I’d like to hurry today. We have at least five days until we reach Kinloch Hold and I want to be there as soon as possible,” Tavaris said, blissfully unaware of Zevran’s thoughts.  Alistair scowled and paused, looking at Tav from over his own bags.
“Kinloch Hold? We’re supposed to go to search for Haven,” he said, leaning on his half-rolled bedroll.
“Yes, yes, we’ll get there,” answered the elf, waving dismissively. “But the Magi Tower is on the way, so I thought we should stop there for a short while. It won’t take….”
“Over my dead body, Tavaris,” Alistair stopped and stood up, stretching himself to his full height. He wasn’t particularly tall for a human, but he still loomed over the tiny elf. “It’s not really on the way. And we just had a ‘brief stop that will take only a day’. We already spend almost two weeks in that bloody forest. Now we need to find the Sacred Ashes.”
Tavaris’ ears twitched in annoyance. It was so stereotypical gesture Zevran almost chuckled. And a pretty rare one, since most of their fellow elves, including the assassin himself, preferred to train themselves out of this reflex. It was way too easy to be called a rabbit when you emoted with your ears.
“Really, Alistair? You cannot expect us to drop everything to chase that fairytale. For all that we know, Eamon is already dead.”
“We don’t know that!” Alistair’s face turned red as he almost shouted. “And yes, he’s dying, so we can’t afford any more useless delays!”
“Hardly useless." Tavaris stopped his work, looking at the tall human with irritation. “We’re talking about treaties. We need these treaties.”
“The treaties are ancient and can wait a few weeks longer! A man is dying, Tavaris! And if you really can’t find any compassion in yourself, then remember, that Redcliffe means an army too!”
“I find it hard to feel very sympathetic towards a shemlen lord.” Tavaris spat. “Would he be sympathetic towards me if I wasn’t a Warden? Or maybe I would be just a knife-ear, not worthy of consideration? I remember Teagan’s face when he saw me and let me tell you that it doesn’t make me feel too charitable. ” He had worked himself up as he spoke, so he stopped, taking a deep breath to calm himself down. “Besides, we’re sworn to fight the Blight. And the Blight won’t wait until we’re finished chasing your mad dream.”
“We owe it to Isolde, Tavaris! Isolde, who is dead because you, personally, allowed it!”
Tavaris took a step back, looking at Alistair as if he had physically hit him.
“The only thing I did was allowing that irresponsible woman to fix her mistakes. It was her decisions that killed her, not mine.” He spoke slowly, with his jaw clenched almost impossibly.
“You coerced a desperate woman into a blood magic ritual!” Alistair was shouting now and Zevran was torn between an irrational need to save his lover from the angry human and a worry that their little shouting match would attract Darkspawn, bandits or some other unpleasant visitor.  “How does that fix anything for you?”
“How did I coerce her to do anything? She wanted to save her kid — what would you want me to do? Kill a child? A blighted child?” Tavaris shook his head with disbelief. “What kind of monster do you think I am?”
“We could go to the Kinloch Hold, get help…”
“We couldn’t, Alistair!” The elven Warden tossed his hands in the air. “The demon was furious, there was no telling if there would be a Redcliffe to return to if we left.” He took a deep breath fighting to keep his calm. “Besides, we already talked about it, you said you were fine with what happened, so why again?”
Alistair took a deep breath, his nostrils flaring.
“I figured there was no helping the fact that you’re a heathen without the Andraste’s light in his heart, but we could make up for it… by getting the Ashes to Eamon!”
Tavaris’ eyes widened and for a moment Zevran was sure that he was going to strangle Alistair. There was this tension in his posture, muscles already coiled to attack…
…but after a few seconds Tavaris relaxed, his face turning into a disturbingly serene mask.
“Nuva fen’harel pala masa sule’din,” he said, very quietly, turned on his heel and left.
After a few heartbeats of stunned silence, Zevran grabbed his weapons.
“Talk some sense into that oaf,” he hissed to Leliana before following Tavaris down the road. He couldn’t leave his Warden alone like that, especially when he didn’t even bother to get his bow. Not when Zevran had just decided that he wanted him to live.
They didn’t have to talk.
“Zevran?” Tavaris asked quietly when they were safely out of the earshot.
Or they could.
“Yes, querido?” He answered warily, not sure what to make of his tone.
There was a brief, rather uncomfortable pause and then Tavaris flung himself at the surprised Crow, with his arms wrapped around his waist and his face buried in his shoulder. It took Zevran a few moments to overcome his own stiffness caused by the unexpected contact before he noticed that Tav was tense to a point of shaking. He wrapped one arm around him and slid the second hand under his chin.
“Tavaris?” He tried once again and leaned away slightly, gently forcing Tav’s head up to gauge his mood.  The grey eyes were blown with anger and the archer’s hands were clutched desperately on Zevran’s sides. The assassin was sure he was going to have bruises despite his leathers. “Talk to me, bello. What do you need?”
“I was this close to ripping his throat, Zevran,” he answered, his jaw still clenched. “If I had any weapon on me, vhenan, anything at all, I would kill that cursed shem.”
“Would you?” Zevran asked curiously before he managed to stop himself. The completely inappropriate thrill he felt at the low, almost growling tone of his Warden’s voice didn’t help. He didn’t doubt Tav’s skills, of course, he saw him kill. But it was one thing to put an arrow in a bandit on a trail, something completely different to sink your blade in a person you shared shelter and food for months.
“Why else would I run away without getting my bow, Zevran?” Tavaris asked flatly, looking Zevran straight in the eye. And yes, there was that rage, that resolve and in that moment the Antivan fully believed his words. It was exciting, it was fascinating and it completely turned upside-down the gentle, peace-keeping image of the tiny Warden Zevran had constructed in his head. And for some reason he was really glad for this misassessment.
“Aren’t you a savage…?” He breathed out in awe, tracing the strained jaw with his thumb.
Tavaris jerked in his embrace, eyes clouding with a new rage.
“I am not…” He paused, taking in Zevran’s expression. “You mean it as a compliment, don’t you?” He asked, obviously flabbergasted.
“I told you I fancy dangerous men, dear,” Zevran smiled, flashing his teeth at Tavaris. “And I won’t lie, that look in your eyes does wicked things to me.”
The anger in Tavaris’ eyes slowly evaporated, replaced by an incredulous expression.
“Are you telling me you’re getting horny because I told you I’d like to kill one of our travelling companions?” He asked, deep disbelief colouring his voice.
Zevran moved his thumb higher, to caress the Warden’s lower lip.
“Oh, no, hermoso, not at all. People say many things and usually you’re a fool if you take them seriously,” he grinned. “What makes me want to ravish you right here and now is the fact that you make me believe it.”
Tavaris relaxed in his arms, softened noticeably… and after a moment of stunned silence, he snickered.
“You’re incorrigible, vhenan. Truly incorrigible. But I guess that’s what makes it work,” he smiled, amusement flashing in his eyes. “Thank you for not judging me.”
“Why would I judge you?” Zevran asked, leaning down to nip at the shell of his lover’s ear. “Do you forget who I am? People die, sometimes we help them and usually they deserve it anyway, one way or another. Besides, you walked away instead of acting on this desire — so what is even to judge here? Not that I ever would.”
There was relief in Tav’s expression now, so palpable that Zevran felt like he could taste it.
“Serannas, arasha.” He smiled, a bit bashfully. “Ar lath ma.”
“As charming as it sounds, you are aware that I cannot understand a word you say, no?”
The grin Tavaris offered in answer was enticing, cheerful and totally shit-eating.
“I know.”
 
They stayed away from the camp for a while, joking and laughing, until Tavaris decided that he calmed down enough to face Alistair again without giving into murderous instincts.
“Do you want to tell me what made you so furious, hermoso?” Zevran asked as they were turning around to return. Tavaris closed his eyes and huffed.
“Shem being a blighted shem,” he answered sourly. “I am sorry, but if I go into details now, I’m going to get angry again and all your hard work will be for nothing.” He forced a smile, but his eyes had already dulled. Zevran cursed himself silently for ever asking.
“If you wish me to, I could just get rid of the problem for you,” he offered. “It would probably cause some problems and could be a source of some bad blood, but if you wish…” He hesitated, then smirked. “And my offer to whisk you away still stands. There are better places to be than this awful country.”
“Let’s revisit that idea once I actually can leave.” He leaned into Zevran, brushing his lips against his cheek. “For now I need to deal with the issue at hand…” He winced. “And in the way mamae would deem appropriate, I’m afraid.” He scrunched his nose and started in a comically high pitched voice. “Be wise, da’assan, be a bigger man, you shouldn’t have broken Junar’s nose, don’t shoot every shem on sight, ma’vherain, send them back home first.”
Zevran chuckled, wrapping his arm around Tav’s hips.
“It feels absolutely scandalous to hear you speaking of your family in such an irreverent way, mi bello,” he observed lightly. “Troublesome child, though? I have problem imagining.”
Tav snickered quietly.
“Mamae used to say that if I am in trouble, then it means that the sun must’ve risen. She told me that I have the Dread Wolf under my skin and I need to be wary of his whispers.” He sighed deeply, his good mood suddenly gone. “Maybe I wasn’t wary enough.”
“Ah, ah, ah, ah! Hush!” Zevran squeezed the hip under his hand. “Don’t do this to yourself, precioso mio. There are things that happen in our lives we have absolutely no power to stop. I couldn’t do anything about being sold as a child, you couldn’t do anything about the Blight turning your life upside down. Blaming yourself for it is foolish, dangerous and about as attractive as a running nose.”
Tavaris looked up at him, slightly startled.
“You don’t have… If you don’t want me…” He started, tripping over his words awkwardly. Zevran chuckled quietly.
“Hush, I don’t want to hear any more of this. Come, show me how you talk big, angry humans down. I find it utterly captivating.”
Tavaris flushed slightly, but let Zevran drag him back into the camp. The assassin looked at the sky. It was difficult to tell time with sun hiding under heavy rain clouds, but it still seemed reasonably early. As they neared the campsite Tavaris lost his pretty smiles and squared his shoulders, but that was unavoidable. If they were to move today at all, the problem had to be solved and one couldn’t expect it to be a pleasant conversation.
The Warden disentangled himself from Zevran’s embrace and went straight to Alistair, who was sitting on his own, rolled tent and poking the ground with a stick absently. Leliana was standing nearby with a tightened mouth, and Morrigan and Sten observed the scene from safe distance — the witch slightly amused and the Qunari unreadable as usual.
Tavaris approached Alistair, braced himself, and as soon as the human looked up, socked him straight in the jaw in the impressively executed left hook. Zevran’s own jaw throbbed in sympathy at the sight. Alistair, taken by surprise, fell down from the packs, clutching his face and spitting blood.
“What the…” He started, looking at his fellow Warden with a mixture of shock and anger. Tavaris didn’t let him finish, instead grabbing the collar of his gambeson where it stuck out from under the armour and hauled the templar to his eye level.
“You will never speak again this way of me or mine,” he said lowly, looking Alistair straight in the eye. “And that includes Zevran as well as my people, if you have any doubts. I’ve had enough putting up with that casual disdain from every shem around, so if you aren’t sure if what you want to say is offensive or not, you better shut your trap. Next time I won’t be so nice.”
Leliana took a deep breath.
“Tavaris, you can’t just…” Zevran caught her eye and shook his head slightly. Tavaris probably was overreacting a bit, but telling him that wasn’t going to help, on the contrary — might as well make him even angrier. The elven Warden let go of Alistair and turned to her with a dangerous glint in his eyes.
“I can’t what?”
Fortunately, the bard took a hint. She closed her mouth and shook her head with a murmured ‘nothing’. Tavaris relaxed a bit.
“Alright, we’re going to search for that Haven,” he said, the last word morphing almost into a snarl. “We’ve spend much longer than intended with the Tavella, so fine, have it your way. We’ll go on a fairytale chase if you insist. But,” he paused, looking pointedly at Alistair. “We can’t really afford to waste time. So, three weeks. If after three weeks we won’t get the Ashes, or at least a solid lead, we’re dropping it and getting back to more serious tasks.”
The templar spat another mouthful of blood, before standing up. Fortunately, he didn’t seem to look for retaliation.
“Three weeks?” He protested instead. “The knights were looking for months!”
“We don’t have these months, shem,” Tavaris shrugged, looking at his knuckles. They seemed to start bruising after the punch. “Of course, you’re welcome to make your own way and search as long as you wish. But I won’t stay there any longer than that.”
 
The atmosphere in their little party soured after that. Alistair avoided Tavaris as much as he could, talking to him only when it was really necessary. Leliana was torn between consoling the templar and mostly failed attempts to make Tavaris more amiable again. Zevran himself was rather content. Tav was snapping at the humans often, with a noteworthy exemption of Morrigan, but for the assassin he was even sweeter than usual. He sought his company every possible moment, showering him with affection, and while this kind of attention was something completely new for Zevran, he discovered — much to his surprise — that he actually really enjoyed the turn their weird relationship took.
Otherwise, the journey was relatively uneventful, save from a few skirmishes with Darkspawn and frequent, loud arguments between Alistair and Tavaris. It seemed that the Wardens clashed every time they tried to exchange more than a few sentences. It was growing tiresome.
“We don’t even know where exactly that cursed village is," argued the elf for the millionth time, while Alistair repeated: “You promised we’d go straight there."
Zevran yawned quietly, sliding from his saddle and stretching lazily. He got used to it after all that time, but his legs still liked to cramp if they rode too long.
“They are almost as bad as you two when you’re making love," Leliana noticed, taking Zevran’s lead and sitting down on a nearby rock.
“I wouldn’t compare these two situations. At least when we’re having sex, Tavaris sounds really delightful. Can’t say this about that.” He inclined his head towards the arguing Grey Wardens. He was starting to feel a beginning of a headache.
“That’s a matter of perspective, I guess," said the bard with a slight smile. “Believe me when I say that you two are rather annoying.”
“Jealous?” Zevran smirked. Much to his amusement, Leliana blushed, hiding her face behind her hair.
“I… I’m not," she stuttered. Zevran chuckled.
“Oh, dear, there’s no need to be so bashful. As much as it pains me to let him go even for a night, I might suggest to him that his affections are needed elsewhere," the assassin smiled slyly. “Or, maybe, you’d prefer my company? Both of us even?”
Leliana looked positively indignant.
“Really? You would cheat on him? Just like that?”
It was Zevran’s turn to scoff.
“Cheat? I’m not a cheat! But I doubt he would begrudge me finding pleasures elsewhere…  It’s an agreement of convenience,  after all, don’t confuse it with any foolish, romantic affair.”
“Is that so?” The expression on Leliana’s face was hard to read. “Seeing how frantic you were when he was ill, I’d say it looked pretty romantic. And these little touches you share, the smiles and soft looks…”
“It is not.” Zevran bristled slightly. It wasn’t her business in any way, the relationship between him and Tavaris, but even suggestion of it being more than it was irked him for no good reason.  Leliana hummed thoughtfully.
“If I were you, I would check if he agrees with you. Just to stay on the safe side.”  
Was there a threat in her voice? Zevran didn’t have much time to ponder that as the Wardens returned. Alistair with a satisfied expression, Tav looking rather gloomy.
“Further into the mountains, I take it?” The assassin asked. The hunter nodded.
“Yes, apparently someone needs to see with his own eyes that nobody lives there.  It’s too cold and nothing grows on these rocks! People would have to be mad to move into this part of mountains! ”
“We know the village is in the high mountains and that there’s some temple build there. We could look for the temple. Temples are usually big and visible.”
“Do you even hear yourself? It’s mountains! How do you want to look for a building in mountains? Let me give you a hint: in the mountains the mountains obstruct the view!”  Tavaris almost groaned. “I regret I ever agreed to waste the time on this.”
“It’s not a waste of time!” Alistair protested passionately. “We need the Urn!”
“Vyn esaya gera assan i’mar’av’ingala,” Tavaris scoffed quietly. Zevran didn’t have to know the language to fully understand it was an insult.  “Assuming that the myth is even true — which I personally don’t believe — and assuming we won’t end up like Eamon’s knights, it might as well take years before we find that village alone, not to mention the Urn. I’m pretty sure that if we even find it — and that’s a lot of assuming — Eamon will be long dead by then.”
“We’ll get back in time," Alistair said with conviction. Zevran just shook his head at the naivety of the human. Regardless of his fondness towards the elven Warden, he simply sounded much more rational in this argument than Alistair did. And, personally, Zevran would be much happier to get down into the flatlands. The weather was awful up here. He dreaded staying here long enough to meet Tavaris’ deadline.   
 
Everything seemed to point that the young Dalish was right. It’s been two weeks already and they were still searching for the village, without any success. The map they had from the journals was very rough, not much more than a hint of an area to search. What was even worse, the deeper into the mountains they went, the colder the nights were. Now it wasn’t only Zevran who was freezing, but Tavaris too. But then, probably it shouldn’t be surprising: the boy didn’t have an ounce of fat on him. Tavaris didn’t sprawl across the furs while sleeping anymore, instead curling into a tiny ball at Zevran’s side. Looking at his shivering lover, the assassin was tempted to simply kill Alistair one night and save them all the suffering.
Last night was particularly cold and all of them felt rather miserable in the morning.
“Three days," announced Tavaris over his breakfast. “If we don’t find Haven in three days, we’re turning back to Kinloch Hold and then to Orzammar.”
Alistair didn’t even protest.
“Orzammar is closer," noticed Morrigan.
“I hope to recruit a healer in the Circle," answered Tavaris. “We could use one. And, besides, I don’t relish the thought of staying underground," he admitted. “When I think about the amount of stone above the city…” He shuddered slightly.
“We’ll have to get there eventually," observed Zevran, despite the fact that he shared the sentiment.
“I don’t want to go from freezing to being closed in a death trap. I need a break.”
“A break to see the most pathetic cowards I’ve ever heard of," commented Morrigan sourly. “And you want one of them to go with us. Maybe a templar on top of that? You certainly lack some more pitiful fools in our little group.”
Tavaris smiled softly.
“No, Morrigan, no templars. I don’t want a crazied lyrium addict with us.”
“Well, that’s a relief. I’m reaching my limits of brainwashed fools I can suffer.”
They didn’t waste much more time and swiftly packed the camp after that. Their route went higher and higher, and there was no chance to do wide sweeps as they had done at the beginning of their march. Even worse, snow was becoming a problem.
“No chance we’ll find this Haven," sighed Zevran, looking at the narrow path before them. It was innocently covered in snow and he wondered how much time it will take before someone missteps and falls into the chasm to the left. Tavaris nodded with a bitter expression. 
“And on these paths, if it doesn’t stop snowing, we’ll have to either leave the horses or go back. And we’re not leaving the horses.”
“I don’t feel very confident about our chances, even without the horses,” Morrigan chimed in.
Alistair turned around.
“You’ve promised three days, Tavaris," he protested. The elf scowled, exhaustion drawing deep lines under his eyes.
“I’m giving you as much time as possible, especially given how foolish this endeavour is. But if it comes to keeping my word or saving our lives… I’m sorry, but the choice is obvious.” He scowled at the snowed trees around them. “Actually, I’m not sure if moving any further would be a wise decision. We should probably…”
“Wait," interrupted Leliana. “There’s a trail!”
Everyone turned their heads to see what the bard pointed at. Indeed, there was a trail slightly below them, and it looked less like an animal path and more like a genuine road, wide enough for a cart. It was a first sign of any settlements since they had entered the mountains.
“I guess we’ll see where it leads," sighed Tavaris with resignation. “We’re going to have to go around, I’m afraid.”
They turned their horses back, searching for a safe way to get to the mysterious road and soon found themselves at the end of it. The clearing they stopped at was obviously a lumbersite, with chopped trunks and tree stubs. It was deserted at the moment, however, and Tavaris rubbed his forehead in a weary gesture. The tips of his fingers visible under his gloves were frighteningly red.
“It seems that we have to go the other way around," he said, looking at the hacked wood with something resembling hatred. There was no denying that there must’ve been a settlement nearby.
“So we’ve found Haven,” Alistair announced with satisfaction. Tavaris scoffed lowly.
“All we’ve found is a clearing with chopped trees. It might belong to Haven, or it might be some other village that has nothing to do with our mission.”
“As far as we know there are no other settlements in the area,” Alistair said, puffing out his chest as if few felled trees proved he was right all along.
“We didn’t know about Haven either, not until we found the journal," murmured Zevran quietly, but the human Warden ignored him, looking at Tavaris triumphantly.
The young elf pursed his lips.
“Even if it’s not Haven they probably know where to find it," he admitted reluctantly. “But still, even if we find the village, it doesn’t mean that there’s anything there.”
“Brother Genetivi seemed to be sure that there will be at least some clue," answered Alistair.
“And brother Genetivi might as well be a deluded old man. That still doesn’t mean anything.” Tavaris turned his horse. “Let’s go. Even if we won’t find the Sacred Ashes, there’s a chance that we’ll at least get to sleep under a roof tonight. I might be more inclined to search for some burned corpse once I get a good night’s sleep.”
“The proud Dalish dreams of a roof?” Zevran teased playfully. “I was sure that you love sleeping under the open sky.”
Tavaris regarded him with sour expression.
“Aravellas have roofs, you know. And it’s cold. I’m Dalish, not crazy.”
The assassin chuckled quietly.
“Point taken.”
 
 



Red Snow
Chapter Notes
Ok, guys, sorry for the terrible delay. I had a really awful time since the last chapter (or, in fact even longer, but June and July were just... just... I don't have words, alright?). My living situation is currently disastrous for both my mental health and writing, but thankfully, I've got a new job that isn't awful and pays well enough that I should be able to get some kind of normalcy again within a month of two. This chapter was hella difficult too, since it swiveled faaar from the previous version and I had a very hard decision to make that... kinda forces me to rethink everything from this moment forward. It didn't help with the writing time. I must warn you - it is completely unproofed. I apologize for any typos, grammar mistakes and stuff like that - I couldn't find time and energy to pour over the technicalities of the text as I usually do and yet I wanted to finally give you the content. Hopefully, as my living situation starts to gradually stabilize, my writing energy will come back and the quality drops and breaks between updates won't  be so jarring. Thanks for putting up with me :)



They went up the road and soon the forest dwindled, giving way to an open area. The houses piled up the slopes there, and on top of the visible space they saw a huge building that looked distinctly like a Chantry. A rather old one at that.The village was eerie. An oppressive silence hung over the settlement, heavy like an unspoken accusation. A thick, pristine layer of snow covered everything, stifling sounds and making the whole hamlet feel strangely artificial, as if some gargantuan entity arranged the houses for an unknown reason, just like a child could arrange their toys — forgetting, however, about the little details that would make the place feel lived-in. The place wasn’t abandoned though — there was proof enough in even paths beaten into the fresh snow, leading from each of the houses to what seemed to be the main village road. This little proof of life didn’t change the fact that the area seemed dead. There was no signs of usual everyday chaos that marked spaces where people lived. No footprints straying from the even lanes, no handprints on snowed porches. There was no trace of kids waging a snowball war, or a snowman in the backyard, or any other game children would usually amuse themselves with. Nothing. And not a single soul in sight. “Huh, this looks weird,” Leliana remarked, looking around. Zevran was inclined to agree. The otherworldly emptiness of the village made him shudder — and he wasn’t a person who’d spook easily. “Well, there surely must be someone aro…” Tavaris started to say when from behind the houses, stepping carefully into prepared paths, emerged a man. He was clad in a full chainmail, bearing an axe at his hip, but his mismatched armour clearly indicated he was no soldier. Even so, his equipment was still well cared-for. Not something that one could expect to be collected in a rush by a simple farmer who owned his grandfather’s helmet and aunt’s jagged sword.Zevran almost frowned, barely keeping the expression off his face. Instead, he leaned slightly into Tavaris, pretending that he’d slipped on the snow. “Bandits or militia,” he whispered against his ear, barely moving his lips. “Either way — fishy.” He was quiet, very quiet, but so close Tav should be able to hear him well enough. Zevran hoped that the minuscule tensing of the ranger’s shoulder was a sign of just that. “Who are you and what are you doing in Haven? There’s nothing for you here," the armoured man said with open hostility. The Wardens exchanged brief looks.“I’m Tavaris Mahariel Sabrae of the Grey Wardens," the elf introduced himself as if nothing were amiss. “We came here for business.”Meanwhile, Zevran observed the stranger carefully. Tav’s answer made him frown and shift his weight in a way that betrayed, if not a seasoned fighter, then at least a person who spent a significant amount of time training for battle.“You did not. I would know if someone was expecting guests. Turn back.” Not a bandit then, Zevran decided, or a very good liar — which he doubted to be true. Still, the very presence of the guard made the assassin wary. Villages didn’t keep full time guards around — it was simply too expensive to have warriors lazing around in a settlement like that. Not without a very good reason, at least, and Zevran had trouble believing that a hamlet in the middle of nowhere had enough troubles with the bandits to justify it. There was also the matter of the Blight. But if that was the problem farmers prepared for, the man would surely be happier to hear about the Grey Wardens’ arrival.“We came here in search of Brother Genitivi," Tavaris said as if the guard hadn’t just told them off. Zevran was slowly starting to admire that particular ability of his to ignore whatever people told him. “Is he here?”“Who?” The guard’s frown deepened even more. Zevran was wondering if that little twitch of the brow was meaningful or just an accident. He noticed that Leliana’s expression turned thoughtful too. They should have a little chat once they were out of earshot. “Perhaps Revered Father Eirik will know of whom you speak, elf.” Tav’s ears twitched slightly. The first sign of a bad temper. “Revered Father?” The surprised bard asked, losing her focus. “What about a Mother?”“It has always been a Father in Haven. We don’t question tradition," the guard answered in a sharp tone, then turned to Alistair. Of course, a big, blond human man was the person to talk to, even if he stood to the side and hadn’t spoken a word yet. Zevran was sure Tavaris was livid already. “If you really need to, talk to the Revered Father. But you’ll have to wait, he is ministrating the village at the moment and cannot be disturbed. You can refill your supplies at the shop, though. Don’t overstay your welcome.”The guard turned away and disappeared behind the houses, leaving the party to their own devices. Zevran’s nerves were tingling with the wrongness of the whole situation. “They are hiding something," observed Morrigan, looking after the man.‘Well, you know closed insular communities. There’s always something nasty going on behind closed door," Zevran quipped in response, trying to diffuse the tension coiling in his muscles. “I hope it involves chains. I hope I’ll be asked to join in.”Ugh. That was awkward. And earned him an odd look from Mahariel and several other people. That place must had really gotten on his nerves if he was babbling so badly. “The shop sounds good, though," Leliana said lightly, drawing the attention away from the assassin. Given that said attention was on him only because of an uncouth blunder the distraction was rather welcome. “We have almost run out of vegetables and the feed for the horses.”There was a brief pause before Tavaris nodded curtly. “Sure, why not,” he said. “I would also like to visit the villagers and ask for shelter for a night. I doubt they would have beds read for us, but maybe someone won’t mind us crashing in their barn or something.”“A good idea,” Alistar agreed, rather enthusiastically, making Mahariel’s ears twitch irritably again. Even if things were mostly back to normal, ever since their argument Tavaris reacted badly to Alistair even in most innocuous situations. “I wouldn’t mind having a warmer place to sleep.”“A fine idea indeed,” Morrinan parroted in a bitter tone. “Nothing better than sleeping in goat stench.” “Feel free to stay outside, Morrigan. Nobody is going to force a comfortable night on you if you’re opposed to the idea so much,” Tavaris answered, rubbing the bridge of his nose as his ears twitched again. There was a tired look in his eyes as he looked up at Zevran. “Let’s check these houses. Surely not everyone is at the sermon.” The young elf went to the closest house and knocked; the door opened slightly under his hand. He bit his lip, glancing at Zevran questioningly. The assassin shrugged. The door was open, after all, and in Zevran’s books that meant that whoever lived there didn’t mind people snooping around. And if they did mind it was their own fault for leaving the door open. Though, to be honest, his train of thoughts would be probably exactly the same if they had anything weaker than magically strengthened triple orlesian lock. The Warden pushed the door fully open and entered, calling softly, “Hello? Anybody home?”Suddenly, he stiffened, looking at something inside. His face went unnaturally blank. By now Zevran was familiar enough with Tavaris’ expressions to recognize what that meant. The Dalish just saw something that didn’t exactly fit his knowledge of humans and their customs and was trying to hide the panic that came from that confusion. “Oh," was the only thing he said out loud, frozen in place.“What is it, querido?” Zevran asked, slightly alarmed and hurried to his lover’s side to assess the damage. As soon as he entered, a terrible stench hit him. It was so out of the place in the otherwise normal interior, it took him a few seconds to recognize it. Blood, a few days old judging by the sweet odour of decay. The metallic tang was already drowning under the more pungent stink of rot. It was a rather disgusting experience, and even worse, it triggered some really unpleasant memories of the early days of his training. He pushed them away and looked around, trying to find the source. The room was exactly what one would expect in a farmer’s house in the middle of nowhere. A big furnace that probably doubled as a sleeping place for the family; a table with narrow benches. A bloodied altar by the wall, some festive decorations hanged under the ceiling. Chests and cabinets for storage.Zevran did a double take, focusing again on the altar. That was absolutely out of the place here, and, without any doubt, the source of the impossible reek. Tavaris looked up at him helplessly. Judging by his expression he was trying to decide whether smelly, bloody altars were common fixtures in human dwellings or not. Given his background, he was probably inclined to believe they were. The assassin slightly squeezed the younger man’s arm.“That’s rather uncommon decor, I must admit,” he said lightly, answering the unspoken question. “Well, I guess that living in such a dreadful place one could develop questionable tastes.”Tavaris leaned into his touch, eyes darting briefly to his face, then back to the dark splotches of blood staining the stone block, wall and the floor around it. Morrigan, who entered just after them, gave the altar a thoughtful look.“That is human blood," she informed them evenly. At Tavaris’ shocked expression she shrugged. “I just know. I also know that nobody can lose so much blood and live.”Tavaris cringed slightly. The heavy steps behind them marked the entrance of Alistair — and probably the rest of the group. The templar gagged loudly.“Maker’s breath! How can anyone function in this stench?” He asked, pressing a handkerchief to his face. Zevran never took him for a type who’d have a handkerchief handy, but then Alistair sometimes did surprise. “Well, we could think outside, but instead of focusing on the smell we could focus on the purpose, yes?” He suggested, putting his hands on Tavaris’ arms and steering him outside past the crowded entrance. “Nobody makes human sacrifices without a reason.” “What reason would be good enough to kill a person?” Alistair asked, outraged. “Oh, you would be surprised, my dear Alistair,” Zevran answered, massaging discreet circles into Tavaris’ arms. The young man was either in shock or deep in thought. “Besides, I didn’t say that the reason had to be good, I just said it has to exist. Nobody gets out of the bed in the morning and decides ‘oh, I’m going to make some blood sacrifices today, just for the kicks of it’.” He paused, reconsidering. “Or, well, maybe someone does, but in that case they’re mad as an old Templar and that’s a whole reason of it’s own.” He was somehow proud of himself that he didn’t go for the low hanging bait and didn’t ask Alistair about his feelings about the bandits they encountered on the road about a week or two before. But it was different and even the assassin with his training recognized the fact. “Why old Templar?” Tavaris asked absently, distracted again by a minor issue.“It’s just a saying, querido,” he explained. Alistair answered at the same time, “some Templars go mad with the age, from the lyrium.” Tavaris made a small ‘ah’ sound and fell silent again, biting his lip and frowning with the effort of thinking. “So… Should we find that guard and tell him about that blood, perhaps?” He asked after a few seconds. “He seemed to be… the right person to inform, didn’t he? And this was messy and stinky and it seemed too filthy even for humans to bear. Though I might be generous in these assumptions…” He fixed Alistair with a disgusted look that said clearly that the elf knew perfectly well what state Alistair’s socks were in and that he had an opinion about that. Leliana bristled. “Tavaris! You can’t say things like that! It’s deeply offensive to assume every human is Alistair.” Alistair looked at her flatly. “What have I done now?” “You stink,” Tavaris answered emphatically and turned to Leliana with an ugly sneer. “And yeah, it might be offensive. You surely are an expert on offensive, miss ‘elves make great servants’.” “That was a compliment!” She crossed her arms defensively on her chest trying to stare the small elf down. Tavaris just tossed his hands over his head in an exaggerated exasperation. “Did you hear that, Zev? A compliment! ‘Elves make great servants’ is a blighted compliment now!” Zevran cleared his throat warily. “I absolutely understand your point, querido, but do you think it’s the right time to discuss that? Maybe we can get back to it later, when we’re in the camp, no? I think I should remind you that we just found traces of a human body and a blood magic ritual.” Tavaris scoffed loudly.“Who cares? It was only a shem. Big deal. There are already much too many arrogant shemlen around.” Zevran sighed, giving Tavaris a long, tormented look.“Querido, dear… You surely can’t be meaning that,” he said slowly, trying to calm the disastrous argument down a bit. Personally, he couldn’t care less about Tav’s opinions on humans and the value of their lives. He himself was pretty indifferent to racial disputes and grew up believing that every life’s worth is measurable in gold. Still, he recognized a social suicide when he saw one, and the fact was that they couldn’t afford alienating their allies like that. “I know you are upset, but..” “Now you, Zevran?” Tav hissed. “I’ll let you know…” “Enough!” Sten’s voice boomed over them, cutting the argument short. “I’m assuming the leadership of this group now.”The archer turned to the qunari with a disbelieving look on his face. “What?” He just asked, voice devoid of any emotion.“You spend your time and passion on a pointless bickering, elf, instead of the war that you should be fighting. You are no leader.” Tavaris narrowed his eyes, staring at the huge qunari with clear defiance. The sight should be pretty absurd, since the elf barely reached above the qunari’s elbow, but Tav somehow made it work. “I am your leader and you will fall in line,” he said very calmly. “I would send you away if you dislike my leadership style so much, but I promised I will keep an eye on you.” “A promise of a basra is worth less than a handful of sand on a desert. If you want to lead, prove you’re not one. Defend yourself!”There wasn’t any further warning, before the qunari charged Tavaris, drawing his enormous sword as he run. There was a clear disparity between Tav's face and the movement of his body. The former frozen in disbelief and betrayal, the latter governed by quick reflexes and deeply ingrained instinct. He pulled his bow from its sling with one hand, another already drawing an arrow… Just to realize, a second too late, that the bow was still unstrung. He tossed the useless weapon to Zevran, drawing one of his long daggers with his free hand and fixing his grip on the arrow to one more suitable for jabbing. Dancing away from the wide slash of the gigantic blade he looked small and terrifyingly vulnerable, which did unpleasant things to Zevran’s innards. His attention went back to the bow in his hand, the string bundled neatly at its upper limb to prevent tangling. There was some trick to the knot, the assassin knew that, seeing more than once how Tav unwrapped it in one swift move to have the weapon ready in matter of seconds. Unfortunately, Zevran didn’t know what the secret was, so he fumbled with the cord awkwardly, knotting it before he managed to pull it lose. In the meantime, Tavaris was frantically jumping around Sten, trying to avoid the heavy sword. He succeeded so far, but it was obvious that one good hit would incapacitate him easily. The elf avoided that so far, but his luck could run out any moment now. Zevran focused on the bow again, intent to provide Tavaris with a weapon before that happened. His fingers were uncharacteristically stiff when he tugged at the string, trying to catch the tiny loop at its end on the recess carved in the wood. It had a name, this tiny hollow and Zevran was sure he knew it. He didn’t know however, why did he get so fixated on the word, when all he needed to do was to hook the string there, while it slipped from his fingers. It took two, three tries, before the loop finally caught the uneven wood, string pulling taut as intended. As if called by the powerful relief emanating from Zevran, Tavaris glanced his way with an unspoken urgency in his eyes. The assassin nodded curtly and straightened, finally tossing the bow back to Tavaris. The young Dalish dropped his sword to the ground, reaching instead for his preferred weapon.Zevran observed the scene with some kind of terryfing clarity. Tavaris seemed to move in sync with the rhythm of the assassin’s heartbeat and that heartbeat felt impossibly slow. Some more aware part of the Antivan’s mind realized, of course, that the reality was quite opposite, but that didn’t stop the surreal experience. Tavaris had to jump a bit to grab his precious weapon and just as his fingers closed over the smooth wood, Sten’s heavy blade started it’s descent straight at Tav’s stretched form.  As the hunter noticed that, his muscles coiled and contracted and then Tav was rolling away from the deadly sword. He was jumping back on his feet immediately, using the moment of relief when Sten lost his balance when his weapon missed its mark. An arrow was nocked and aimed and suddenly time snapped back to its normal pace and Sten was reeling back, feathery shaft protruding from the gap in his shoulder armor. Tavaris didn’t waste time, already fishing another arrow from his quiver — with characteristic, stripped fletching. This one flew lower, hitting Sten’s leg and somehow piercing the plate on his shin as if it was parchment. The giant stumbled, falling to his knees in front of Tavaris. The arrow lodged in his shin shifted with the movement, but the qunari didn’t even wince. Zevran’s respect for the qunari grew a little. He himself was able to withstand this kind of pain with a  mockery and grins, but he wasn’t sure if he could keep such a blank expression. That required a will of steel. “Give me one reason, just one reason why I shouldn’t kill you now,” Tavaris hissed through his clenched teeth, seething, as he aimed another arrow at Sten’s head. “Just one blighted reason.” Sten looked at him calmly. With their height difference, even kneeling, the Qunari didn’t have to crane his neck too much. “I have no such reason. If I strayed from my purpose there’s no reason for me to live.” “Oh, you most definitely did,” Tavaris hissed, relaxing his hold on the tense bowstring. There was something wrong about that, Zevran realized belatedly. There was eerie calmness on the qunari’s face, some kind of being fully in agreement with the world and his upcoming death. This wasn’t a face of a overpowered traitor, but one of willful submission.There was no way to stop the flying arrow.






Deeds and consequences
Chapter Notes
Hello guys!Sorry for being so late with this chapter and for not answering the comments - I have read every single one of them and I appreciate them all, but life's been a bit crazy and I wanted to focus on writing instead of comments when I had fic-time to spare. Thank you for the love and bearing with me! As there were doubts about Zev's age: I know that his age is known now and that he's canonically younger than in this fic. Tag "Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence" is here for a reason - the first time I started working on this story was before the first "World of Thedas" book was published, and the age difference here has some impact on the characters, so I didn't rush to change it when the information was released. Till the next time! Enjoy!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




There was a loud thud of a body falling down in the deep snow and the oppressive silence followed when only Tavaris’ heavy breathing could be heard. Leliana and Alistair watched the scene with twin expressions of horror and astonishment. Zevran felt his own brow raising. Tavaris didn’t strike him as a particularly cruel or ruthless man, so seeing him killing a companion in a cold blood like that was rather eye-opening.Tavaris looked at the blood pooling from the body with an expression that somehow mixed grim determination and sheer terror. His eyes flickered between his own hands, still holding the bow and the arrow protruding from Sten’s eye socket.Maybe not so eye-opening. The boy seemed just a hair away from puking his guts out as the realization of his own deed dawned on him slowly. He didn’t have any hang-ups about killing in battle, but this kind of callous execution was apparently the line that he hadn’t crossed before. The assassin himself didn’t have any hard feelings — Sten was a wild card, proving just now that he couldn’t be trusted, even if his last words suggested that his death could have been a result of some cultural misunderstanding Zevran didn’t really want to analyze. Still, it wasn’t an incident Zevran was willing to ignore. Even if the Dalish looked sick to his guts at what he had done, it seemed that there was a breaking point after which he was capable of vindictiveness he wouldn’t suspect in that sweet boy he learned to know. Well, it was something to keep in mind in case his loyalties shifted again. Not that he planned to change his allegiance now, but it never hurt to be prepared.Surprisingly, Morrigan first broke the heavy silence.“Ah, a pity. He was quite agreeable for someone who would like to see me muzzled and bound,” she said, her tone detached as usual. “Now, don’t we have some religious zealot to talk to and some supplies to buy “Burial. We should bury him,” Tavaris choked out, his face white as a sheet and his eyes still trained on the body. “How do Qunari bury their people?”“Burial? Now you’re worried about a burial?” Alistair finally got back his voice, turning an accusing stare at the elf. “You murdered a man in a cold blood and now you’re worried about rites?”“He was a friend, Tavaris! He was weird, but he was a friend! You shared food and fire with him! Did you even know he liked cookies?” Leliana’s face was streaked with tears as she looked at Tav with a betrayed expression.Mahariel turned an incredulous stare on her.“How is it important whether I know he liked cookies, Leliana?” He asked, still visibly shaken but not willing to listen to the accusations patiently. “Is nobody going to address the fact he attacked me without any provocation? Or that I really couldn’t let him go free to murder another farming family in a fit of rage?”“You didn’t have to kill him!” Leliana protested.“And what was keeping him from turning on us again?” Tavaris grit his teeth. “The Blight is too serious of a threat for me to worry about potential traitor at my back.” Zevran wasn’t surprised to see Leliana’s eyes flicker towards him as if she wanted to ask why he had even been allowed to join them. She kept quiet. “Now, does anyone know any Qunari burial rites? I am not a barbarian, despite anything you might be thinking.”“Oh, just toss him somewhere out of the way,” Morrigan interrupted, slightly annoyed with the discussion. “From what I know about the Qunari, a pigpen will suffice. Or a compost pile.”Tavaris turned a horrified look at her.“You can’t be suggesting that!” He protested. “That’s an absolutely ungodly idea!”Morrigan scoffed.“Oh, please, stop giving me that scared look, Tavaris. With those ears of yours you resemble a hare caught by a wolf right now. The Qunari are very utilitarian people and don’t care much for their dead. I am not even sure if they believe in any kind of afterlife,” she explained, much more patiently than her expression might had suggested. “If you want to do with the body what Sten would want you to do, just stop making a fuss over it. We didn’t came to this stinkhole to commence foolish religious debates.” She paused. “Not that the task at hand is any less foolish.”Zevran touched Tavaris’ shoulder. It was featherlight, but enough to get him to turn his teary eyes on the assassin. The sight was rather striking, but in an unpleasant way — Zev still didn’t understand why and when he became so receptive to the boy’s moods, but it wasn’t really the time to dwell on it.“I know it goes against your beliefs and principles, my dear, but you should listen to Morrigan now,” he said gently. “There is a job to do and a Blight to be stopped and it won’t do anyone any good if we’ll get stuck here debating the funerals and betrayals. Come, let’s move him out of the way. It’s freezing, we can figure out what to do with him when we are done here.”The promise of… not fixing, but at least alleviating his guilt later, finally worked on Tav enough for him to nod stiffly and take the huge body under the armpits to start dragging it behind one of the houses.It wasn’t a big surprise that Alistair didn’t help, looking at Tavaris with disdain — but while the archer was strong enough to pull the body by himself, it was quite a pitiful sight to watch the small man struggle with the sheer size of the dead Qunari. It took a few seconds of a thunderous internal battle before the softer side of Zevran won — or maybe not ‘softer’. He didn’t have ‘soft’ sides, except maybe his soft spot for fine leather, expensive alcohol and good sex. But here, staying on Tav’s good side was his main mission and the ticket to his survival. He sighed and hurried to help, grabbing Sten by his legs and giving Tavaris a crooked smile.“You know I have better uses than carrying weights, no?”Tavaris looked at him with astonishment and anger at first, then resignation, and finally he cracked a weak smile.“Well, I can’t think of anyone better to hide bodies with, Zevran.”“Ah, well, I admit I don’t have much practice in that part. Usually I prefer to leave the bodies in plain sight. They serve their purpose better that way, no?”Tavaris shook his head slightly, futilely trying to hide his amusement.“I’m not too good with people, but I don’t think they like me right now,” he said quietly. “Maybe I should cease the inappropriate comments.”“Maybe.” Zevran agreed easily. “Or maybe you are a leader, burdened by a difficult decisions and you need to deal with that in any way you might find helpful.” He shrugged, fixing his grip on Sten’s legs as they started to slip from his hands. Andraste’s tits, the Qunari gave a whole new meaning to the expression ‘dead weight’.“I don’t know why I'm still surprised when you drop these tiny shards of wisdom,” Tavaris smiled weakly, then glanced over Zevran’s shoulder at the group standing on the plaza, lowering his voice even more. “But I’m not sure they’d agree. Probably I should wait with that dealing until there’s just the two of us.”Zevran raised one brow.“I like where it’s going, I admit. Though these don’t sound like words of a man overly worried about decorum.”Tavaris cleared his throat, averting his gaze. A slight blush crept up his cheeks but it was hard to tell whether it was from the embarrassment or cold.“That’s…” He started, then coughed awkwardly and started once again. “That’s not what I had in mind,” he explained in a strained voice. “Not exactly, at least. I just… like your company, you know. It’s just that.”There was something charmingly awkward in Tav’s expression and the tilt of his head. Though, probably dumping the body of your late companion in the snow probably wasn’t the best possible time to admire the quirks of your partner in crime. On the other hand, in Zevran’s experience, there weren’t many activities as bonding as hiding a body together. That had to count, yes?“Ah, of course, you like my company. I have trained hard and long to be a very amiable companion,” Zevran gave Tavaris a roguish smile. There was something to the hunter’s words, something that made the assassin slightly uneasy, but he suppressed that feeling, focusing on the job at hand. The situation was unusual enough to explain the weird feelings, but he couldn’t get distracted. “Here, I think this snow pile is big enough to leave him, no?”Tavaris was already opening his mouth to answer to Zevran’s first remark but the mention of Sten’s body obviously threw him out of the track, as he again turned sombre, awkwardly clearing his throat. The assassin felt a small pang of relief over that. Recently, many of his interactions with Tavaris made him unsettled – this talk slowly drifted that way as well.“Uhm. Yes. I guess,” the hunter said slowly as if he just remembered what they were doing — it seemed impossible, given the formidable weight of the body, but the young man looked lost. “I will trust your expertise on that matterZev almost answered that he was hardly an expert in the matters of snow, but he caught himself just in time. He wasn’t sure if he was ready to know what the jokes could lead to. They heaved the corpse and threw it in the deep drift. It landed with a soft thud, toned down by the cushion of snow. Tavaris looked at it with a pained expression before his face smoothed into the determined mask Zevran had grown so used to during their travel.“We need to move on,” he said, turning away from the snowdrift. The only thing betraying the strong emotions of last hour was a slight hoarseness of his voice. “Supplies, I think. And then we need to find that priest the guard spoke about. I’m quite eager to leave this cursed place behind.”“Ah, with that I agree wholeheartedly. Preferably somewhere with less snow, no?”Tavaris gave him a dark look. Apparently, this honest plea was taken for more joking and jokes were currently unappreciated. Zevran promptly closed his mouth.They returned to the rest of the group in rather uneasy silence, that turned borderline hostile under the heavy glares of the humans. Tavaris grimaced.“Fenedhis, just cut this shit now. You’re either going with me, or…” he closed his eyes and shook his head, clearly too fed up with the whole situation to care anymore. “Or I don’t give nugshit about that. I have a blighted job to do and I won’t have anyone getting in my way.”Leliana seemed stunned — Zevran had to admit he was rather surprised as well. This… this wasn’t Tavaris he was used to. Sure, there were arguments and he had lost his temper a few times, but usually, he tried to talk their problems through, even if these attempts were a bit awkward. This “no discussion” attitude was something new — but the last hour was rather taxing and Tav was obviously exhausted even before they had found the village.It was quite ironic that Sten would most probably approve at last.Alistair bristled.“You can’t just order us around like that,” he protested. Tavaris looked at him heavily.“I can and I will. I am done caring and explaining my every decision. You didn’t want the job, remember? So either shut up or leave. If I have to save the fucking world by myself, I will.”Zevran sighted and shuffled closer to Tav with a neutral expression.“You wanted to get supplies, no? And then to meet that revered father?” He smiled at the hunter, masterfully hiding his apprehension under the friendly face. “I would say we go before we find out that our boots have frozen to the ground.”It took him an embarrassingly long moment to understand the softer look in Tav’s eyes — he was grateful and relieved, but over what? That was something Zevran couldn’t really comprehend. There wasn’t much time to contemplate that since Tavaris’ expression turned back into the stony mask as he inclined his head stiffly.“Well, I’m actually willing to agree with the sycophant,” Morrigan said calmly. “We have wasted enough time as it is.”Tavaris gave another small nod in her direction and turned on his heel, not even looking back at Alistar and Leliana. Zevran couldn’t help but feel a pang of satisfaction. It looked that Tavaris had picked his allies from their merry band – and being counted in that number was all Zevran could hope for and even more. In terms of being shielded from the Crows, of course. As long as he stayed on Mahariel’s good side he felt quite comfortable about his chances.Something of that must have reflected on his face as Morrigan gave him a weird look before she hurried forward to match her pace with Tav. She obviously didn’t like to even look as if she was following anyone.The crunch of the snow under heavy boots told the assassin that Alistair moved to follow as well, even if the delay suggested slight reluctance. Leliana’s steps were much lighter, much softer, but Zevran was pretty sure she wouldn’t want to be left alone there. Thushel caught up with Zevran, nudging his hand with his muzzle – even the dog was out of sorts in all of that.They walked in silence, Tavaris with Morrigan in the front, Zevran just a few steps behind, Alistair and Leliana trailing after them, but keeping their distance.The village was built on the slopes of the mountain, the yard where the fight took place on its lowest tier, connected to the rest of the settlement with a path so steep Zevran had trouble imagining how the locals managed to pull the carts up there. There were, however, deep wheel tracks, so apparently, they did. Somehow.As they reached the higher tier, Zevran’s attention caught a crude, weathered sign, swinging in the wind with an unpleasant creak. It was hard to tell what the dull paint was supposed to represent, but in such a backward dump it could be only a store or an inn — or, most probably, a place doubling for both.Tavaris apparently came to the same conclusion, heading towards the building. Before he entered, though, he turned to Zevran. His eyes betrayed exhaustion — though it was hard to tell if it was the physical or mental kind of tiredness — and his expression turned softer as he looked up at the assassin.“Would you mind keeping watch while we check out the store, ma’vhenan?” He asked quietly. “I don’t trust the people around here.”“We haven’t seen much of them so far,” the Crow answered lightly, not particularly inclined to stay in the cold while the rest would hide in the warm — or at least, warmer — building.“Exactly.” Tavaris sighed, rubbed the bridge of his red nose and looked up again — this time his expression turned pleading. “Please, Zev. I… I don’t think I trust anyone now.” But you, was left unspoken, but still, the message was very clear. You couldn’t really refuse a request like that.“Well, I doubt I would find anything of interest in there, anyway,” he said as if those were his thoughts since the very beginning. “It does not seem like kind of a place that would stock Antivan burning brandy. Or fine sheepskin coats. Or anything fine, really.” He smiled at the Warden. “I will keep an eye out for you.”“Thank you so much, lath. I will make it up to you,” Tav promised with youthful eagerness and stood on his toes to give him a kiss. The kiss was anything but cold, so it was only with the deepest regret that Zevran gently nudged him away.“As much as I enjoy this, I must ask you to stop, precioso. Call me silly, but the thought of ripping my skin as we pull away frightens me quite a bit.”Tav obediently moved away, smiling slightly and saying quietly something in elven. Zevran didn’t understand a word, of course, but Tav’s voice was tender and amused. Probably not curses then.“Alright, let’s get it over with,” he added, turning to the rest of their group, his voice strengthening and gaining an edge that wasn’t there when he talked with Zevran. He pushed the store door open and entered, stealing a short glance at the assassin, who leaned against a wall, wrapping himself tighter in his double cloak.Leliana followed reluctantly behind him, and after that, Alistair — whose pout was probably better suited for a childish squabble than a serious dispute.Morrigan didn’t enter — which wasn’t really much of a surprise. Instead, she leaned against the wall on the opposite side of the door and sneezed quietly, as she wrapped herself tighter in her feathery cloak. Zevran had his doubts whether that garment could serve as anything else but a fashion statement, but he had to admit, it was a rather fetching thing — even if quite eccentric. Morrigan’s suspiciously red nose, however, ruined any effect the mysterious veil of feathers might have had in different circumstances.“You might want to go inside, my fair bruja,” he suggested, not unkindly. “Warming up these rosy cheeks might do wonders for your colour.”“My colour is perfectly fine, assassin,” the witch snapped, pulling her cloak tighter. “I find it astounding, however, how well have you adjusted to Fereldan climate,” she commented, resentment dropping from her every word. Zevran just shrugged, almost content in his two-layered cloak. Almost, since the cold wind still bit almost painfully every single inch of his exposed skin.“I try to dress for the weather,” he said lightly. “I would recommend it to you as well.” It was a little bit annoying, but well, Morrigan’s waspish moods weren’t anything new to him after all this time.“It’s a wonder you don’t wear a mabari collar then,” Morrigan huffed, apparently upset at the remark. Zevran raised a brow, not sure whether he saw the connection. Prolonged silence did its work since Morrigan scrunched her nose when he didn’t take the bait and continued.“You follow Mahariel like a loyal hound, always ready to jump on his whim,” she accused. “One would think that a man like you would have a little more dignity.”Zevran chuckled. Suddenly everything became clear — the witch was trying to bait him into an argument, probably for mere enjoyment. He had decided to comply — though in his own way. He wasn’t up for a fight, but riling her a bit sounded like a decent pastime.“I would think that you had figured already that I am a man completely devoid of such useless traits. I am rather invested in my own wellbeing and I find ‘dignity’ and ‘pride’ to be concepts that wouldn’t serve it in any way.”Morrigan pouted, scrunching her nose — it made for rather charming, even if clearly disdainful, expression.“So trailing after that kid like his personal slave is beneficial for your wellbeing?” She asked, her tone very clearly showing what she thought about the idea.Zevran just shrugged. He didn’t like the word, but unfortunately, the concept applied a little too well to his situation, as he started to realize in the last weeks. “I was a slave my whole life, let’s be honest. And I actually like that kid — that’s not something I could say about my previous masters. Not to mention that I am pretty convinced he’ll make sure that I’ll be rather comfortable once this whole mess is over.”Morrigan scoffed. “I’m pretty convinced he’s going to bolt back to his clan once he gets a chance. Assuming, of course, that he’ll live through it, which is rather doubtful. I find it hard to believe that a spoiled flat-ear like you would like living in a forest with a bunch of half-wild nomads obsessed with their long past glory.”Zevran raised his brows slightly. “It remains to be seen. He misses his clan, obviously, but I am not so convinced he’ll decide to go back. From what I gathered they wouldn’t take kindly to his proclivities and I doubt he’ll be eager to get back to them after tasting the wider world. Besides, I hope to solve the problem of my previous employment by this time.”“Oh, that’s surely what you would think.” The witch’s expression clearly told what she thought about him getting away from the Crows. “From what I have gathered, he won’t give up his people for mere sex. He might be susceptible to your wooing, but he seems rather ashamed of the very fact.”“Oh, in my opinion he simply does not like you to hear everything we might be doing – but if this affliction you are speaking of is real, I fully intend to heal him of it before we meet our grisly ends.” Zevran grinned behind the high collar of his cloak, trying to ignore the grimace she made. Morrigan scoffed again.“How noble!”Zevran only smiled wider. “Oh, I owe him a lot — that’s the least I can do in return,” he said lightly, pretending he didn’t understand her jibe. “He’s a good kid, doesn’t deserve to be miserable for the rest of his life — no matter how short it would be.”“And here I would’ve never taken you for a charitable sort,” Morrigan snorted.Zevran was already preparing the answer when the store door opened with a loud thud and Tavaris stormed out, seething.The assassin raised one brow.“I take it didn’t go well?” He asked lightly.“He asked me if I am real and if I ate shem children, Zevran!” Tavaris answered, kicking a pebble. The assassin winced — it was painful enough to watch the crazy Dalish walk in the snow almost barefooted; kicking stones just in these ridiculous socks Tav considered to be snow boots was even worse.To distract himself from the thought, he looked through the opened door into the store.“Querido. It’s just a kid,” he said, flabbergasted, for once at the loss of the words. Fortunately, he didn’t have to put his feelings into words, as Morrigan scoffed quietly.“Oh, please. ‘Tis no longer entertaining, just simply pathetic. If Ferelden’s only hope is a man who can’t even handle a child’s ignorant questions, then this country is truly doomed.”Tavaris turned around, crossing his arms over his chest and kicking another pebble before he looked up at the witch with an expression that had to be barely concealed pout.“You don’t understand,” he accused. “That little shem didn’t concoct it himself. It was other itelsalen that taught him that the People eat children”Morrigan just rolled her eyes.“If you loathe them so much, then why would you give any heed to their superstitions? They are itelsalen, you say. Shouldn’t one of the People be above the opinions of such a wretched lot?”Tavaris deflated a bit, the stubborn set of his jaw softening. Zevran had an awkward feeling that he was missing a huge part of this conversation. Before he even managed to ask his bubbling questions, Tavaris’ eyes took a suspicious look.“How do you even know what that means, Morrigan?” He asked, sensing a deception. “I didn’t know you’ve spent enough time with the clans to learn such a language.”The witch just shrugged her expression again that of a bored superiority. “’Tis not important; not that I would need to understand the exact meaning of the word. Your tone made the sentiment clear enough.”Well, this was true enough, Zevran admitted to himself. He knew Tavaris despised humans, but judging by his tone and expressions, the depths of this hate were apparently greater than he had assumed so far. It seemed that contrary to Zevran’s prior observations the boy was capable of lying through his teeth with no one being any wiser. That… that made for a very dangerous precedent.He had started to trust Tavaris to some extent — at least in his unwavering openness. Now he felt played for a fool. Wasn’t this the very thing he was wondering about a few weeks ago before he decided that the Dalish was too sheltered and to honest to hide anything? Or maybe it was simply the case of the Warden’s frayed nerves. That would be a much less dangerous option, but Zevran hadn’t lived to his thirties by lowering his guard just because it was more convenient to believe in people.With this thought, he donned his warmest smile — the so-called ‘honest’ one.“Their views might be misguided, mi caro amico, but they are right to recognize a threat in you,” he said, then his grin turned wicked; a very deliberate change of expression. “After all, this is one of the things I find most charming about you.”The hard look on Tavaris’ face softened instantly and he looked up at Zevran, a shy trace of a smile appearing on his face.  



Chapter End Notes
Big thanks to  Rosehip  who made this chapter readable!


Disciples of Andraste (Pt.I)
Chapter Notes
Surprise surprise. This is basically first half of the chapter - I thought I might post it already, while the second half is being edited.



It took a while before Zevran managed to sweet-talk Tavaris into relaxing, but thankfully when Leliana and Alistair emerged from the store he wasn’t seething anymore. That was good, anger made people stupid — and Zevran didn’t want him to act stupid. Even with all his freshly discovered doubts, the tiny Warden was still his best bet at surviving.
“Ready to go?” The short elf asked brusquely at the sight of the humans. “I would like to be done with that place already.”
Leliana paused, grasping the sack tighter — on her hands reddened with cold the whiteness of her knuckles was even more visible than usual.
“Actually, if you don’t mind… I would prefer to take supplies to the horses, maybe set up a camp and think a bit. I might have overreacted earlier… but… I really don’t know what I think and what I feel about you right now, Tavaris. I think it would be better if I went back for now.” Tavaris’ expression didn’t change, but Zevran didn’t miss his shoulders relaxing minutely. He nodded at Leliana.
“Of course, take your time. I think we should be able to handle the rest without you in this situation.” It seemed that after his anger lessened he decided to do some damage control. While it was the right thing to do, Zevran wasn’t sure how to interpret that. His newly raised paranoia told him that it had to be a calculated move, element of an elaborate deception. Another part of him, the part that grew to like the young Warden, wanted to believe that the kid was just trying to set things right after the whole mess that took place in the last few hours. Still, the question, what else he had missed was burning a hole in Zevran’s mind.
 Tavaris looked up at Alistair, his face a perfect blank mask.
“What about you? Do you want to go with us or do you prefer to join Leliana?” His tone was kind, the same he used in earlier stages of their journey when he tried to convince Zevran that he wasn’t an enemy.
Alistair, apparently was much less susceptible to that voice than the Crow himself, as he glared heavily at Tavaris.
“I guess someone should go with you to make sure you won’t murder anyone else.” The look he sent towards Zevran and Morrigan clearly said that he hadn’t thought them capable of such a task. Zevran just shrugged with an amused smile. He wasn’t going to argue with that.
Tavaris wasn’t half as amused. His jaw took the stubborn set again as he responded to Alistair’s glare with a glower of his own.
“Fine,” he spat. “But don’t expect me to roll over if anyone tries to kill me again.”
““What about not shooting people in the eye when they've surrendered already? Have you considered that option?”
“Maybe I should shoot you instead, so you won’t have to witness my wicked ways anymore?” Tav’s willingness to smooth things over with their human companions evaporated in an eyeblink. That could end badly — and they had enough bad endings for today.
“My dear Wardens,” Zevran said amiably, stepping between them with a charming smile. Another fight was the last thing they needed right now. “I understand that emotions are running high, but we don’t really have too many Wardens left here and with the Blight to stop it would be rather unfortunate if we ended with one less.” He put his hand on Tavaris’ chest, feeling woven leather straps of his armor under his fingers, while his other hand stopped just a silver from Alistair’s cold plate. “Maybe it would be smarter to save this conversation until later, this time without insults and threats, eh?”
Tavaris gave him a slightly betrayed look.
“I was trying to be civil!” He protested though he didn’t seem as if he resented him for the intervention. On Zevran’s another side, Alistair frowned deeply, shying from the hand that didn’t even touch him.
“Yes, querido, you tried. And the first steps were truly marvellous! Unfortunately, I have to admit that threatening someone with an arrow to the eye would hardly sound civil even where I hail from, and you should know already that we are distinctly more relaxed in most of these matters than Fereldans.”
“Yes,” Alistair grumbled. “Much more relaxed, and much more stabby as well. But I am not surprised that you take his side. Birds of the a feather and stuff.” He stepped back, his voice dripping disdain as much as it was possible when using words like ‘stabby’.
Tavaris tensed even more, but Zevran pressed his hand to his chest with more force, smiling at Alistair.
“I am flattered by the comparison, but I don’t really think that Tavaris would be a good Crow material, dear Alistair. He has a conscience, you see, and that’s not a very Crow-like trait.” He flashed his teeth at the Templar, a warning that would be clear for any Antivan, or at least anyone less thick-headed than the big Warden.
The help came from a rather unexpected direction.
“Alistair, I know you’re trying to do the right thing, but this is not the right way to do it,” Leliana said quietly, leaning her supply sack against her hip. “We are all angry and upset here, and Tavaris maybe even more than the rest of us. I don’t condone what he did, but he had his reasons — and we have a duty to the Maker and to the people to stop the Blight, no matter how we feel about each other. Zevran is right. We should let this matter rest until we’ll able to talk about it without waving our weapons around and insulting each other.” He sighed, picking the sack again, then send a heavy look towards Tav. “But we will have to talk about it. This… This wasn’t something that can be ignored.”
“Fair eno…” Tavaris started to say, his voice betraying his weariness. But Leliana wasn’t finished yet, her voice taking an edge to it that wasn’t there before.
“And Zevran. I understand what are you doing and any other time I would say it is really adorable that you get so protective of your lover. But don’t threaten my friends ever again.”
The Wardens both looked at her, their animosity briefly forgotten, as they almost echoed themselves.
“He was threatening him?”
“I was threatened?”
Zevran just sighed deeply, looking down at Tavaris with fatigued resignation. He still wasn’t sure how much of this was a play and how much an honest reaction, but he had to admit one thing: the Dalish sometimes really felt dense as a brick.
Leliana looked at him with a resigned expression; despite their edged conversation — or maybe because of it — Zevran felt some kind of weird kinship with her for a moment. Her chipper religiousness underlined by naive, casual racism was sometimes hard to bear. He understood why Tavaris and Morrigan were so annoyed with her; but still, she was a Bard. A Bard would never be a Crow — still, she was trained in the Game as he was in murder, and trained in murder as he was in the Game. This was probably as much common ground as he could get with anyone, considering his situation.
“Could you cease this ridiculous baying and start moving?” Morrigan asked, the intended aloofness of her tone slightly ruined by a loud sneeze. “As amusing as this is to watch, you're going to attract unnecessary attention. Don’t count on me if you lure here a band of angry mages ready to put you on their sacrificial altars.” She sneezed again. "At this point, I might even consider aiding them with that."
Tavaris sighed, stepping away from Zevran.
“You're right,” he said quietly, not looking at anyone. “I am going to the chantry. You… you just decide who is going with me and who is staying.”
“Alistair?” Leliana asked softly.
“No way I am leaving these heathens to deal with a holy man,” Alistair protested. “Even if people here are… quite odd.”
Zevran saw Tav’s hackles rise again so he interrupted before the situation escalated again.
“You wound me, dear Alistair! I'll let you know that I am Andrastian as well. I know all the daily prayers and I even went to sermons sometimes. Sister Lisabeta’s bosom really made me contemplate the divine.”
Alistair groaned while Tavaris snickered quietly. The human Warden turned to Zevran with a desperate look on his face.
“Is there really nothing sacred for you, Zevran?”
“I am offended by this assumption!” The Crow protested, putting a discreet hand on Tav’s back and guiding him to the steep road leading up to the Chantry. “Let me tell you I was really devoted to that bosom and many other bosoms after that. I truly find them a trace of the Maker in this world.”
“And we’re back from amusing to sleazy,” Morrigan commented, starting to climb the road as well. “It’s truly a wonder nobody had cut your tongue off, assassin.”
Zevran made sure to make his gasp as theatrical as possible.
“Cut off my tongue?” He asked, clutching his chest with the hand that didn’t hover at Tavaris’ back. “Mi bruja hermosa! That would be like breaking all the statues on Antiva City’s Golden Plaza! Like devastating the Winter Palace of Halamshiral! Razing the Grand Necropolis in Nevarra! There are treasures that shan’t be ever destroyed!”
“Actually, the Winter Palace in Halamshiral is something I would rather gladly devastate,” Tavaris said quietly. “It’s been built on stolen land and on bones of the People. Just another monument of shemlen treacherous nature.”
Zevran chuckled deeply, even though he was still wary of the tense atmosphere — and wasn’t particularly happy to have his efforts of easing it sabotaged by the Warden.
“Well, in this case, the Winter Palace doesn’t measure up to my tongue. If you’d allowed me to show you, you’d never make such a grave mistake again.”
There was a low, unhappy grunt from Tavaris — apparently, there was no way to cheer the boy up now — while Morrigan, as expected, scoffed loudly.
“Just try and I will freeze you dead, assassin.”
Despite what many people would think, Zevran knew perfectly well when to stop. Morrigan’s voice had lost the subtle, playful note it had before, so he obligingly shut his mouth, moving even closer to Tavaris instead.
Thankfully, they have reached the Chantry before the hostile silence started to wear on his nerves.
 
The building was distinctive against the houses build in equal amount from stone and wood, resembling a little stronghold. The architecture clashed with other buildings in the village; heavy, low-set and wide, giving an impression of age. The steep roof above the solid walls was obviously added much later, sharing its flimsiness with the cottages scattered around. Zevran was never a connoisseur of architecture, but even to him, there was something deeply unfitting about the whole setup.
Even so, it seemed that he was the only one interested in architecture. Alistair was still glaring at Tavaris as if he was expecting him to randomly start butchering everyone around, starting with his own dog. The dog in question was sniffing around, running few steps away. Morrigan, as usual, was a picture of indifference. Tavaris stopped before the wooden door — gate, even — listening intently to the stifled sounds behind the thick wood.
After a moment of waiting Morrigan fixed her grip on her staff.
“Do you intend to stare at that gate until the Darkspawn find this hovel, Tavaris?” She asked, her tone biting. Another sneeze ruined the effect again.
“I… I’m not sure,” he admitted. “There’s a sermon there, so we were told. I am not sure what the customs are. Can we just enter? I don’t want to offend them right from the start.”
“It should be fine, as long as we don't interrupt,” Alistair answered. This was the first time he spoke since their angry exchange. “If we stand in the back and wait, nobody should be angry.”
Tavaris nodded stiffly and cracked the door open, Zevran slid in just behind him.
The room felt suffocating, while rather drafty at once. The villagers were huddled in the middle, in front of a low dais on which a weathered priest with an impressive beard gesticulated wildly. Tavris stood close to the wall next to the door, watching with clear apprehension. Zevran joined him, leaning against the wall lazily. From the lack of better things to do, he started to listen to the sermon and frowned. This didn’t sound anything like prayers he knew from the Chantry in Antiva.
Maybe some things were lost in translation, he decided. And Antiva is the whole world away from here, so some cultural differences are a must.
Way-too-loud clank of the armour announced Alistair who reluctantly joined them under the wall, then, after an even longer moment, Morrigan shuffled in reluctantly, silent like a cat, if not for her loud sniffling
“I don’t know any of these prayers,” Alistair whispered after a while. “And I was raised in the Chantry.” Zevran acknowledged the information with a low hum. This either meant nothing or was quite alarming — for the sake of caution he decided to treat it as latter. In his experience, surprises rarely turned out well. He himself was an epitome of a surprise. He knew best.
Tavaris didn’t seem to comprehend the problem.
“I don’t know the songs of other clans as well,” he whispered shrugging lightly. “But I am sure that they are heathen as well.”
Zevran couldn’t miss the annoyed twitch of Tavaris’ prominent nose.
“My dear Wardens, let’s not…” He started, in a hushed voice, but the priest’s booming voice had interrupted him.
“Ah, welcome! It seems that we have some visitors wandering around the village. I trust you have enjoyed your time in Haven so far?”
That… wasn’t good. Bloody altars, gruff militiamen patrolling the edge of the village and now this surprisingly jolly priest? It didn’t add up — or rather it added up well, but the result made for a rather unpleasant picture.
Tavaris’ nose twitched again so Zevran took it upon himself to answer before the archer caused another disaster.
“It’s a bit chilly, Father, but the views are spectacular.” He smiled, putting all his charm in this expression. “But please, don’t mind us — we had no intention of disrupting the service.”
“If that’s the case, maybe you shouldn’t have disrupted it,” the priest was smiling, though the expression was obviously faked. “But that’s of no matter, we are done here.”
One of the women looked at the revered father startled.
“And what about the Sanguine Canticle, Father? We haven’t gotten to it yet!”
The man just shook his head.
“That’s for a different sermon my child, don’t worry — and let me talk with our guests.”
If that wasn’t suspicious, Zevran was a blushing virgin — not to mention: Sanguine Canticle? It sounded more like a ritual he could have encountered in a Crow sanctum than a part of normal Chantry service.
So, he did the best thing he could do when suspecting dangerous secrets: he acted oblivious.
“That’s most gracious of you, Father,” he said, never losing his smile. “It’s uplifting to find such warm hospitality in these freezing mountains. We were hoping for some shelter and I see we won’t be disappointed, no?”
The priest’s face seemed frozen in a stiff grin. With every second it looked less like a friendly expression and more like a predator baring its teeth in a threat.
“Of course. We wouldn’t be so barbaric to refuse, knowing the long way you set on tomorrow.”
“It’s great to know I wasn’t mistaken!” Zevran didn’t miss the not-so-subtle suggestion. “I hope you won’t mind us asking a few questions before we get on our way… We’re looking for a frien…”
“We’ve seen the bloody altars and knives in the village,” Alistair blurted out suddenly. Zevran bit back the a groan, watching in desperation as the superficial friendliness melted away from the priest’s face in an instant.
“This, my brothers, is what happens when you allow outsiders into the village. They have no respect for our privacy. They will tell others of us if we let them. Word will spread, and then… what? You, strangers, do not understand our ways. You would bring a war to Haven with your ignorance.”
“And what about brother Genetivi?” This time Tavaris chimed in, his tone more irritated than actually worried. “What did you do to him?”
“We don’t owe you any explanations for our actions. We have a sacred duty.” The human looked at them while speaking but at this moment Zevran was painfully aware of the fact that he no longer spoke to them. His hands found the hilts of the daggers on the instinct. “Failure to protect Her would be a greater sin.” The blades slid smoothly halfway from their sheaths, the yellowish glint of deathroot poison on them reassuring. “All will be forgiven.”
 



Disciples of Andraste (Pt.II)



 Zevran lunged towards the guards. Steel ran out as they drew their weapons and sped from their stations at the Chantry walls. The air around the priest crackled with power- a mage! No time- Zevran dove under the arm of a guard, his blade grazing the skin of the man's inner elbow. A cut so shallow might not poison him, but a mountain of steel and man lumbered towards Tavaris, his greataxe held aloft. Tav blinked, aware of the danger too late. Zevran barreled into the man. They crashed to the ground. Zevran sliced into the man's cheek, sure of the poison this time. He leaped off the human as an arrow whizzed over his head. Bone-deep relief washed through him.Tav had recovered and already nocked another arrow. The Mage-priest readied another spell but it diffused harmlessly as Zevran knocked him off his feet. Morrigan took advantage of his distraction and froze the man to the floor. Alistair parried a hit aimed at his head by one of the guards with the heavy-gauntleted arm. Zevran’s teeth tingled as the priest reached out to the Fade, straining against Morrigan’s spell. The Crow didn’t intend to wait and see if he was going to succeed — he jammed his dagger into mage’s carotid artery. The frost started to melt around them as the old man gurgled, blood seeping out from the deep wound to the chantry’s floor.He pulled his weapon free and jumped out, seeking the next threat. Behind him, Alistair finally managed to get his shield from his back and used it to pummel one of the village guards into the ground — which would be all well and good if he didn’t miss another one closing on him from the back. Zevran moved to assist him, but he wasn’t even halfway there when a stripped arrow went through his gauntlet. The human shrieked in pain — a quite disgraceful sound — and dropped his axe. The weapon glanced harmlessly off his armored back.Zevran changed direction as a woman stumbled towards Morrigan with her blade poised to strike. She wore excellent armor but Zevran spotted her unprotected armpit.Focused on the woman, he almost missed the guard approaching him from behind; he more felt than heard the quiet whiz of air cut by the falling blade.It was too late to dodge on an instinct he sucked in the dormant energy from the blood spilling from under the priest's body and stepped sideways, his body temporarily losing its tangibleness, as he pulled himself halfway to the Fade.The blade fell down, harmlessly cutting through the mist that was Zevran's shoulder now, as the surprised attacker stumbled and fell forward through space where the Crow's body was supposed to be.The spell exhausted him quickly — not born to manipulate the Fade, these small tricks were taxing on his mind and body. He clung to the Fade though for a moment longer, waiting for the attacker to leave the area where Zevran's own body would materialize. It was an awkward and very dangerous experience to materialize around something else and Zevran wasn't particularly eager to cut stranger's body parts out of his legs. He was even less eager to explain they found themselves there in the first placeZevran pulled himself back to the physical realm and plunged his dagger into the nape of the unfortunate guard. He staggered into the female guard. They fell to the floor together in a disgraceful heap. As the assassin was pulling his weapon out, Morrigan tossed a freezing spell on both of them and effectively ending the fight.The assassin breathed in deeply, slightly unsettled as he usually was when he used the Crows' special abilities. Morrigan looked at him with a curious expression and slightly raised eyebrow.Braska! That was exactly what he wanted to avoid by refraining from using his more special skills. The others didn’t seem to notice anything odd, and he was fairly sure that Morrigan wouldn't tell on him — yet. He had a healthy dose of respect for the witch — and he strongly believed she wouldn’t have any problems with using such juicy blackmail material if she considered it useful. The question was, how much did she notice and what he could do.“Zevran!” Tavaris tossed his bow to the ground and jumped to Zevran, his huge eyes shining with worry. “Are you alright?” His hands were on the assassin instantly, as he looked him over searching for an injury. Upon the inspection, the frantic look gave way to a confused furrow of his brow, before he hesitantly stepped away.“I am sorry… I thought…” He coughed, clearing his throat and looking up at Zevran. “I thought I saw one of them cut your arm, vhenan. I didn’t mean to overreact.”“The blade went to the side,” the lie rolled smoothly off the assassin’s tongue. “You don’t have to worry about me, bello.” He reached up to tilt Tav’s chin up for a kiss — Tav loved being kissed — then, realizing, he was soaked in blood, withdrew it quickly. Not quickly enough, though, as there already was a bloody smear on the Dalish man’s face.“I am sorry, my dear Warden, I didn’t mean to leave bloodstains on you,” he apologized quickly, giving him a roguish smile. “These pretty eyes make me forget about the world way too often.”Tavaris smiled with resignation, trying to wipe the stain from his skin, but only making things worse — his own hands weren’t exactly clean either.“It’s fine, vhenan. I believe we’re all due for a bath now.” He stood up on his tip-toes to place a quick kiss on Zevran’s cheek and looked around, surveying the chantry’s room. His expression turned grim again.“But I see a different problem here. We still don’t know where Genitivi is.”Morrigan shrugged.“Somewhere around. If we catch one of these villagers I believe the Crow will be able to make them talk sooner or later.”“We’re not torturing villagers!” Alistair protested, appalled.“Why are you instantly thinking about me torturing people, hmm, dear Alistair? Is that some secret fancy of yours? I admit I find the idea rather intriguing,” Zevran purred, looking around. Alistair was the most rewarding person to tease like that — a blushing virgin who nevertheless read enough naughty novels to have an idea what Zevran was talking about. On Tavaris, most of these remarks would be lost.As Alistair spluttered, Zevran turned his attention to the twin doors behind the altar.“But I would first check what we can find there,” he suggested, waving his hand in their direction. “We might be able to learn something before resorting to any unpleasant means.”  The assassin decided that Tavaris should have prayed to whatever gods the Dalish tended to pray in thanks for having him close. He managed to figure out the existence and location of the secret room soon enough — from what they remembered about the outer shape of the building, it was pretty symmetrical; while the rooms on both sides of the altar were significantly different in shape and size.“Here, we have found a secret room, my friends,” he announced cheerfully, knocking at the curved outer wall of the ‘smaller’ room. The sound was different here than on the other walls, but it was only Tav’s ear that twitched a little.“Room, you say.” Alistair didn’t sound convinced, but Zevran didn’t pay attention, surveying the wall carefully. If he wasn’t attentive — or simply unlucky — he could miss important clues, so he ignored the templar, fingers tracing the uneven surface of the wall.In Zevran’s experience opening mechanisms were usually placed somewhere between waist- and eye-hight — still, he had to examine each stone carefully. The only thing he was worried about was the possibility that whatever lever opened the door, it might be additionally secured with a lock. Testing Tavaris’ patience wasn’t something he wanted to do, not after today, even if everything suggested that he was in the Warden’s good graces.His fingers caught on a stone block sticking from the wall a bit further than the rest.“Ah, presa!” He exclaimed quietly, his fingers deftly seeking any catches and possible traps on the surface of the rock. A few minutes later he found the correct press point; the rock tile sprang open, showing an opening with a small metal ring inside. No locks, Andraste’s blessings. Zevran checked the opening carefully — if he made this door himself, he would surely include something very sharp and very poisonous in the mechanism.There seemed to be no trace of a trap, but it felt a bit too easy. Zevran caught his lockpicks uselessly in the upper wall of the recess, pretending to be holding something, and called out.“Alistair, my dear friend! Would you be so kind and give me a hand? I need you to pull something for me.”The Warden approached with a deep frown on his face.“Is that really necessary?” He asked, looking at Zevran suspiciously.“My dear Alistair, as you can see I have both of my hands busy. I just need you to pull on this little ring there — I believe it should reveal the door to the hidden chamber.”Alistair didn’t seem convinced, staring at Zevran suspiciously as If he thought that he would glare some evil ploy out of the assassin. It wasn’t even a very good glare, and with his bad hand starting to tremble he would pull on the chain himself — but now, after he asked it would look abysmally stupid.Not to mention that he wasn’t completely convinced that there was nothing dangerous in the hole. If he could make Alistair risk his hand instead…“Oh, for all that is holy,” Tavaris scoffed behind Zevran’s back. “I am not going to stand here until the Evanuris return.” He leaned lightly against the assassin and reached into the hollow.Zev’s brain froze for a second — he didn’t intend to risk Tavaris of all the people gathered. He asked Alistair for his help for a reason, and this reason was that losing Tavaris to poison would be much worse ending than losing Alistair. The guy was good-looking, but with the awkward animosity he exuded, Zevran had a hard time warming up to him.Thankfully the mechanism seemed to be much less sophisticated than Zevran gave the villagers credit for. As Tav pulled, the wall to their left creaked loudly and started to slowly rotate on some hidden axis. Much to his relief, there was no poison, no hidden needles — and apparently no other crafty workings, as Tavaris already pulled a length of chain out of the hollow, grunting with effort — getting only a silver of opening for his efforts.Zevran slid his useless lockpicks into their sheath, debating whether he should give his lover a hand — thankfully, Alistair finally stepped in, reaching around Tavaris and grabbing the length of the chain in the front of him.“I would be jealous if the view was not so enticing,” Zevran said lightly, crossing his arms over his chest and staring at the Wardens with clear appreciation. “Two manly men in such a sensual embrace — this is not a sight common in this frigid land.”Tavaris jerked abruptly, smashing Alistair’s chin with the top of his head. Alistair cursed, reeling back heavily. The stone door squeaked loudly and suddenly fell into the place under their joined weight.Tavaris dropped the chain.“What the fuck, Zevran?” He hissed, rubbing the tender spot on his head where he hit Alistair. The Templar almost fell back on his ass, kept standing only thanks to the chain he hadn’t yet released with one of his hands. “Sensual embrace? Have you lost your mind?”“Ah, I apologize if I offended, that wasn’t my intention, my dear Warden!” Zevran raised  his hands in a warding gesture. “I will say no more.”Tavaris huffed loudly, looking at Zevran with heavy resignation. Alistair finally dropped the chain, rubbing his sore chin and grimacing.“You know, I am a Warden too, right, Zevran? I don’t get why there’s only one Warden here worth apologising to.” He said. “Especially that angry elven guys with shoulders wider than mine definitely aren’t my type. I’d sooner try my chances with the icy-icy witch there.”Morrigan raised one of her narrow brows.“So you truly are curious how would you fare as a toad, aren’t you?” She asked. Alistair just shrugged.“If I am to choose between you and him…”Tavaris huffed quietly.“Thankfully you don’t have to choose anything. Now, are we going to discuss your preferable bedfellows here, or are we going to check if we will find anything about these cursed Ashes?”“Sacred Ashes,” Alistair corrected, grimacing. Tavaris rolled his eyes.“At the moment they seem to be the bane of my life.” He sounded as if he was going to say something else, but there was a soft groan — very soft — from the hidden room. Tavaris’ ears twitched and he turned his head to the door. The room was dark, so Zevran doubted he saw much. Judging by the oblivious faces of the humans, they didn’t hear a thing.“It seems that we might not be alone,” he warned them, losing his playful facade for a brief moment.His Warden fixed his grip on his bow, then reconsidered and hung the weapon across his shoulders — it didn’t look comfortable, but for sure would be faster than returning it to its sling — and drew his long dagger instead. He turned to them and inclined his head in the direction of the room, waiting just a second before he slipped soundlessly into the dark room.Zevran hurried behind him, keeping quiet as well, but the effect was immediately ruined by Alistair’s loud steps. Andraste’s blessed ass, that boy had all the grace of a wounded druffalo. They had to teach him somehow how to move without alerting everyone three villages away.  Stepping into the dark room Zevran blinked, waiting for his eyes to adjust — just in front of him Tavaris seemed to be doing the same.Alistair stumbled into Zevran, stepping on his heel painfully.“Is there any reason why we don’t have any light? You know, light helps when you’re trying to look around.”Zevran clicked his tongue.“Only if you’re human.”“I would venture a guess that they do it to make you uncomfortable, Alistair,” Morrigan explained, her tone condescending. She had sent a small, white spark of light after them, though.The light gradually brightened, the faint wisp gathering strength as it floated nearer to the two elves. It revealed a round chamber — a study from the looks of it — filled mostly with tall shelves. There was a big desk with a comfortable looking armchair, with papers strewn on its surface; a couple of chests — one, half opened, showed some weapons inside. On the other one lay two elaborate staffs.“So… Where…” Tavaris started, but a low moan from behind one of the shelves answered his unvoiced question. They hurried there, to find a man in tattered chantry robes curled up on the floor. He didn’t seem really conscious of his surroundings.“I would guess that this is the famed brother Genitivi,” Zevran observed, leaning against the bookshelf. “He doesn’t look like he is going to tell us much.”Tavaris, who already knelt next to the prone man, looked up at Zevran, smiling.“How about you stopped being a smartass and gave me a hand, lath? I think that between the two of us we should be able to get him awake.”The Crow didn’t miss a beat. “Of course I will give you a hand. Where would you like me to put it?” He purred, crouching next to Tav to place a quick kiss on his ear.Tavaris smiled at him, his eyelids sensually dropping half-mast as if they were in the privacy of their own tent.“First, on the bolt of the door,” he answered, his voice just as sultry — but his face straightened quickly. “The villagers will eventually realize that the priest isn’t coming out — and then on some elfroot extract, hot water, fresh linens? Whatever you’ll find, ma’nehn.”“Is it really a good idea to barricade ourselves here?” Morrigan asked. “No beast would let itself be cornered so hopelessly.”“You’re right, but we can’t move that man now — and if that’s really Genitivi then we’ll need some answers from him.”Morrigan scoffed quietly.“And of what use is he to you? He’s half dead already and I know that you find this ridiculous search as bizarre as I do. Even if you make him talk, he is going to be delirious for sure.”“For once he’s trying to do something right — do you really have to be evil right now?” Alistair protested. Zevran stood up, flicking his ears in exaggerated exasperation.“I had better close that door for now — please let me know when you decide who is killing whom this lovely evening.Personally, he mostly agreed with Morrigan — while some naive part of him was curious of the Ashes, the human really looked as if he needed a miracle, or at least a spirit healer — not the mundane first aid Tavaris was able to provide.As he left the hidden chamber Tavaris was already suggesting some creative uses of Morrigan’s spells to help the exhausted chantry brother.The heavy bolt to the chantry doors lay near the entrance — the Crow felt rather grateful that the local maleficars took the custom to make every chantry building defensible seriously. Still, the witch was correct — getting stuck in here wouldn’t serve them in any way — so he went on a long walk around the building, surveying all the walls and windows, looking for another way out. About an hour later he decided that, unfortunately, their best bet were high stained-glass windows, so he picked a dagger from one of the corpses and started to carefully pry open the solid frames of the mosaic. He was deep at work when Tavaris slipped out of the hidden chamber. His hair was mussed and there were deep shadows under his eyes. Apart from the clear exhaustion, there was also this angry set of his jaw Zevran had seen way too often, today.The assassin dropped the completely ruined dagger and stood up to look for another one, trying to shake off the unpleasant heavy feeling in his stomach. Turning to Tavaris he smiled amiably.“You look rather tense, querido. I am thinking you might enjoy an Antivan massage once we get out of here,” he suggested. “I do not wish to brag, but I was taught by the best masters of the art.”Tav’s lips twitched in a small smile.“I am too tired to even be angry anymore, lath,” he confessed, coming closer, wrapping his arms around Zevran’s midriff and pressing his face into the Crow’s shoulder. “Genitivi is talking with Alistair. Of course, he took me for a servant. I didn’t even have enough energy to tell him off.”Zevran stiffened a bit — he didn’t really know how to understand this kind of intimacy. Hesitantly he embraced Tavaris — that was probably what the Dalish expected — and to alleviate his own discomfort, he nipped slightly at Tav’s ear in a weak attempt to turn it into an extended foreplay.“In this case, I just hope that the Ashes are far away and impossible to find so we could give up this ludicrous quest and find some warm, pleasant inn instead, where I would be able to ravish you properly.”Tavaris hummed quietly, smiling into Zevran’s neck — the assassin could feel it on his bare skin, as he took off his coat while he was working.“I’d like that,” he said quietly. “Though I am afraid that no such luck. As I left the priest was insisting that we need to bring him up the mountain. There’s supposedly a temple there, and he is convinced that we will find the Ashes there.”“Ah, such a cursed luck. So it seems that we might still be unfortunate enough to succeed?”At that Tavaris chuckled lowly, pressing a kiss to Zevran’s neck — exactly in the same spot where the assassin felt his smile.“It seems so. Now, please tell me: do you have any idea how to transport a man who can barely stand up a mountain, all while avoiding angry locals and their pitchforks?”Zevran smiled. At least here he could help.“I am not sure about the first part, precioso, but I might have an idea how to sneak out without alarming the villagers.” 



The Temple
Chapter Notes
That was a hell of a chapter to write.Big thanks to october-rosehip for combing through it -- it would be a complete disaster otherwise.



They sneaked out through the window Zevran has had pried open, brother Genitivi leaning heavily on Tavaris. The hunter’s ears flicked constantly as listened to the locals gathering outside the Chantry already. If they were quiet enough, they stood a chance to be high in the mountains by the time the locals managed to enter the building.It wasn’t easy going, especially not with the sick lay brother with them. After long deliberation, Tavaris begrudgingly offered to support the brother — his reasoning being that as an archer he could fall back without sacrificing the defensibility of their small group. Zevran didn’t envy him the additional burden — the snow was deep and the Antivan had problem just pushing through it even without the added weight. The Dalish, however, managed somehow, even if the cleric dwarfed him almost by two heads.They kept out of the road — in the shadows that were growing longer and longer with every passing minute. Zevran hoped that the deception and shadows would give them enough cover to reach the temple unbothered — he wasn’t sure how they would fare now in a fight — tired, conflicted and burdened with a sick man.No such luck — one of the kids spotted them behind the trees and run back to the chantry, shouting. Tavaris let out a heavy sigh, turning to one of the boulders and helping Genitivi hide behind the rock. He pulled his bow out of the sling and started fingering his arrows with a focused face.“I have only twelve arrows left,” he said quietly. “Let’s make sure they count.”“Wouldn’t it be better to run, or hide?” Zevran asked, not very enthusiastic about another fight and the way Tavaris prepared for it. There was something fatalistic in his tired moves and his calmness at this point was eerie.“We can’t run with that weight,” he inclined his head towards the boulder behind which the brother was sitting. “And we can’t hide here. They know the area.”Genitivi opened his mouth to protest — Tav’s flat tone was nothing but dehumanising, and Zevran suspected that the human might have been bothered — but one look at his stone face made him deflate.It wasn’t right to see Tavaris like that — he was many things, but never this dispassionate. It brought unpleasant memories of his old life to his mind – and the arousal mixed with a tinge of fear this sight invoked wasn’t, for once, a welcome feeling.That’s just a Dalish boy far away from home, he had to remind himself. Not a Crow master readying himself to punish an apprentice.As if sensing Zevran’s doubts, Tavaris looked up from his quiver, giving him a weak smile.“And here I hoped for a room and a bed tonight,” he murmured so quietly that Zevran was sure that Alistair, standing just few steps away didn’t manage to hear that.Not just a boy — a very tired boy. The raw exhaustion in his eyes wasn’t something that could be faked.Before he managed to think about anything witty or reassuring, a shout broke behind the bushes and a group of the villagers came out to the clearing, carrying torches and tools repurposed as weapons. The fight was short and brutal. Villagers, even furious, didn’t stand a chance against two Wardens, a trained assassin and a powerful witch on the top of that. Zevran noticed that Alistair was trying to pull his punches at first, but apparently he gave up at some point, as he saw him yanking a sword from a corpse with a grim expression. A cut under his eye seemed like a rational reason that could have set them off. The carpet of bodies covering the forest floor was frightening. Even overpowered so greatly, none of the cultists tried to run or surrender. They had no choice but to slaughter a host of untrained peasants.Tav methodically collected his arrows, expression grim, and without further comment went to pick up shivering Genitivi. He was still silent when he started again the slow trudge upwards.Genitivi, obviously unsettled by Tavaris’ cold attitude, started talking nervously about some journals of Havard the Aegis, which allowed him to locate the temple lost for centuries — under any other circumstances Zevran might have found it moderately interesting, but now as they were trying to avoid another confrontation with the villagers, nervous babbling might not be the best idea.Tavaris didn't speak. The assassin noticed the constant tension in his jaw, however. The Warden had been pushed past his breaking point many times, Zevran noticed – and just when this thought came to his mind, Morrigan turned to the brother.“’Tis not come to me as surprise that an Andrastian priest would have wits of a hare in spring. What I am wondering — is it how they pick you or does it come later?”Her tone was surprisingly polite, as if she was merely inquiring about a curiosity.“What?” Genetivi turned his head to look at the witch and lost his footing for a second. Tavaris caught him before the fall, but the scowl on his face started to look painful.“’Tis typical of the hares to lose their wits in spring over the mating calls. I’ve seen many a hare get snatched by a fox that only waited an opportunity,” she explained. “’Tis just unfortunate that you try to make the local dimwits into foxes.”“Foxes…?” Genitivi started to ask, but then his face lightened up with understanding. “I apologise. It’s just that it’s not everyday…”Tavaris’ calm broke.“You won’t be apologising any longer when you get a pitchfork in your ass, shem,” he hissed, “and I am not inclined to save you from it if you don’t stop blithering.”Even Zevran winced at the pure, unfiltered hate his lover currently emanated. This was getting out of control.Thankfully Genitivi took the hint and shut up before Tav did something he might regret later.Zevran let out a long breath and focused on any sounds of pursuit again. The prolonged silence in the forest behind them seemed like a good sign, though the assassin couldn’t shake the feeling of uneasiness. It was a well justified uneasiness, as it turned out. As they got to the line of the trees, they saw a group of the village guards waiting just ahead. On the road. Genitivi raised his hand.“The entrance is just behind them,” he whispered, gesturing at the stone surface somewhere behind the group. At this angle Zevran couldn’t see it properly, but he could see some irregularity of the rock face there — a door, most probably.“There’s eight of them,” Tavaris said quietly, letting go of the brother who stumbled a bit before he leaned against a tree. “And four of us. We should manage.”He nocked an arrow and furrowed his brow.“How did such a dump equip eight guards? I didn’t even see any smithy.”As it turned out there were more than eight of them. The second group — of six, arrived shortly after they engaged in the fight, and then, when Zevran spotted another party of ten approaching, Genetivi did something with the sculpted gate that, indeed, was there and soon Tavaris was urging him into the temple and shutting the door closed. There was a brief moment of hammering at the door but soon it quieted down – the question was: did their pursuers give up, or did they go to look for another key?They were panting. The day seemed to be way too long, starting long before they even reached Haven. Now Tavaris looked like he was going to faint any second, Alistair was leaning heavily on his sword — for once ignoring the fact that scraping the blade on the stone would inadvertently dull it — and Morrigan sniffed loudly, her nose red like an apple. Zevran himself didn’t feel too spry anymore either — the only person who seemed invigorated by the situation was brother Genitivi. The cleric regained spring in his step, even though he still limped after the rough treatment he received from the hands of the Revered Father.“So wondrous! So much to explore!” He exclaimed, hobbling from wall to wall and clawing at ice covering the stones. “Did you see these frescoes? Sir Alistair, you need to look at it! It might have been painted just after Andraste’s death.”Alistair gave a noncommittal groan — he looked as if he didn’t want to offend the scholar, while unable to care anymore. Tavaris huffed, wiping sweat from his brow with a deep frown.“There are only two things we’re going to explore now — ways to block these doors from opening and possible spots to catch some shuteye before we start to drop on our own weapons.”“As long as they don’t have another key we’re safe,” Genitivi declared, not even turning away from the painting he was currently studying.“’As long as’ isn’t good enough,” Tav barked, looking around. “If we drag some of these broken sculptures to the door we should be able to block them from opening,” he noted. “Or at least it would do enough noise to wake us up if needed.”As tired as Zevran was he had to protest.“Are you sure, carissimo?” He asked. “It would mean blocking the only way out we are aware of — and you can not possibly know what lies in wait ahead.”“We don’t know what’s ahead,” Tavaris admitted. “But what I know is that behind our back there’s an army of villagers who are after our heads. I would like to get some rest before we face them again, even if that means risking an attack from the inside of the temple.” At Alistair’s skeptic expression, he sighed. “I know for sure the folks outside are trying to kill us, alright? But we will look for something properly secluded. There has to be some quiet nook in this temple.”“What about Leliana?” Alistair questioned. It was Morrigan who answered, freezing the hinges of the gate; Zevran doubted the usefulness of that action, since the temperature in the temple was already glacial.“She isn’t chased by a troop of angry peasants,” she said. “I highly doubt any of these dimwits even realizes she was with us.” She paused. “Well, unless she does something stupid, but that’s a fate we can’t save her from.”Tavaris shrugged, nodding in Morrigan’s direction. Alistair didn’t look happy about the answer, he didn’t argue any further though. Soon, despite brother’s Genitivi protests, they started to build a barricade under Tavaris’ direction. Zevran, deemed the least useful for hauling rocks between Morrigan’s magic and Wardens’ muscles, went to scout the surrounding area; the temple, unfortunately seemed to be well used and Zevran was grateful for Crow magic when he encountered a first sentry few corridors away. He managed to slip out without alarming anyone and turned to check the area on the other side of the entry room.Here he had more luck. He found a heavily snowed-in corridor, that obviously hadn’t seen any use in centuries - if one ignored a wild bear that made its lair there and a corpse of a Redcliffe knight. The bear was easily disposed of with a heavily poisoned dart – he didn’t use these often, but there were moments when they came in handy.As he returned bearing good news the barricade was almost done and it had been decided that the brother Genitivi was to stay at the campsite until they return from the deeper temple. The cleric protested a bit, but when Zevran gave his confirmation that yes, there were other cultists in the temple, he gave up and agreed to stay where he was told.“Let’s just make four watches and get some rest,” Tavaris said, fatigue clear in his voice. “Morrigan, I would like to see you well rested — how about you put up the wards, go to sleep and take the last watch?”The witch shrugged.“I don’t have to sleep,” she said. “I can simply put the wards up and meditate while you sleep.”Tavaris shook his head.“The circumstances are awful and we won’t be well-rested anyway, but I need you to get as much rest as possible,” he insisted.Morrigan shrugged. “Suit yourself.”“Still, first we need wards and we need fire — in this weather we will freeze in our sleep without it. Can you make us invisible?”“I can hide us from sight,” she agreed. “And I can warm up an area around the camp so we won’t have to risk fire. You should pick one, though, as holding two spells at once might put a too big burden on my connection to Beyond.”“I would suggest picking warmth,” Zevran offered. “You want us to keep watch anyway, no? Without the fire it’s already not as much to conceal.”“It sounds fine,” Tavaris agreed, nodding. “I will take third watch. Alistair, I want you on the second — Zevran, would you take the first?”The assassin couldn’t help but feel this was Tav’s pettiness that made him put Alistair on the second worst watch.“I would gladly take the second one if you don’t mind,” he offered — Tavaris was his main focus but there was no reason why he shouldn’t build some goodwill with the second Warden, as long as it didn’t interfere with his primary goal. And he wasn’t going to sleep anyway, not with mad cultists in close proximity.Tavaris made a brief, very subtle grimace, but nodded.“If you really wish so, that’s fine with me. But catch some sleep earlier.”Zevran just raised his brow, watching as small Warden wrapped himself tighter in his cloak, and laid down on the ground as Morrigan started to heat up the air around them. It seemed he was out in seconds.“So, I will wake you up in a hour or two,” Alistair said, sitting down. “Or something. Just don’t think it changes anything. I wouldn’t sleep with you on the guard anyway.”“Oh, so I am to be graced with your handsome company during my watch?” Zevran leered, sitting down an arm-length away from Tavaris who already curled within himself into tiny, only vaguely elf-shaped ball. Morrigan huffed and started to prepare herself for sleep as well.Alistair winced, suddenly realizing the truth of Zevran’s words. He still wasn’t keen on the assassin’s company and it showed. Zev felt some form of perverted satisfaction from this grimace. With Alistair’s continuous animosity towards him it felt good to pay back for at least some of the discomfort he caused him.He was already opening his mouth to say another uncomfortable joke when Tavaris whimpered in his sleep. Zevran’s attention snapped to the smaller elf immediately.Tav’s hands were clenched on the edge of his cloak so tight his knuckles turned white. As Zevran watched, he whimpered once again, then let out a long, pained moan before turning to his other side.Zevran frowned, remembering his talk with Morrigan in the depths of Brecillan forest.“Do you know what is wrong with him perhaps?” He asked, itching to reach out to Tavaris and run his hand along the ridiculous braid of his lover. “Morrigan said it is a Warden affliction.”Alistair hesitated, as if he wasn’t sure if he could answer — but finally he decided to answer despite his dislikes.“He’s hearing the Archdemon,” he said slowly. “It isn’t the most pleasant thing, as you might imagine.”“He dreams of the Archdemon?” Zevran asked confused. Alistair shook his head.“He hears the Archdemon. You know, the ugly, living one — speaking to its troops.”Zevran frowned. He never thought about that, but…“How come this is possible? Tavaris has no magic in him, and I would believe you would need lots of magic to accomplish such a feat.”Alistair squared his shoulders, pulling his knees to his chin.“That’s the Warden thing,” he grumbled out.Tavaris tossed again, his moans growing louder.“He is not always so agitated at night,” Zevran observed with a frown, reaching out to put a hand on Tav’s shoulder. The young man whimpered, but calmed down a bit.“It depends on the Archdemon, I believe,” Alistair said. “And, well, he seems to be worse…” He paused, coughed and winced. “He seems to be worse when he sleeps alone. He..” Now the Templar’s grimace went from mildly disgusted to ‘I was asked to eat a horse turd’ disgusted. “He sleeps better when you join him in his tent.”“Of course he sleeps better. A relaxed body overcomes a troubled mind.”“I don’t even want to know what you mean by that.” Alistair made another face. Tavaris groaned in the background again. “You should go to him,” the Warden said in a gruff voice, as if offended by the very idea he was suggesting. “He’s calmer with you.”“I am a very open man, Alistair, but considering the ways I usually use to give him a good sleep, this is a bit too exposed even for me.”The Warden scrunched his nose. “I am not even suggesting that!” He protested. “Just go, lie with him or something. But please don’t do any of the things you usually do at night together. I am already close to digging these images from my mind with a dagger, and I haven’t seen anything yet.” He paused, as if reconsidering what he said, then blushed. “Or whatever.”“Oh, that would be indeed a gruesome sight I wouldn’t wish to witness,” Zevran’s voice was almost serious, as he wondered what Alistair had in mind by telling him to lie with Tavaris. He was sure that he had already established why that would be an awful idea. “Though, I would still insist that you shouldn’t turn down such delightful activities without trying them first. You’re missing out, dear Alistair.”“Even if I was interested, I would have to find different company,” Alistair said dryly. “Mahariel would skin me alive if I laid a single finger on you.”“I think I should be able to persuade him that this isn’t another sign of elven oppression,” the assassin offered, but his heart wasn’t in it. While he did ogle Alistair for a while after joining the group, he didn’t feel any need to follow it with anything more than just a bit of friendly needling. He had Tav’s ear and bed and that was enough for now — even if he would prefer having an actual bed instead of a bedroll.The human seemed to sense his hesitation as he rolled his eyes and nodded towards the small figure in a thick cloak lying few steps away and shaking in his sleep.“Just go to him and help him rest. I might be slow sometimes, but I am not so slow as to not notice that we need him with steady aim. The guy might be an ass but I won’t stop the Blight without his bow.”Zevran agreed, with one correction — Tavaris was a rather fine ass, not just ‘an ass’ — still the Templar had a point: the archer could shoot down twenty men in time the rest of them took to take down five. What’s more — he never hesitated to aim straight where they were engaged in melee fight, surprisingly with good results. Losing the perfect track of not shooting their allies during a combat didn’t sound like a good idea.Alistair turned away — it was hard to tell if he wanted to give them privacy or to avoid indecent views. Zevran almost scoffed — as if he could do something like that to Tavaris without his consent. Not to mention, that this wasn’t the kind of exhibitionism he might sometimes enjoy. To be honest, though, he didn’t know how to approach this task. Tav lay there, curled in a ball, now sobbing in his sleep.He wasn’t the sobbing type, not when he wasn’t asleep. He could be frustrated, he could shout, he could kill — but Zevran couldn’t imagine him sobbing, and so quietly, his voice a whimper. Yet, here he was, exhausted by the darkspawn dreams to the point of weeping.Suddenly Zevran didn’t just feel obliged to help, he wanted to. The problem was — he didn’t really know what to do. Alistair was claiming that Tavaris was reacting well to his proximity. Was that supposed to mean that he should cuddle with him?It wasn’t that Zevran never cuddled. He did. It happened when he had to gain a measure of trust from someone, or he remember vaguely that sometimes some of the whores would get children for a cuddle session when they had a better day.He cuddled with Rinna sometimes — usually when they were both deeply intoxicated. Taliesin watched them with an expression that was rather hard to read, but wasn’t approving. These moments felt precious and rare — times when he allowed someone really close.Now it felt just painful. He didn’t deserve that closeness, Rinna’s small breasts pressing into his back; that warmth of another’s body against his exceeding past quick trysts — the smell of Tav’s Dalish soaps and salves tickling his nostrils just like long golden hairs of his braid did.There was something very wrong with this thought but before the assassin managed to examine it more closely, Tavaris turned in his sleep with a loud whimper, showing his tear-stricken face.Zevran gave up on thinking, unbuckled his blades, putting them in easy reach and lay on the hard ground next to Tav, wrapping them both in his heavy cloak.The whimpering ceased soon as Tav turned around and pressed his nose in the crook of Zevran’s neck. It seemed that Alistair was right for once; Zevran didn’t know what to do with this revelation.The hunter was calmer, though so the assassin held him still — the exhaustion started to come over him as well, and it was almost pleasant to lie there with a trusting body tucked against him; at least until he considered all the implications of this fact. Thankfully, he discovered he was too tired to care, so he allowed himself to enjoy it for a moment before he fell asleep. “What do you mean you didn’t want to wake me up?” Tavaris’ hiss wasn’t really loud, but it was loud enough to startle Zevran out of his nap. The young archer slipped his embrace and now was sitting next to him, with his hair absently playing with Zev’s hair all the while scolding someone. Zev opened one eye, finding — not surprisingly — that the object of Tavaris’ anger was Alistair again. He yawned, sitting up and stretching as if he was still bleary. He was not, he never was after waking up, but that was something they didn’t need to know.“What is the problem today, precioso?” He asked, rubbing his eyes in an exaggerated performance. “Do you not think that you had argued with our noble Templar long enough?”“I have my opinion about his nobility, Zevran.” Tav scoffed, turning back to him. “And he didn’t wake us up on time. If not for the fact that Morrigan wasn’t going to deal with that bullshit, he’d go into the fight without catching a wink of sleep.“Hey, I was going to go to sleep,” he protested. “I was going to sleep with Morrigan on watch.”“Well, you are now going to sleep with us on the watch.” Tav crossed his arms on his chest looking up at Alistair with deep frown. “And I don’t care that you have decided you don’t trust us. I won’t have you crippled by exhaustion while we investigate this temple.”The kid had some good points, Zevran had to admit, but he wasn’t going to regret the additional sleep Alistair’s stubbornness gave them. What he was going to regret, he decided after patting his pockets and finding only one strip of dried meat, was not packing more food when they left the horses.“I think the best solution here would be you going to sleep, Alistair, and us two keeping watch while you rest. And do not worry, my handsome friend, together we will have much better things to do than plot your demise.”“Yuck.” Alistair cringed and stood up to walk to the farthest end of their ball of warmth. “In this case I probably should sleep before I claw my eyes out.”Zevran nodded.“That probably would be the wisest course of action. We would not like to witness such a gruesome sight.”As soon as Alistair turned around, Tavaris looked at him with a panic in his eyes.“You can’t be meaning….” He whispered a little bit too loud, his eyes round as golden Tevene draco. “It’s really not…”Zevran let out a soundless sight, sigh gesturing at him to be silent.“He doesn’t need to know,” he mouthed, too quiet to be heard by the human. “But you wanted him to sleep, right? Now he’s going to, because otherwise he imagines he would see things he would rather not.”“But we wouldn’t…” Tav protested, though he got a hint and started whispering. “Why would he think that?”Zevran sighed inwardly. This pretty, pretty boy was difficult at the most absurd times“Does it really matter if he’s well rested when we move out?”Tavaris’ shoulders slumped.“Not really,” he admitted. “But I don’t like him thinking that.”“Why not, precioso?” Zevran asked. “That is nothing more than his fancy.”Tavaris bit his lip, avoiding looking at Zevran.“It’s indecent, lath.”Zevran raised a brow.“Oh, I believe Alistair’s daydreams might be very indecent. But how is this a problem of yours?”“We gave him these ideas, Zevran,” Tavaris grumbled, looking away. “He wouldn’t be imagining things if I hadn’t given you what I should have given my wife.”Ouch. That hurt. Besides…“I thought we were long past this foolishness, mi querido,” he chided gently, cupping Tav’s face with left hand and caressing his cheek. “Enjoying other men is perfectly fine, you don’t have to beat yourself over that.”For all his childish dreams and all the Dalish magic Zevran really wanted to set all the aravellas of the world on fire right now. No matter how much care Tavaris got in his community, in some ways they scarred him as deeply as the Crows scarred Zevran. And he was absolutely sure it wasn’t only about Tav. There had to be many fine men and women amongst the clans feeling like Tavaris did, and keeping their feelings inside where they died.There weren’t many unforgivable crimes in Zevran’s book, but that was one of them.Tav’s expression soured.“I think I got over ‘enjoying’ by now,” he said slowly, as if unsure if he could continue.“So, what is the problem, precioso?” Zevran asked, leaving a brief kiss on Tav’s lips.“I don’t think that the People will ever forgive me loving another man as I ought to love my wife.” Each of Tavaris’ words seemed to be very deliberate, as he moved away a bit to carefully watch Zevran’s face as he spoke. His huge eyes — the colour not really visible in the dark — were blown, but it was hard to tell if that was emotion or simply the lack of light. He was serious, though, very serious, as he watched out for each change of Zevran’s expression.“And where do you see the difference?”Tavaris’ eyes narrowed a bit.“I am not talking about fucking, Zevran. I am…” He sighed and sat down, leaning away from Zevran. “Doesn’t matter,” he huffed. “Why do I even bother.”It was unusual for Tavaris to be so crude — especially this way, so there had to be some purpose in that. Tav wouldn’t be speaking about love to him out of all people, would he?But, if he was… There was only one option here, even if it was pretty unbelievable. But, people did weird things and Zevran swore fealty to Tavaris, so probably he would be expected to help.“It is not a choice I would expect, but probably I shouldn’t be surprised,” he smirked, trying to force himself to not feel bad about this situation. “But, if it’s Alistair you desire, so be it. Should I just step to the side? Should I help you win his good graces? It shouldn’t be to hard, given that you two already bicker as an old married couple.”Tavaris blinked. Slowly. Once. Twice.“Alistair?” He asked slowly. “Why are you talking about me and Alistair, Zevran?”Something went wrong. He had misread something. He had to fix it, now — Tavaris was obviously unhappy and Zevran didn’t want to know what happened when Tavaris was unhappy with him.“I apologize if I misread, my Warden.” He said quickly, grabbing Tav’s hand and kissing his knuckles reverently. “I assumed you came to realization about one of our companions and Alistair was the only possible choice. Is that someone from your clan that you particularly miss then?”Tavaris’ nostrils flared. Still off the mark, then and he was running out of ideas. It was bad.“I would never say you could be so dumb, Zevran, but here we are,” he huffed out. “I love you. Not Alistair, not anyone I left behind. You.”It took Zevran a couple seconds before the words started to make any sense in his head.And then, they didn’t make any again.“But…” He stumbled on words, trying in vain to find the correct words. “You are…”Tavaris’ eyes opened even wider.“I am what, Zevran?”The assassin recovered from the shock somehow.“You are a Grey Warden; I am just your humble servant, mi senor. I don’t deserve your affection.”What’s more, he didn’t want it. It felt uncomfortable, irritating still fresh wounds he was left with after Rinna’s death. It also felt dishonest in the worst possible way to string the Warden along like that – he knew he could never return these feelings. Tavaris, for all his faults, was a good man who didn’t deserve to be used this way.Tav’s eyes darkened even more and now Zevran could be sure that it was from emotion, not from the lack of light.“Servant. Is that how you see us, lath?” Tavaris’ voice was tense. “Master and servant?”“Are we not? I did swear fealty to you.”Tavaris swallowed.“So… All these nights, you were just providing a service, is that correct?” His face fell into a stiff mask as if he was afraid to move a single muscle for purpose other than speaking.“A service I was perfectly happy to provide!” Zevran assured quickly. It has been a really delightful task to take care of Tavaris’ pleasure and one he would appoint himself time and time again.“Service.” The archer’s voice turned dull. “I am so sorry, Zevran.” He leaned away, and after a brief consideration stood up to sit under a wall, far out of Zevran’s reach. “I didn’t mean to cause you any discomfort. Please forget what I said.”Zevran would gladly, but Tav’s declaration was seared deep into his brain long after they stopped talking. That was a miscalculation he didn’t expect. They moved out a few hours of awkward silence later, cutting their way through the temple. It was hard, tedious work even though most of the fighters they encountered obviously had little experience in combat outside practice drills.The mages were worse, much more dangerous — bad enough that Zevran resorted to pulling on blood a couple times more during their exhausting ascend up the temple.Tavaris was careful and focused, but he didn’t seek Zevran’s company and didn’t react to any of his jokes and teasings. He was, again, the man he met at the beginning of their shared journey, but much, much colder. As they were catching their breath in one of the rooms local cultists used as lodgings, Alistair looked up at them over a wedge of cheese he had stolen from one of the cupboards.“What’s wrong with you two?” He asked, chewing loudly. “Yesterday you were having this murder couple thing and now this?” He gestured between the two of them. Tavaris was dutifully waxing the string of his bow, his arrows waiting to be checked. He was down to ten now, as far as Zevran could tell — they should check if the locals didn’t have any stock he could use.“We were never a couple, shem,” Tavaris answered in a frigid tone. Frigid mountains, frigid temple and now a frigid lover. Zevran was growing sick of it. “Not that it’s any of your business.”“Oh?” Morrigan raised one of her perfect brows. “One might have been mistaken, judging by all your supposedly-covert looks and incessant flirting.”Tavaris grumbled something, but it was so quiet that even Zevran with his elven hearing had trouble understanding. He couldn’t help, but think that what he heard was 'you weren’t the only one fooled'. In fact, he didn’t even need to hear that— just the single, heartbroken look that flickered briefly in Tavaris’ eyes made him feel guilty. What was his crime? He had no idea, but the proof of some kind of misdeed was clear to see. The tense break turned into tense exploring. Zevran took it upon himself to watch his Warden even more carefully than usual and it didn’t take him long to discover that he was losing arrows at a terrifying pace. By the time the tiled temple corridors turned into rough caves, he was down to eight.He was never this careless with his arrows.“Precioso, please be careful,” he asked, handling him an arrow torn from the body of one of the dragonlings that had swarmed them minutes ago. An arrow Tavaris would be missing, if he was allowed to. “Your aim is the most precious weapon of this group, my dear Warden and it would be a real pity if we lost the advantage it gives us due to the lost arrows. ““Looking after my quiver isn’t your responsibility, Zevran,” Tavaris snapped, tearing the arrow out of the assassin’s grasp and slamming it into the quiver. “And don’t call me…. Whatever you’ve called me. I don’t want to hear any of these names again.”The Crow frowned, but nodded.“Of course, my Warden. I did not want to cause any discomfort.”Tavaris turned on his heel with a huffed 'of course you didn’t' muttered under his breath. By the time they reached the last cavern, Tavaris really turned into grimness incarnate. Zevran had never seen him so sour, even if he had to admit that the Dalish was never the most cheerful person he knew. Alistair, however, seemed to recognize the mood.“Maker save us,” he whispered after one of the waspish answers to perfectly innocent questions. “It is going to be Ostagar all over again.”Zevran fell into step with him, dragging far behind the stormcloud that seemed to hang over Tavaris’ head.“What was that about Ostagar?” He asked quietly. “Do you expect another gruesome betrayal now?”Alistair shook his head.“Not really,” he admitted in a whisper much too loud for Zevran’s liking — Tav was still quite close after all. “But he?” He inclined his head towards the small elf. Zevran thanked the Maker for the small blessing of Alistair not using Tavaris’ name, which would certainly alert the Dalish man to their talk. “He was a menace. I seriously questioned Duncan’s decision to recruit him then. Especially after he beat up the quartermaster. And then half of the camp. And was insanely rude to the king.” He shrugged, his armour giving out a metallic sound. “Now that I think about it, the only person he seemed to tolerate there was the kennels’ master. He had spent lots of time with the mabari there.”“He does seem to have a weak spot for animals,” Zevran admitted. “It might include their caretakers as well, I believe.” He looked thoughtfully at Tav’s tense back. “It is surprising, I admit. When he first met he did not seem so easy to anger.”“We saw…” Alistair started and stopped abruptly, as behind the stalagmites a group of cultist appeared, looking as if they were waiting for them.These cultists wanted to talk. Their leader — Kolgrim, as he introduced himself — spun a fairytale of Andraste reborn whose children — dragonlings? — they have murdered on their way up.He offered a bargain, a chance to win the cultists trust — involving desecrating the Ashes up the mountain. Load of bullshit, but they all were tired. What was wrong with agreeing now and breaking their word later, if necessary, if that saved them from another unnecessary fight?Apparently Tavaris was of a different mind.“That’s all fine and well, but if I do what you want me to,” Alistair stiffened beside Zevran, “— will you give me an army? Powers and skills are useful, but what I really need is people who would stand against the Blight with me.”The man calling himself Kolgrim laughed.“Oh no! We’re all needed here to keep on with the sacred duty of protecting our Lady. You shouldn’t leave either if you shall join our ranks — but that’s something you’d have to feel for yourself.”Tavaris shrugged.“Then I am sorry, but no. Now, can you please step aside so we could move forward or shall we do it the hard way?” They had to do it the hard way. Zevran was actually quite amazed by the audacity of the handful of warriors who had met them in the cavern — daring to stand against them after the bloody swath they had cut through the temple? Maybe they expected them to be too tired to defend themselves.Or maybe he overestimated people’s survival instincts. Tavaris pulled on one of the arrows stuck in the bodies with such force it snapped in half. The hunter cursed in elvhen, kicking the corpse emphatically.“I hate this place, I hate these shemlen and I hate Andrastians,” he said, glaring at the deceased cultist.Zevran itched to correct him, but he felt his explanations wouldn’t be met with enthusiasm. Alistair didn’t have such hang-ups.“I am Andrastian. These people? They are heretics. Don’t put me together with the likes of them.”Tavaris shrugged.“All I heard from them was Andraste this, Andraste that. I don’t see a difference.”Zevran winced a bit, but didn’t comment, sensing that he was no longer in Tavaris’ good graces. He didn’t want to cause another argument, or to see that pained look on his face, so he just set to recovering any arrows he could find.When he returned with a handful — six of them, which made for seven left in total — not a good number, Tavaris was, of course in the middle of an argument with Alistair, which apparently escalated from Andraste to ‘stupid shem habits’ and Zevran didn’t even want to know what this was about.“It might be good idea we leave, no?” He said, offering Tavaris the gathered missiles. “We don’t know how far we’re supposed to go still and I believe I am not the only one itching to get down from this cursed mountain.”The young elf frowned seeing the arrows, but snatched them from Zevran’s arms again.“Don’t do that,” he said sharply. “You are not a servant.”“I am just worried about the state of your weapons, my dear Warden.” The assassin said with an easy smile, though his Warden’s tone stung. “A bow does not have much use when without an arrow.”“I can take care of it,” Tavaris answered with a frown. Zevran sighed inwardly — he could well see the pace at which Tav was losing his arrows and it didn’t escape his attention he did it much faster than usual and much more of them were snapped when he tried to pull them out from the bodies. It was as if he was losing all of his touch.“Of course, my Warden, I never doubt it,” he said, though, reaching out automatically to tuck a loose strand of golden hair behind Tav’s ear.The Warden recoiled as if slapped.“Don’t touch me, Zevran,” he almost growled out. That made even Morrigan, who so far seemed utterly bored, raise her brow.“Oh my, my. What happened here? Did you finally share some unpleasant disease with him, Zevran?”Zevran just pinched the bridge of his nose.“It doesn’t work that way, Morrigan,” he said, too tired and upset to even try to muster his usual playful mask. “Can we just go?”He couldn’t help but suspect that Mahariel kept them in the cavern even longer just to spite him, even if he called it a rest. Zevran didn’t feel rested at all when they finally moved out. 



The Gauntlet
Chapter Notes
I was thinking of keeping this chapter bit longer, but I thought 'why not now". So, happy Trans Day of Visibility and enjoy ;) (in a few days I should add a side story from Tav's perspective)



The high dragon atop the mountain was probably a bigger surprise than it should have been given the dragonlings they encountered in the caves and Kolgrim’s stories about Andraste descending in fire.“So this is this Andraste,” Morrigan observed flatly. “It never ceases to amaze me what kind of delusion such inbred, feeble minds can conjure.”“And here you have proof,” Alistair added, turning to Tavaris. “They weren’t Andrastian, they were, drake…draco… Don’t they worship dragons in Tevinter? They were Tevene, you see.”Tavaris just looked at him without expression and Morrigan gave a loud sigh, so Zevran interjected.“Oh, I hate to be the one who points out the obvious gaps in your education, Alistair, but they don’t worship dragons anymore. I believe at least since Andraste’s time.” The dragon moved slightly in its sleep. “But if I may,” he said lowering his voice. “I do not think we are in any shape to fight dragons, so if it isn’t too forward, I would suggest keeping quiet while we move past the beast.”Tavaris nodded pointing past the ridge and the ledge on which dragon slept. There was a stone facade with a big door build at the slope of the mountain.“I agree. Let’s not talk until we’re past that gate.” In Zevran’s book, talking was only a minor issue. Alistair’s heavy steps were what actually made his skin crawl when they walked past the ledge, thankfully the dragon was apparently hard to wake. Or maybe Zevran, used to moving like a ghost, was simply paranoid.Finally, after the most nerve-wrecking several minutes Zevran had lived through recently they  reached the stone door on the opposite side of the ridge.“I hope these don’t require any fancy pendant to open,” Tav whispered, pushing at the gate.It didn't – the door opened easily, but with a loud and echoing creak. The peacefully sleeping dragon raised her head, seeking the source of the noise. In a terrifying moment, Zevran saw one yellow eye open and focus on their little group. The snakelike neck unwound and the dragon turned to them.“Inside!” He heard Tavaris yelling from the side and before he knew he was in the small, stone room, hearing the flames harmlessly lick the stone on the other side of the quickly shut gate.“This was close,” Alistair huffed, wiping perspiration from his forehead. “Now, where are we?”“Deeper in the temple, I’d guess,” Zevran answered, turning to look around — and froze. There was a human man, in full armor, sitting at the bench next to the wall — and next set of door. Seeing that Zevran had noticed him, the human stood up.“I bid you welcome, pilgrims,” he said, stepping into the middle of the room. “You have come to honor Andraste and so you shall, if you prove yourselves worthy.”“We came here cutting through a legion of crazy dragon cultists,” Tavaris remarked. “I think there was enough proving on the way.”“That’s not for me to judge. If you want to reach the Urn you will go through the Gauntlet that will show whether you have the valor needed to stand in presence of Her Ashes.”Tavaris closed his eyes and sighed.“Great. Can we pass?”“Tavaris!” Alistair looked at him with clear shock. “You can’t talk this way to…” He paused, obviously unsure who the man was.“I am the Guardian. The protector of the Urn of the Sacred Ashes. It has been my duty, my life, to protect the urn and prepare the way for the faithful who come to revere Andraste.”“I haven’t come to revere anything,” Tavaris growled. “I just need to pass.”Great, Zevran thought, just what they needed after all that went through — angry Tavaris antagonizing who-knows-how-ancient Guardian of the temple they needed to enter to finish their mission.“I apologize, Guardian,” he interjected. “My friend here has had a tough day and he wasn’t raised to be an Andrastian. He did not mean any offense.”Tavaris was already opening his mouth, most probably to clarify that yes, he did mean all the offenses possible, but thankfully reconsidered and stayed silent.“It is alright, my child,” the Guardian turned to Tavaris with a kind smile. “You are full of anger, my son, but it is not a sin. Remember, that even though you revere old gods, Andraste found her most loyal followers among your people. The Maker always favored those in chains and those who fought to get free of them.”“Ah, so that’s where all the alienages and Circles of Magi came from? That’s why the Chantry always pushes against my people when we’re not on the run? So the Maker wouldn’t run out of those he favors?” Tavaris’ sneer was ugly and even though the Guardian seemed to take kindly to that, Zevran was worried what would happen if he pushed too hard.“Your words are justified, my son, but are you angry at the Chantry, the Maker or at yourself? There is a lot of suffering in your past — yours and suffering of others. Your father dying at the hands of humans; your mother leaving when you were a babe; your clan holding you to a standard you could never reach. And the most recent ones; Tamlen was one of your tribe — a blood brother. You left him in the ruins, left him to his fate. Tell me, pilgrim, did you fail Tamlen? And did you fail Sten who was looking to you for the guidance?”Tavaris stiffened as if he was slapped.“How do you know about that?” He demanded. “None of that should be of interest to any shem, no matter how ancient.”Nobody got so defensive if they didn’t feel guilty, Zevran noted quietly. The Guardian seemed to know it as well, as he nodded with a sad expression.“Thank you, child. That’s all I wanted to know.”Tavaris was still seething when the Guardian turned to Alistair.“And what about you, Alistair? You do not bear so much anger, but I can see a deep sadness in you. Knight and Warden… You wonder what would happen if you were with Duncan on the battlefield.  You could have shielded him from the killing blow. You wonder, don’t you, if you should have died instead of him?”“I… yes,” Alistair stuttered. “If Duncan had been saved, and not me, everything would be better. If I just had a chance, maybe…”“Is there any religion that doesn’t feed on the guilt like a glutton on his meal?” Morrigan scoffed. “No? I thought so.”“Morrigan,” the Guardian turned to her. Was he going to have his round with everyone here? Zevran stiffened at the very thought of the questions that might be asked. He valued his privacy — he didn’t appreciate the possibility of being stripped of it so brutally as the ancient entity did it. Morrigan’s answer was barked, curt, but Zevran didn’t really listen, until the Guardian turned to him.“And the Antivan elf…” He started. Zevran couldn’t help himself.“It’s my turn now? Hurrah, I am so excited.”Maybe he would leave him alone if he wouldn’t get anything but sarcasm.“Many have died by your hand. But is there one that you’d regret more than the woman by the name of…”Of course. Of course, that's what he had to ask about. For some reason, the possibility of hearing her name spoken loudly, in front of everybody felt blasphemous, so he deflected.“How do you know about it?”“I know much; this is allowed to me. But the question still stands. Do you regret..”“Yes,” he cut in. “The answer is yes, if that’s what you want to know. I do. Now move on.”The questioning, fortunately was over — the Guardian stepped to the side, opening for them an ancient door and letting them through.Zevran was still reeling from the shock of hearing about Rinna from a stranger — even if the stranger was an ageless entity and the mention was more of a suggestion. Still, he was way too close to revealing Zevran’s shame and he simply couldn’t bear the mere thought of having it exposed that way. He blamed these thoughts for his poor reflexes when a wraith erupted from the floor just a few steps from him and with one, sharp blow, sent him tumbling into a wall.The fight was short and brutal, with Alistair mercilessly pounding the wraith into the ground and Zevran having his blades covered in magebane — which, apparently worked well on all the creatures that were more of Fade than of the physical plane.As soon as the beast fell, Alistair cleared his throat, watching as the wraith turned to ashes, then disappeared as if blown by non-existant wind.“Uhm,” he started, his tone full of forced levity. “So, I guess, that wasn’t a correct answer.”Zevran finally took a look around the chamber, for the first time noticing spirits hovering in the niches in the wall.“What answer?” He asked, wondering how he managed to miss the conversation that must have occurred here — it wasn’t like him, really, to get so lost in thoughts to completely ignore his surroundings.On the other hand, he usually wasn’t grief stricken and prodded at by strangers. Though, given what happened with Alistair having free rein here, that wasn’t good enough of an excuse.“The wrong one, obviously,” answered Alistair — Tavaris, though, furrowed his brow instead of offering more explanations.“You should pay more attention, Zevran. This isn’t the time to space out.”He was right, of course, but it still stung.“Or maybe you shouldn’t allow Alistair answer any questions asked by odd ghostly figures?” Morrigan suggested, coming to Zevran's rescue rather unexpectedly. “This was bound to end up in a disaster.”Tavaris actually looked a bit embarrassed.“I thought that he might have more insight than any of us when it comes to riddles in an Andrastian temple. Evanuris can witness that I know nothing of shem beliefs.”Zevran cleared his throat.“They are not only shem beliefs, my Warden. I apologise for not paying attention before, but I will gladly share my knowledge if that would help.”Tavaris looked at him startled.“You? I have never thought… I am so sorry, Zevran, I didn’t know. You know, you don’t act exactly…. Chantry-ish.”Zevran furrowed his brow.“I have said, several times even, that I am an Andrastian”“I’m sorry. I thought you were joking around.”Zevran looked at Tavaris surprised — and a little bit offended, though that second feeling he pushed deep down to be ignored.“Why would I do that?” He asked. “I can imagine a slew of other things that are more amusing to jest about.”There was a sheepish look in Tav’s eyes when he answered.“I am sorry for assuming, Zevran. Would you help with the riddles, please?”He was here to serve Tavaris’ needs, whatever they might be.“Of course, my Warden.”A sad look flickered through Tav’s eyes, so brief that Zevran almost thought he imagined it and then the hunter inclined his head slightly.“Thank you,” he said then bent down to adjust the string of his bow. Zevran stifled a sigh and turned to the ghosts hovering around the room.The riddles were easy. Feeling Tavaris eyes on his back all the time — just for him to quickly turn away when Zevran looked at him — was much more difficult. Since his uncalled for confession, he was even grimmer and more intense — in a very wrong way — than before.He hesitated when he found himself before Shartan’s spirit — something in the set of his eyes, in his solemn expression, mirrored the boy behind his back. It was unpleasant to realize that similarity now that Tavaris didn’t really want to talk to him. He would gladly share that observation with him, were the circumstances different — but there was no telling how Tav would react to being compared to Andraste’s Champion; and he didn’t know himself how he felt about noticing the resemblance.“I'd neither a guest nor a trespasser be,” said the spirit. “In this place I belong, that belongs also to me.” Zevran shivered, Tav’s eyes on his back searing.Shartan wasn’t Dalish — there were no Dalish at that time. But he was much closer to the Dalish than to the contemporary city elves. And what were the Dalish all about…“Home,” he tried, feeling more tense than before.The ghost didn’t turn into a hungry wraith, instead looking at Zevran with deep sadness in his eyes.“It was my dream for the people to have a home of their own,” he said, “where we would have no masters but ourselves. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, and thus we followed Andraste, against the Imperium. But she was betrayed, and so were we.”At some point Tavaris came closer, the tips of his ears twitching nervously.“I didn’t know there were elves among the followers of Andraste,” he said quietly, watching the spectre flicker and disappear. “Because that means that he was one of them, right?”Zevran raised a brow and glanced at Tav.“I am surprised, really. The Chantry does its best to keep people from knowing — about elves and mages both — but I thought that the contents of the Discordant Verses were common knowledge among the Dalish.” He smiled. “You sound like a historian at times, after all, my dear Warden.”Tavaris shrugged, looking at his sock-clad toes.“I am a hunter, not a scholar. And I was never interested in Andraste. I preferred to listen to stories about Arlathan before the fall. Maybe I was wrong.”“I will be happy to tell you what I know later, if you want,” Zevran offered smoothly. “Maybe someone else will be interested as well.” While he would gladly chase away these deep shadows that appeared in Tavaris’ eyes during the last night, he didn’t really feel comfortable with being alone with him right now. That could easily turn into very private, very distressing talk and Zevran didn’t feel ready to deal with it.There was a brief flicker of interest in Tavaris’ eyes but apparently the Dalish boy came to similar conclusion. His face turned into a stone mask again as he answered.“Thank you for your offer, but I am afraid I have to pass. There’s not much time for storytelling as we travel.”That had to be the worst excuse ever — they had nothing but time when they rode through countryside or camped on the road — but Zevran accepted it gracefully.“Maybe some time when we are not so busy then,” he agreed, turning to the door he heard cracking open when he answered the last riddle. “Shall we see what awaits us there?” The next room — wasn’t really a room, just a looped, empty corridor with a closed door at the wall opposite to the entrance — was disappointing. The door was closed and Zevran wasn’t even sure what was the trial, until Alistair suddenly stopped talking to him when they surveyed the new area and suddenly started to float in air — unconscious, with his face upturned for some reason. And suddenly he found himself face to face with Rinna. She was dressed in her favourite leather corset and that silly, semi-transparent skirt with panels in all colours of the rainbow that had shown more than it hid. Zevran always loved that skirt; it framed her legs beautifully.She seemed relaxed, laying in a lazy, lounging pose, only propped up on her elbows — as he had seen her more than once on the roof of their house on Calle de Curtidor. She was like a big cat, always loved to laze in the sun; a trait which Zevran shared.What was slightly unsettling was that this time there was no roof under her and so she hovered in the air, semi-transparent herself, as she looked at him upside-down with amused grin which she wore so often in her life.“Hola companero!” She greeted him, stretching lazily. Zevran’s heart broke a bit. The next thing usually was her reaching out to him to pull him in a quick kiss — something she only did when there were two of them and lots of sun — but this time she refrained from that. It made sense. There was no sun in the mountain temple.“Hello beautiful,” he choked out, wondering if the visage was meant to taunt him cruelly; if she was going to suddenly turn on her knees, choking on her own blood as she clutched her slit throat, looking up at Zevran with a betrayed expression.“You think too much, love,” she chastised him. “I can see it in your face even now. And this is my thing, not yours. You would be the first one to tell me that it makes no sense to beat yourself up over things you cannot change. So why are you doing that?”“I… killed you, Rinna. I killed you over nothing and laughed in your face. I can’t stop beating myself over that.”“And I killed Tasha and Serrino and Zulvun. And I wouldn’t do that if I knew what I know now,” Zevran startled. He always wondered what happened to Zulvun. “You were duped, love and that’s a natural part of being a Crow, just like killing and the lies. But I can see you’re tearing free. You have found something precious here. Don’t let your guilt ruin that. Don’t let the Talons have this power over you.”Zevran shook his head, not sure what she was talking about — he thought about silk of Tav’s hair, but that was probably the only thing that came close to feeling luxurious in this cold, damp country.“I forgive you, Zevran. Forgive yourself and don’t let the Crows take that guy away from you.” She grinned. “I would want to tap that ass too. He’s cute.”Zevran looked at her in confusion, not really understanding what she talked about. He just opened his mouth to ask exactly that question, but her face already started to fade away into nothingness.“Rinna! Wait!” He protested, but she shook her head with a small smile.“Forgive yourself, Zevran,” she repeated, just before she disappeared for good. Zevran felt something light and silky in his hand. It was a handkerchief made of fabric resembling Rinna’s skirt. Even in the darkness of the temple it glimmered with color, soothing his nerves. He fell down to the ground gracelessly, apparently hoisted up just like Alistair was. Next to him the Templar was groaning quietly, few steps ahead Morrigan cursed sharply. Tavaris was standing up, the shadows under his eyes suddenly seeming even deeper than before. Poor kid looked as if he was going to break any second.“Let’s go,” he said flatly, already moving to the far door. Zevran scrambled to his feet, hurrying to join him. He was still shaken by the meeting with ghostly Rinna, but he was good at compartmentalizing. Prodding at that could wait until they were somewhere safe and warm. For now, there was a mark — well, a goal, not a mark, but the principle was the same. Zevran could wait. The Crow had a task.Tavaris stepped into a big, empty room, Zevran close on his heels. There was nothing — literally nothing in there except of everburning torches on the walls. The shadows cast by them were smoky black in the corners of the room.Alistair stepped inside, looking around — there was another door on the opposite wall. Tavaris moved to it, pushing at the surface. Morrigan followed Alistair, keeping a few steps away from Zevran. Tavris pushed the door once more. The door didn’t budge.The gate behind them slammed shut with a boom just as the shadows in the corners began to rise up and coil into different shapes. Suddenly, they faced four shadowy copies of themselves, readying their weapons to strike.The assassin wasted no time on thought. He jumped to the nearest shadow –Alistair – and dove under the raised shield to pierce the weak points of the armor, which the Crow knew well.Jab, dodge — he sensed for blood around to vanish in the shadow, but there was none. He rolled away in the very last second, the Templar’s shadowy blade hitting exactly where Zevran was just an eyeblink ago.Hopefully the magebane would start working its magic soon, the assassin thought, jumping again past the reach of the heavily armored shadow. It worked on the wraiths, there was no reason why it shouldn’t work here in this case.Or so Zevran hoped. Shadowy Alistair got his bearings and now he kept his guard up and his strikes precise. Zevran was tired. He wasn’t sure how long he would be able to stand his ground if the poison failed.He was looking for an opening, when shadow-Zevran suddenly reeled into shadow-Alistair, staggering after being hit by one of Morrigan’s spells. Shadow-Alistair stumbled and that was all the assassin needed, diving under his arm and brutally jamming his sword into shadow-Alistair’s armpit. The creature howled and bent in half. Shadow-Zevran broke with a loud clang, when another of Morrigan’s icy spells hit him. Two steps further he saw Tavaris, pinned in an corner by his own shadow-persona which for unexplained reasons was approaching him with daggers in his hands. Tavaris’ reached to his quiver and his hand came back empty. Zevran charged.There was a lot happening in the brief time before he started to run and the moment where he jammed his dagger into fake-Tavaris neck. A brief flash of light, then angry howl of surprise tearing from the real-Tavaris’ throat and as the shadow dissipated, the assassin was faced with the Warden lying on the stone in a puddle of blood.Behind Zevran’s back a magic missile hissed announcing the end of the fight.Getting down from the high of a fight Zevran rushed to Tavaris, deeply alarmed. The young man lay on the floor, his face white from pain, clutching high on his thigh. Below his hands Zevran could see the white of bones piercing the skin of his leggings in two, three places in blossoms of rapidly darkening blood. This was weird — when he saw him collapsing he didn’t pay attention, focused on the shadow Tavaris was fighting — his very own shadow. The creature mirrored Tav’s fighting style and the bow, albeit powerful, shouldn’t leave wounds like that.Not to mention that shattered leg, this high in the mountains could as well be a death sentence — very slow and unpleasant death, as he simply wouldn’t be able to walk down to warmth and shelter and there was no way to carry him down when they barely scrambled to walk on their own.He knelt next to the young elf, looking the wound over in worry and helping him to sit against a wall where he’d have a proper support at least.“Leave me, Zevran,” Tavaris rasped. “Go… help Alistair.”The self-righteous Templar was Zevran’s last worry at the moment, but he nodded, obediently turning around to look for him.It didn’t look good. Alistair lay bent in half, his hands closing desperately around his midriff, the blood flowing steadily between his fingers. A gut wound. A death even more sure than Tavaris’ broken leg and while faster than that, still awfully slow and terribly painful. He cursed loudly — in one shot they were down all their Wardens, all because of some old noble who apparently was in need of a miracle.Miracle — that was the only thing that could help them. “Morrigan, we need to hurry and bring the Ashes here,” he said with force, tying his last bandage around Alistair’s wound in a weak hope of giving him more time and dragging him closer to where Tavaris lay.As soon as the Wardens were settled, he rummaged through his poison pouches, offering Tavaris two vials filled with green liquid.“It is a magister’s will. One small sip will ease the pain; two for you, three for Alistair should bring sleep. Drink more than half of a vial, you won’t wake up, so be careful with that. We will be back as soon as possible with the Ashes for you.”Tavaris nodded, gratitude filling his eyes. “Ma’serannas,” he said, his voice pretty weak, as he put them on the ground next to him, fumbling with something under the collar of his armor. “But you should turn around, get Leliana and go straight to Orlais.” He pulled out a gryphon-shaped pendant with weird, dark red gem in the middle. He offered it to Zevran. “Take this, ride hard, find Wardens there, tell them what happened here; with the Blight, Callian, Loghain, Duncan… Tell them that we have failed and that Ferelden needs help, no matter if it wants it. I am ready to step on Falon’Din’s paths, but there are things that need to be done.”Zevran felt a deep sense of dread crawling through him at that.“I am not going to listen to your funeral speeches, my dear Warden. The Ashes are close somewhere; I cannot leave you here without trying at least.”“It’s too dangerous and the outcome isn’t guaranteed. It’s a risk I can’t agree to. We need you to pass the message.”Alistair gasped, his eyes turning bigger.“Let them go if they volunteer,” he said, his voice straining. “I… I would like to live… a week or two longer, if that’s… possible.”The poor attempt at joking made Tavaris furrow his brows first, but after a few heartbeats his expression softened.“It’s not like I can stop you right now,” he said, resigned. “I think it’s a waste of time, but as long as you remember that the vital thing is to ensure that there are Wardens in Ferelden, it has to suffice.”It felt weirdly as if Tavaris’ death wish, an affliction he seemed to be mostly cured of by now, returned with new force.“I will make sure of that,” he promised, kneeling by Tavaris side. “But my oath was to you and I consider it my duty to make sure you walk down from this mountain.”Tavaris grimaced painfully; the assassin wasn’t sure if that was the pain in the broken leg or something else.“You are free of your oath, Zevran,” he said. “If that’s what drives you, please… just go.”Zev stood up, feeling as if he was slapped in the face. Here he was, trying to make amends with the world, with Tavaris, with Rinna, to be for once in his life trustworthy and loyal; to help instead of destroying, just for once. And the response… He had trouble with sorting out his feelings; what he knew was that the answer upset him deeply.“I will go. And I will return with the Ashes.” He said. Despite sincere effort he didn’t manage to keep his voice from getting clipped. He glanced at Morrigan. “Do you wish to join me?”The witch sighed. “If you go alone, I will lose three, not two of the few people I don’t despise. Though I believe that Tavaris is right and this is a ridiculous waste of time.” “I need him.” Zevran cut her off curtly. “So I am willing to do whatever it takes to get him back on his feet.”“I am… touched how… much you two…. care about me,” Alistair interjected sourly. “You know… I am the… one with my guts… spilling out.”“I said I don’t despise you, didn’t I?” Morrigan shot back. “Besides, you talk a bit too much for someone who’s dying.”Alistair coughed, his lips stained with blood.“I am touched…” He rasped out. “Truly.”Tavaris glanced nervously at him then at Zevran.“If you don’t want us to drink that poison now, better hurry. He doesn’t have much time left.”The assassin just nodded and turned to the next door — he didn’t know what else he could say. Morrigan followed. “Observing this back and forth between you and the Warden is amusing, but wouldn’t you want to give him a warmer goodbye, Zevran?” She asked once they were out of earshot. “I believe ‘tis important for most people to part on good terms when their loved ones are dying.”Zevran gave her a heavy look.“I do not have any loved ones, Morrigan. I am a Crow.”“That’s another amusing thing about that.”“Besides, he is not going to die. I am going to find the Ashes and I will bring them to him and we will have both Wardens fixed in no time.”“So you are so convinced they are real?” She looked at him with some kind of detached curiosity. “I have seen plenty of magic in my life, but this has all the marks of an idle fable, Zevran. Chances are we won’t find anything. Or just an urn full of worthless dust. I wouldn’t expect Mahariel to come down from this mountain.”Zevran squared his shoulders, pushing at the door at the end of the corridor they walked through.“I choose to believe he will walk out of here on his own legs,” he said, before stepping into the next chamber.“I wouldn’t expect such foolish choices from you,” Morrigan countered, entering the room after him.Zevran stopped at the edge of impossibly deep pit that cut off the connection to the door on the other side. He frowned.“These look like pressure plates,” he noticed, pointing at the tiles bordering the pit. “The question is: do we want to step on those.”As an answer, Morrigan summoned a huge block of ice and dropped it on one of the tiles. A ghostly outline of a platform flickered in the middle of the pit.“Here’s your answer.”Zevran sighed, rubbing his eyes.“While I admire the ingenuity of the solution, next time I would suggest leaving the room before activating unknown devices in ancient ruins. I am not overly eager to die this way.”“Well, we didn’t die now.” She summoned another ice block on the next tile, causing the middle platfom disappear and two others to pop out from thin air. “Hm… this is going to take a while.”Zevran sat down under a wall, pulling out his last strip of dried meat from his pocket and tried to calm down his strained nerves while the witch worked on the riddle. It was urgent. They had to reach the Ashes as soon as possible and there was no telling how many tasks were still before them. Yet, there was nothing to be gained from pestering Morrigan, so he tried to keep quiet, despite the numerous dirty jokes that came to his mind while she worked.It took an unbelievably long time before the bridge flashed into reality — though he knew he wouldn’t do it faster, especially without Morrigan’s ability to cast ice blocks she could freeze and unfreeze when needed.“You were in a hurry,” she remarked turning to him once the bridge clicked in place — unnecessarily, since he was already springing to his feet, eager to move forward.“I might have been, but there was a truly divine view from the spot where I waited for you to finish. Even that skirt can’t hide your beauty.”She clicked her tongue, annoyance creeping into her tone.“Save that for the Warden.”“If only I could!” Zevran sighed, suddenly not in the mood to tease further. “I do not think he will be interested in my company anymore.”“Oh?” Morrigan raised one brow, stepping on the magical bridge. “Why is that?” “I might have offended him unwittingly — and badly enough that he turned distant.”“Is that why he’s so eager to die? Well, that couldn’t be the first time that big mouth put you in trouble. You should be able to weasel your way out of it.”“Your confidence in me is touching.” Zevran looked at the magic bridge — it looked solid but he couldn’t forget how it flickered in and out of existence mere minutes ago. Finally, for the lack of a better idea, he stepped on it, moving quickly towards the opposite edge.“’Tis not confidence,” Morrigan retorted. “That man is so badly infatuated with you that he simply can’t be angry at you. If he lives, he’ll be back in your bed in an instant.”Zevran sighed deeply.“I know that now. About the infatuation, at least. I am not sure, however, if getting him back would be so easy. Or if I am ready to bear his commitment.” He pushed at the next door, forcing them open with a loud creak. “Come, I would like to leave this dreadful place at least.”“Oh, so you are the one who is not committed,” Morrigan said, a ghost of a chuckle in her voice. “It must be the reason why you are insisting on chasing a foolish legend just to keep him alive.”“We need the Wardens now,” Zevran answered, a little bit more curtly than he intended. “I might be rotten to the core, but I am not so evil to allow the Blight spread unchecked. As far as I know, the Darkspawn do not fancy quality wines and cheerful debauchery and that is something I am very keen on.”“Ah, that is surely a sufficient explanation of you undertaking an impossible, holy quest. All in the name of cheerful debauchery.”Zevran leered at her, hoping to annoy her into finishing the disturbing discussion.“Oh, you have come to know me so well, o fair Morrigan!”The witch scoffed.“Ah, so we came uncomfortably close to the truth here, so it seems. You always turn disgusting in such situations.”Zevran chuckled.“But there’s nothing uncomfortable or secretive in my love for debauchery. This is the ignoble pursuit I dedicated my whole life to and I am not even decent enough to be properly ashamed.” Morrigan pushed past him with another scoff and Zevran followed, composing in his head some playful comment about cruelty of her showing him her backside like that, when his eyes fell on the wall of fire and then, past it, on a pedestal where stood a simple urn.Indecent comments forgotten he inhaled loudly.“It is real, after all.”There stood life for his Warden and for Alistair, and even for some uptight noble from the Hinterlands, the hope of Ferelden against the Blight — and Zevran’s hope of prevailing against the Crows.Morrigan grimaced.“It might be empty for all we know,” she answered. “Or filled with completely worthless dust whose most magical trait is making you sneeze. Your excitement is premature.”Her voice was wavering, though, and Zevran knew she could feel the tingling of magic coming off the Urn — and the whole room — even better than he did.There was still a matter of the wall of fire.A smaller pedestal with something engraved on it stood in the front of the flames, so unassuming that the assassin noticed it only now.“Cast off the trappings of wordly life and clad yourself in a goodness of spirit. King and slave, lord and beggar; be born anew in the Maker’s sight,” it read. Morrigan joined him and read the inscription furrowing her thin brows.“And what is that supposed to mean?” She asked, her tone still lofty, but Zevran could hear an undercurrent of uneasiness, as if the very fact that she couldn’t solve the riddle at a glance upset her.“That is a perfectly good question, my fair Morrigan,” he answered, running his eyes along the letters. “I believe, though, it might want us to disrobe to cross the fire.”He cast a glance at the high, roaring fire and swallowed. “At least that would be in line with the wording of some of the Chantry teachings I remember from my childhood.”“That’s ridiculous!” The witch huffed, casting a fleeting glance of her own at the tall flames. “When faced with something like that you should get more protection, preferably wet, not less.”Zevran approached the fire, reaching out to the flames gingerly. He pulled his hand immediately. The flame was hot.There was no chance to cross it as it was. He felt with a great certainty that if he entered the flames right now they would char him to bone in the brief time it would take to reach the other side. That was not an option.But, ‘be born anew in the Maker’s sight’? The craving made it sound like whoever dared to cross died anyway. On the other hand, the Urn was the only chance for Tavaris; and without Tav his own life was forfeit as well.And the Guardian told them that only the faithful can reach the Ashes. Zevran decided to be faithful once in his life. He started to undo the straps holding his bracers in place. Maybe, if he wouldn’t make it, his sacrifice would open the way for Morrigan to get the Ashes and bring them back to his Warden. He swallowed. The boy had been so hell bent on dying there and now; he was way too young to feel that way. He didn’t feel that way anymore, despite being much older and Rinna’s eyes haunting his dreams every night. The gloves went off and Zevran reached for the buckles of his breastplate. “Have you gone completely mad, Zevran?” Morrigan interrupted his thoughts, finally realising what he was planning. “’Tis a suicide; I thought you were past it.”  Zevran raised a brow. While he shared quite a lot with her during their evenings together, that was one of the things he kept to himself. He had to be careless with her if she had guessed.“Maybe it is,” he agreed smoothly, not showing his surprise. “But I do not have any better ideas, and this is supposed to be a test of faith, no?” The breastplate joined his gloves and belt on the floor. “So here I am, being faithful.” He worked on his clothes quickly, hoping to walk into the fire before the rest his body caught up with the paralyzing fear that almost choked him. It would be ridiculous to undress now and stop before entering the fire. Not that he had anything against being naked — he was ridiculously handsome, after all — but even here the mountain temple was chilly.Armor skirt, shin guards, boots. He was down to shirt, pants and underwear, so he pulled the shirt over his head, trying to forget how hot it was.At least, if he was wrong, it was going to be over very, very quickly. This was not a fire that would burn you for a long while, it was a fire that would go through you as if you were a thin sheet of dry paper.Morrigan, thankfully, fell quiet — he wasn’t sure what would he do if he had to keep convincing her as well as himself. He dropped his smallclothes on the pile and offered a brief, silent prayer to the Maker — he needed His help now more than any time before.And then he stepped into the fire. His body instinctively recoiled — the flames looked dangerous and unyielding — but he forced himself to take a step forward and then next. And then he was in the middle of the wall… and much to his surprise, the flames licked his skin harmlessly, leaving only a warm feeling, not much different to rays of Antivan sun on his body. And then he was out, on the other side of the flames.He opened his eyes — which he didn’t even know he closed and looked around; the urn was much closer now, just a couple of steps up to the pedestal. And in it, hopefully, he will find the Ashes. He turned around.“O fairest of fair, I think I might need a pouch. There should be one empty on my belt. Would you toss it to me?”Collecting the Ashes felt oddly anticlimatic. They filled the Urn to about halfway – grey nondescriptive dust fell through his fingers as he cupped his hand to shovel them into the pouch.How much of the Sacred Ashes did he need? How potent were they?He needed to gather enough to help the Wardens to get down from the mountains; to wake the sleeping arl who this whole excursion was for in the first place. Did you need a pinch for a person or maybe a whole handful? Would they even work at all?If not, Zevran decided, nobody will care about a pouch of dust. On the other hand if they worked and they left and learned that you didn’t need much; they were fighting Blight. It was a holy quest, he guessed, or at least very close to one.He stuffed the pouch full. The way back was much quicker and easier, even though Zevran still felt a slight anxiety — what if the Ashes didn’t work? By now he was sure that as soon as his Warden would be gone the Crows would start their hunt with a vengeance. He wasn’t ready for that; he wasn’t sure if he ever would be.He also wasn’t ready for the view that greeted him in the chamber where they left the Wardens. Both men were sweaty and pale – though, admittedly Alistair looked much worse — but that was to be expected. What wasn’t expected at all was the sight of the human Warden sleeping with his head on Tavaris’ lap, while the elf carded his fingers through his hair, humming some soft song.As they entered, Tav raised his head sluggishly, eyes wide blown with magister’s will. Zevran didn’t like the way he moved; it was like he drank too much and was teetering now on the thin line between life and death.“Oh. So I am dead already,” he said, his words slurred by the poison, confirming Zevran’s suspicions. “But when did you get out? The People all believe that you all are caged still.”Zevran blinked, trying to make any sense out of the Warden’s rambling.“What are you talking about my Warden? You are alive and, hopefully, you will soon be well.”“I am thankful that you picked his face to wear, Falon’Din, but isn't this cruel? I will go anyway — you don’t have to pretend I am alive to guide me away.”Zevran sighed, kneeling next to Tavaris and brushing loose strand of hair from his face.“I am not one of your gods, my dear Warden. The Ashes are here,” he pulled out the pouch and frowned, turning to Morrigan. “Do you know how to use them?”The witch shrugged.“How would I know? It’s your dead prophet, not mine.”For lack of a better idea, Zevran took a pinch of the Ashes and  sprinkled them over the shattered leg. Soft glow enveloped the leg and Tavaris gasped loudly, watching his body knit itself before his eyes. Zevran, for some reason, felt like crying.“Alistair,” Tavaris said, his voice still hoarse, his fingers flexing over human’s short hair. The mist of magister’s will slowly lifted from his eyes. Zevran obliged, spreading a pinch, two, three, over the Warden’s wound. It started to heal, but much slower than Tavaris’ leg — before the wound closed they were out of the half of the pouch.“I guess we won’t be switching from elfroot potions to magic corpse-dust anytime soon,” Tavaris drawled, watching Alistair’s wound knit itself together. “Pity, we could use that.”“You know, we can keep it,” Morrigan observed. “The question is, what do you need more? The magic cure or the arl?”Tavaris sighed.“I have no use for the arl,  but I need his soldiers. I am afraid that we need to keep the rest for him.”“A waste, really, but I guess it cannot be helped.”Zevran didn’t partake in the conversation, watching Alistair slowly waking up. This whole quest… It was disturbing, in all the worst ways.“Why do we not get down from this mountain, no? I could use some sun on my face.” 



Return to Redcliffe
Chapter Notes
It's been a while, but there's a new chapter ready! Big thanks to october-rosehip for editing my mess :) And if anyone's interested, I have published a side story about what happened between Alistair and Tav during the events of the previous chapter.  You can check it out here: Magister's will.I hope you enjoy!



They had to double back for brother Genetivi, who insisted to stay and explore the temple, until he gave up under Tavaris’ threats — Zevran didn’t understand why the Dalish man bothered to save the cleric from his own stupidity, considered how badly he was annoyed by him. Then, they managed to find a side road from the temple; hidden from the village and the sight of the cultists. Leliana was waiting with the dog and the horses in a small camp in a reasonable distance from the temple, visibly anxious. The road down from the mountains was a relief. Or it would be if not for the mixed signals he got from Tavaris. The Warden was clearly avoiding him — keeping as much distance between them as possible within their small group — but not without sending him heartbroken, longing looks as if he wasn’t the one who decided cut things off between them. Zevran tried to approach him several times, but Tav ran away as soon as the talk turned to anything more personal than their mission and the camp necessities. Still, despite the distance he tried to enforce, the hunter seemed to take care of him in the most ridiculous ways.He would bring him food personally, very clearly paying attention to give him all the best cuts from the meal; then he would escape his presence under some weak excuse. Zevran would find an additional blanket he didn’t remember packing in his luggage; a bouquet of deathroot ready to be ground into a poison on his saddle; his tent pitched up and ready when he came back from gathering wood for the fire. Yet, Tavaris wouldn’t talk to him — wouldn’t talk much to anyone, in truth — and with each passing day looked more and more despondent.He didn’t argue much with Alistair either and Zevran couldn’t decide whether it was a good or bad sign. Maybe they made up when they were waiting for him and Morrigan to return with the Ashes; or maybe Tavaris was simply too depressed to have any fight left in him.Leliana seemed kinder to him — Zevran was under the impression that Alistair had told her what occurred in the temple; maybe the fact that he had his wounds and fears so exposed touched some gentle spot in her, as he saw her several times sitting with him and talking to him softly; usually she was doing it with a bowl in her hands, as the young elf barely ate now — quite an unexpected turn of events, considering the Warden appetites.And there was the matter of poison Tavaris drank in the temple. Seeing him so grim, so defeated all the time, made Zevran wonder whether he was trying to kill himself simply because he didn’t expect them to come back and wanted to avoid starving to death; or if there was another reason why he might have felt suicidal.Morrigan wasn’t of much help. “He is your lover, is he not? Why would I care about his moods and long faces. ‘Tis your task,” she told him.“I am not sure anymore — he doesn’t seem to want to have anything to do with me anymore,” he answered, warming himself by her fire. The day was rather rainy and the sky threatened snow. “And I think he might have tried to kill himself in the temple.”“So would I, were I in his place. Faced with almost certain starvation with a fancy fable as his only hope? I would be drinking that poison as soon as you left my sight.” She turned a page of her grimoire. “I am still amazed that he waited long enough that you managed to save him from this fate.”“I am worried it might be my fault,” he admitted. “He told me he loved me — and I just told him that love is not for Crows. Maybe that’s what almost cost us a Warden.”The witch shrugged.“I don’t believe he’s so weak as to not be able to recover from such a blow,” she said. “And may it be a valuable lesson for him. Love is a foolish illusion a smart man shouldn’t fall for.”“With this I wholeheartedly agree,” Zevran picked up his bowl and started to push its contents uselessly around. “And that is what I told him. He is still young though, I cannot say how ready he is to accept that. And we need it — the world would be in great peril if the only Warden left to stop the Blight was Alistair.” “I don’t think you should worry about that. Our Warden has a deep sense of duty; I don’t imagine he is going to throw away his responsibilities so easily.” That did leave some hope, even though Zevran still felt guilty for the lack of smile on Tavaris’ face. But that was something that could be fixed. Death was not.“You are welcome. Now, would you stop boring me to death with your pining?”“I am not pining! I have a good reason to be worried about our brave Warden and I honestly believe that it would not do any good to anyone if he was gone leaving the Blight unchecked.”“There are Wardens in Orlais,” she noted. “Ferelden might be razed to ground, but there’s a very good chance the Darkspawn will be stopped before they reach your precious Antiva.”“That is a relief,” Zevran admitted. “But I cannot return home anytime soon, so I would enjoy very much if other places in the world were still habitable.”“There is a whole host of countries between Orlais and Antiva. But enough about that — I am rather curious about another thing.”“And what is that, my fair bruja?” He finally decided to start eating. The stew made by Leliana was bland, but at least wasn’t burned like Alistair’s would be.Not that he would do much better, considering there were barely any seasonings among their luggage.“You have shown some curious skills up there. I admit they have piqued my interest.” Zevran stiffened.“If that is not much to ask, I would prefer them to remain a secret,” he said smoothly, fighting to keep hostility out his voice. “It’s a rather private and sensitive matter.”“Oh, in this Chantry-driven land?” Morrigan laughed. “I do not doubt it. I am very curious, though — do all the young Crows undergo blood magic rites?”“What makes you think I was young?” He asked, stirring his stew.“Do you take me for daft, Zevran? — you don’t achieve such an easy mastery of skills that aren’t innate to you in a month or two. You must have had lots of practice to draw at blood with your heartbeat and even more to channel that energy so smoothly.”Her reasoning was sound, he had to admit, and it was a relief to speak about anything else than gnawing worry in his stomach — even if that ‘anything else’, touched his darkest secrets.“It is only for those who are deemed worthy,” he answered her previous question. “It is considered a big honor to be chosen; and I admit, these talents do come in handy.”“Making a person without a strong connection to the Beyond able to use blood magic,” she hummed. “Even if in a very limited way. ‘tis a truly fascinating achievement. I have no hope you have any knowledge on how your organization achieves that feat?”Zevran chuckled.“All I know is that it involves a whole lot of pain and sacrifices. Unfortunately, I am not well versed enough in the arcane arts to tell you more.”Morrigan smiled — a stiff, tight lipped smile, but smiled nevertheless.“I imagine ‘tis true enough,” she agreed easily. “‘Tis a pity, I would gladly study the process.”“I don't doubt it.” Zevran nodded. “But that brings me to a much more pressing question: what do I need to do to make sure you will keep it to yourself? I am a very private man and wouldn’t enjoy anyone getting too interested in my talents.”Morrigan smile got a new edge.“Let’s say that you would owe me a favor,” she said. “Though, did you consider telling Tavaris? I believe he could use this knowledge.”Zevran stiffened.“No. And please, do not tell him. He hates me enough without knowing what I am. I don’t want him to look at me and see an abomination.”“And that it your concern?” Morrigan raised her brow. “I highly doubt he hates you — and I doubt even more if he’d consider you less because of that. He is not a sheep raised in a Chantry, Zevran. He can deal with the reality.”“That’s a high praise, coming from you,” the assassin noticed.“He is not the worst.” As if on the clue, from the main fire came a loud Dalish curse and a dull thud of something heavy being tossed to the ground.“For the last time, my vallaslin isn’t a curiosity for you to study and Evanuris aren’t ‘facets’ of your bloody Maker!” Another thud. “Don’t make me regret even more that I kept you alive, shem.”“This cleric is a fearless man,” Zevran observed lightly.“Or a brainless one.” Morrigan scoffed. “I really don’t understand why Tavaris decided to bring him with us. If that was me, I would let the moron rot in that temple, just as he wished.”“Well, he is a scholar. That would suggest that he isn’t entirely clueless.” Another loud bang followed — Zevran had no idea what Tavaris was throwing, but he certainly did it with passion. The cleric answered something quietly, then Alistair interrupted, his tone placating.“Fen’Harels hairy balls!” Zevran raised one brow, listening. “Dissecting my culture and beliefs to fit them to Andrastian standards isn’t what I would call ‘respectful’, no!”“Or maybe I am wrong,” he amended. With Tav so furious, Zevran would back off long time ago, no matter if he believed the hunter to be right or wrong. There simply were some battles that weren’t worth fighting. Tavaris stormed out of the main part of the camp towards Morrigan’s fire — his face red, his ears flattened against his skull in a manner resembling a furious cat. He saw Zevran, though and immediately backpedaled, turning right and disappearing in the forest, mabari in tow.“So, he does not hate me, no?”“Well, these little gifts he leaves you aren’t something you’d do for someone you hate, are they?” Morrigan noted. “But you’d have to talk to him about that, not me.”“How?” Zevran huffed, gesturing to the bushes behind which the young man disappeared.Morrigan smirked.“You, tracking him in the forest? ‘Tis probably not the best idea, indeed.” Two days later they finally reached the Hinterlands proper. There was still another day or two to Redcliffe, it was much warmer — unfortunately, also considerably wetter. From the very moment when they crossed the line of snow the rain poured on them without a single break. Zevran cursed the fereldan weather, the time of the year and the Maker himself with passion when Tavaris returned from where he was scouting ahead, his long, wet braid clinging pathetically to his wet cloak.“It seems that we have reached first settlements,” he said, wincing. “There’s an inn there, but one of you has to make the payment. The innkeeper seemed to be convinced that I stole the money. Or killed someone ‘decent’ to get it.”There wasn’t even trace of his usual anger at that — the weather, the happenings from Haven, and whatever bugged him lately seemed to sap all energy out of him.“To be fair, there was a fair share of killing involved,” Zevran risked a joke, smiling widely at Tavaris as if he wasn’t wet and miserable himself. “Though it might be disputed, whether the previous owners of these coins were ‘decent’.”Tavaris didn’t smile, didn’t grimace at the bad joke — he just shrugged.“Whatever. I believe that if the coin will be brought by someone with shorter ears nobody will wonder about the source.” These were two main moods Tavaris cycled between: complete apathy or fits of unrestricted rage. It was a wonder that he didn’t beat up anyone yet — thought it might have been a matter of time.They turned the horses to the tiny path Tavaris had found that led to the hamlet he mentioned. Zevran couldn’t even find in himself any enthusiasm for getting dry at least — these moods seemed to be contagious.The village was exactly what one would expect — several cottages, a small andrastian shrine next to the communal well,  one slightly bigger house that seemed to double for the inn and the local store.They tied the horses to the poles before the entrance and went in, leaving puddles on the floor — it required some cleaning already anyway.The owner — a short, squat man in his forties — looked them over, then his eyes fell on Zevran and then on Tavaris.“You again!” He barked. “I thought I told ya to get lost already. I’m not going to host a savage here.”Tavaris inhaled slowly.“I’ve been nice so far, shem. Are you sure you want me to stop? All we want is dinner, some warmth and a place to sleep. We can pay, or we can take it — your choice.”“You can’t….!” The innkeeper protested. Leliana shuffled beside Zevran, obviously uncomfortable.“Let me repeat,” the Dalish elf repeated, his tone icy as one of Morrigan’s spells. “We can pay in gold or we can pay in steel. Choose wisely.” His mabari bared the teeth at the innkeeper as Tavaris spoke.To Zevran’s left Alistair winced slightly.“I would not think long about that, my friend,” Zevran suggested in a sympathetic tone. “My friend here is already in a sour mood and believe it, you don’t want to make his day even worse. All we want is to rest a bit and fill our bellies, nothing excessive.”The human deflated  a bit, taking in their haggard appearances, the murderous look on Tav’s face, Zevran’s easy smile — and most importantly, their weaponry.“That one looks like an apostate to me.” He pointed at Morrigan in one last effort. “I won’t harbor a criminal.”“Me?” Morrigan raised one of her perfect brows. “You must be mistaken. I’m just a traveling herbalist; nothing magical about me.”The human narrowed his eyes at her.“This looks awfully like a mage staff to me,” he said, pointing at her branched staff. She followed his sight and shrugged.“You must be mistaken, good sir,” her delivery was flat as she looked him deep in the eye. “I just hurt my ankle during the walk and my friends fashioned a walking stick for me, so I wouldn’t lag behind.”“See? Everything in order,” Tavaris interjected. He had shown a little bit too much teeth as he spoke. “Now what it is? Gold or steel?”The innkeeper finally decided that he wasn’t going to win that one, and his shoulders slumped.“Fine, fine. Stay. I will bring stew and beer shortly. As for the sleeping accommodations I have only three rooms.”“That’s good enough,” Tavaris agreed. “We will also need stabling and food for our horses, I hope that can be arranged.” His flat stare challenged the human to question Morrigan’s story about hurt ankle. The man seemed smart enough to not say anything, though his eyes flickered over her staff once again.“That can be arranged,” he just said.“I’m glad to hear that. What’s your price?”The number the innkeeper gave was way too high for that place, but Tavaris didn’t argue any further — Zevran wasn’t sure if he didn’t care or didn’t know how much should it cost — taking several coins out of his purse and laying them flat on the table that doubled as a counter here.“I hope the services will be supreme,” he smiled at the innkeeper, all teeth and no warmth.The human tossed three keys on the counter, gestured at the staircase in the corner of the room, then disappeared behind the doors leading to kitchen and they moved to sit around the fireplace.“Someone should check on him,” Zevran noted, gesturing to the kitchen door. “After that introduction I would fully expect spit in our stew.” Tavaris grimaced and started to stand up. Over by the fire, Thushel raised his head from his paws with an almost-human frown. Apparently, he didn't want to move from his warm spot as much as he didn't want his owner to go alone.“I will go,” Leliana offered. “This man has probably had enough of angry elves by now.”Genitivi, who so far was completely quiet and almost flattened himself against the wall, looked up at Tavaris with a appalled look in his eyes.“Would it be necessary if not for these threats?” He asked. “That was completely barbaric!”Tavaris already bared his teeth — how did he expect people to not take him as a savage if he made that expression so often — ready to answer, so Zevran interrupted, before the matters escalated again.“To be completely fair,  he pretty much deserved it. This is not a way to talk to a customer.”“Yes, probably,” Leliana agreed, apparently as intent as Zevran to avoid another argument. “He wasn’t very friendly since the beginning. But probably it could be handled differently…”Tavaris scoffed loudly, stretching his hands to the fire.“He should be happy he got paid. That’s better than he deserved. Don’t hold your breath if you expect me to play nice with racists and bigots.”It was hard to argue with that logic, especially because it still brought them a roof over their heads in this downpour.“Well, I am going to look after our stew,” she said with a tight lipped smile. “Hopefully it isn’t poisoned by now.”Zevran grinned. “Don’t worry, I have antidotes for most of the most common poisons in Ferelden, my fair bard. He shouldn’t be able to surprise us.”“He wouldn’t do that, would he?” Alistair asked, uncertain. “He seemed like a normal guy, even if misguided.”Tavaris bared his teeth again.“And you wonder why I despise shemlen if that’s a normal guy.”Alistair paused, thinking for a moment.“Point taken. But you know, not all humans are like that.”Zevran cleared his throat, drawing everyone’s attention before Tavaris exploded.“Word of advice, Alistair. Don’t make it about you. It isn’t about you or these humans who ‘aren’t like that.’ Don’t make that mistake.”“But…” Alistair started. Tavaris stood up, frowning.“I’ve heard enough; I’m going to sleep now.”Zevran raised a brow.“And what about the dinner, my Warden?”Tav just shrugged, pulling his wet braid away from where it stuck to his armor.“I don’t care too much for shem spit anyway, so I’ll pass.”The assassin frowned, watching the Dalish man disappear on the stairs. Thushel, who was comfortably stretched by the fire, missed him leaving at first, but hurried after him a few seconds later.“Aren’t you, Wardens, pretty ravenous most of the time, Alistair?” He asked the other Warden with a detached curiosity. Alistair furrowed his brow as well.“’Most of the time’ feels to be exaggerated a bit, doesn’t it? But yes, we need more food. Duncan said…” He paused in the middle of sentence, as if realizing something. “Well, nevermind. I probably should tell Tavaris directly.” When Leliana came back with the innkeeper, carrying the bowls of stew — the innkeeper's expression relaxed as he saw that Tav wasn't in the room — Zevran jumped to his feet, grabbing two bowls and spoons. Tav was alone up there and it was a perfect opportunity to finally talk to him — and while he still felt uncomfortable with the situation, all this brooding took way too long. The food was a convenient excuse. Unsurprisingly, he found Tavaris in the last room — though the door was locked from the inside and Zevran had both of his hands occupied.“Go away, Zevran, I am not hungry,” came Tav’s muffled voice when he knocked and announced food. Zev pursed his lips.“That is not the best lie ever, is it? I know how you eat, carissimo, and Alistair told me it’s a Warden thing and he deemed it important enough that he plans to talk with you about it.”“Don’t call me that, Zevran. I don’t need your lies.”Zevran paused, trying to reconcile his own words and Tavaris reaction. After a moment he gave up. He leaned against the door.“I have dinner for you. And if you don’t want it, you still look very tired recently — all this constant riding and fighting wears on you, my dear. I think I know what you need.”The door opened with a loud bang, almost hitting Zevran in the face.“What I need, Zevran, is some peace and quiet, not you pretending you want me,” Tavaris sneered, then pulled one of the bowls from the assassin’s hands and abruptly closed the door again.He wanted to help and to get some answers but it seemed that Tavaris wasn’t going to allow that. Not today, in any case. When they left in the morning after a pretty uncomfortable night, Tavaris tossed an empty bowl that looked suspiciously like it was licked clean by a dog on the inn’s table-counter. His eyes were oddly puffy, but nobody dared to comment on that. “We’re in a village,” he announced, as they were readying their horses. “Cleric can stay here.”Genitivi looked at Tavaris startled.“You cannot mean that, Warden!” He protested. “It’s in the middle of nowhere!”“And he is traveling with you and I believe that the innkeeper had already shared his story with all the locals,” Leliana added. “You cannot leave him in the village that you had antagonized the night before.”“Do I look like I care?” Tav snapped. “I said, to the first settlements, not to the first settlements that suit his fancies.”“My dear Warden,” Zevran interrupted. “Would that not be a waste of your efforts and nerves if you left the revered brother in a place where he might come to harm? You could as well leave him in the Temple then and save yourself the aggravation.”Tavaris breathed deeply, his nostrils widening rapidly.“Fine,” he said finally. “Next village. I won’t threaten anyone, the cleric stays.”Zevran didn’t miss the thankful look in the brother’s eyes. Morrigan just raised a brow at him, apparently questioning his impulse to save the cleric from being left in the dirt. Honestly, Zevran didn’t know himself what made him do that. Tavaris kept his word and didn’t harass the villagers in the next place they passed — they left brother Genitivi there and Zevran couldn’t help but breathe in relief. The Warden was on the edge enough without the cleric souring his mood even more.It didn’t help much, though — Tav was still morose, talking mostly with his dog, during the next day when they finally arrived in the Redcliffe. Warm welcome from the villagers didn’t help — he was still quiet and despondent until someone addressed him directly; then the answer was inadvertently waspish if not aggressive.They took off to the castle quickly and soon they were led to the guest rooms — all except for Tavaris, who snapped at the servant who tried to take Thushel to the kennels and then disappeared with horses in the stables.He came few hours later, smelling of horses and hay announcing that Alistair and Leliana were to join him in the meeting with the arl. Zevran was left to his own devices, so he dedicated this time to sharpening every single blade he owned in the comfort and warmth of the castle’s common room. Most people there left him alone — he wasn’t with the group when they first arrived here. As he worked, he heard in passing some stories about undead roaming the castle not so long ago and about the tragic death of the arlessa. Nobody from the people he eavesdropped on seemed to agree how exactly she died. The most popular version was that she fell prey to the undead — at the beginning of the magical infestation, near the end, attacked by a walking corpse on castle stairs when she tried to run for help, while hiding with her son, who miraculously survived… He would gladly ask someone what the story really was, but  Morrigan disappeared somewhere in the forest surrounding Redcliffe, informing them that she had no wish to return to that ‘pitiable hole’ and was going to gather some supplies in the area. Tavaris, Leliana and Alistair were, obviously, busy — not that he would be very inclined to fish for gossip from Tavaris now that he was in such a sour mood.It felt a bit unfair, to be honest, especially that he was, personally, the person who actually brought the Ashes from the temple. Not that he had much of a desire to spend his afternoon in a stuffy room with a stuffy noble, but…Well, he didn’t want to be left out in such a brutal way. Was that a sign he had outlived his usefulness in Tavaris eyes, now that he was apparently deemed wanting as a lover? Zevran, honestly, had a bit of a problem understanding what really happened in the temple — if Tavaris thought he loved him, then he should be happy still to welcome him in  his bed, shouldn’t he?The way he put up his walls was alarming — and now, sitting and waiting for the rest to finish the meeting, he couldn’t help but wonder, whether he should find another way of avoiding the Crow’s revenge. If Tavaris wasn’t willing to use him, then he might not be willing to shield him anymore.He closed his eyes and inhaled slowly, feeling spidery legs of fear creep up his spine. He had no idea where else he could run right now. In a different time he might consider going into the Wilds — as atrocious as the idea might be — but now the Wilds were crawling with the Darkspawn. Should he seek shelter among barbarians? Maybe among the Avvars he would be able to hide long enough to stay safe — but living in the cold mountains with people who bathed only when they fell under the ice on the frozen lake? Suddenly the weeks of torture that would surely precede his death if the Crows found him didn’t sound half as bad. Alienages were out of the question. Other options didn’t give him half of the safety Tavaris offered so far.He was close to a full-blown panic attack when a servant approached — a very young elven girl with forest green eyes.“Master Arainai?” She asked in a halting tone. “Lady Leliana asks you to join the gathering in the arl Eamon’s room. I am to escort you.”Zevran raised his brows.“I will need to put these down first,” he gestured to the blades. “But, by all means.” He wrapped the weapons back in the blanket he had repurposed to carry them and smiled at the kid.“Please, lead the way.” It took them a while to join Leliana — and the others — in the corridor leading to Eamons study. The castle was pretty spacious and their sleeping quarters were on the opposite end from the arl’s living area.“Zevran! Here you are!” Leliana was pacing around the room, anxious, but paused with a deep sigh of relief as soon as she saw him. “Thank the Maker!”The assassin took in the scene. Alistair stood under one wall, clutching his forehead in a defeated gesture. Tavaris stood on the opposite side, arms crossed on his chest, fuming, Thushel sitting protectively by his feet.“I am always happy to make pretty women happy,” he said, smiling as if he didn’t saw Tav’s expression. “Now, what can Zevran do for you?”Leliana made a frustrated gesture towards Tavaris.“I don’t know, something! His moods are likely to cost us Redcliffe's support. And I won’t be surprised if we end up next to Jowan if he won’t stop.”Zevran raised his hands in a halting gesture.“Wait, wait, please, start at the beginning, my dear. I am not sure, what can I do here, either.”“You’re the only person that dumbass sometimes listens to!” Leliana huffed. “Eamon was angry about Isolde and blood magic and said that he hardly considers it proper and this idiot started a whole scene, shouting at him that if not for that blood magic he wouldn’t have his son or the castle, then accusing him of some attacks on Dalish clans in the area and…” She tossed her hands in the air. “I barely dragged him out to cool off, but we will have to return soon and he’s going to completely destroy our chances.”“I was just waiting for him to break Eamon’s jaw,” Alistair added grimly. “It was bad.”“Would you just stop talking about me as if I wasn’t here?” Tavaris hissed. “He has it coming.”“I do not doubt it, pre… my dearest Warden. But sometimes politics is not about who is right, but what we need from them.” He sighed. “But I hear blood magic, and something about arlessa — and I am quite sure it is a juicy story and that it is a waste of perfectly good entertainment; but could you please  tell me what is it all about in a brief manner? Was that Morrigan who performed the ritual?”“No, it was an apostate who ran away from the Circle,” Alistair sighed. “Which, apparently, is something, Dalish have no issue with.”Tavaris glared. Zevran raised his brows in surprise. That… would be good news if Tavaris actually spoke with him.“And? You need to give me something more.”“Isolde, the arlessa, was hiding her kid from the Chantry when he started to show signs of magic,” Tavaris said grimly. “She got a mage who ran away from the Circle to teach the kid in secret — turned out the mage was duped by Loghain into poisoning the arl. Once the arl fell sick, the kid panicked and made a deal with a demon. Of course things went sideways — you must have heard about the walking dead we had to clear out of the castle; that was the demon’s work. We got the kid cornered, arlessa begged us to find a way to spare him — Jowan, the mage, offered a ritual which we could perform only with blood magic. Isolde gave her life to spare her child; the kid lives and is fine and well. Arl blames me and Jowan for everything, including the fact that Isolde was too scared to tell him that his son has magic.”“We could go to the Circle,” Alistair sighed. “I told you this would end badly.”“And what would stop the demon from reanimating his corpses we barely fought our way through and razing the village and the castle to the ground in the meantime?” Tavaris growled. “Riding hard, we wouldn’t be able to make it under two days. You know what can happen in two days?” “We should have at least tried! With the undead handled, things were calmer.”“Calm down, my dear Wardens, please.” Zevran raised his hands in a placating gesture. “And how do the Dalish factor into that?”“They don’t,” Tavaris admitted. “But I was angry and wanted to know what he thinks about Hellia and Souren Alerion being killed by villagers from a hamlet half a day from Redcliffe. Or about local Templars massacring half of the Surana clan because they had it for their Keeper and two mage kids who came too close to shem settlements while playing. I think they have kidnapped Neria as well. Or…”“I think I understand the issue,” Zevran interrupted. “And from what I gather we don’t have much time left.”He sighed and turned to Leliana.“So, I take it, we need to convince Eamon that blood magic and the dead arlessa were the best outcome and that we don’t have to talk about the Dalish, but about Loghain, no?”Leliana shrugged.“That about sums it up.”Zevran pinched the bridge of his nose.“My Warden,” he turned to Tavaris. “Will it be possible to you to not speak any further when dealing with Eamon? I will gladly do that for you, but I might say some things you might not agree with — things I would not agree with — and your honesty might make things more difficult.”“Can I glare?” Tav grumbled, almost pouting.Zevran couldn’t help but chuckle.“I think it might be argued that an angry Dalish hunter is exactly what we need to fight the Archdemon,” he agreed. “But please, do not interrupt, whatever will be said. You can yell at me later.”Tavaris exhaled, his nostrils widening rapidly.“Fine. I will yell later. At least I’ll try.”That was as good as he was going to get, Zevran knew it. Leliana’s shoulders slumped a bit in relief.“Thank you, my Warden.” The assassin was tempted to kiss Tav in thanks, but given the last few days that probably wouldn’t go well, so he just smiled at him warmly. For some reason the young man perked up a bit — including a happy twitch to his ears. It took only a moment though and almost instantly his ears drooped down again. It was hard, seeing him so morose, but even so, the way he emoted with his ears was still endearing. An elven servant girl came out and asked if they were ready to return — she looked frightened, Zevran noticed. He hoped Tavaris was bad enough in social clues to miss her hunched posture and shaking voice. He stole a glance at the other elf and sighed. No such luck. Tavaris’ hands were already balled and his eyes narrowed in anger.It wasn’t that Zevran didn’t care about frightened girl — but Tav should really learn to pick his battles.“My dear Warden, please remember what you promised,” he pleaded, catching his eyes. Tavaris jaw tightened.“I’ll try.” He sighed, relaxing his fists. “I’ll try.” Zevran stepped to the side, allowing Alistair to push the door open and step inside first, then he followed. Leliana came as the last one, closing the door behind them.Eamon — or so Zevran guessed — was sitting at his desk; a graying man with an impressive beard. Next to him stood a younger man with brown eyes and equally brown goatee.“I hope we’re past those hysterics,” Eamon started, then his eyes fell on Zevran. “And who’s that?”“It’s Zevran Arainai, my lord,” Leliana offered quickly. “He’s the one who, in the end, reached the Urn and brought the Ashes back.”“Oh?” Eamon raised his brow. “I owe you my thanks, then, good man. Why didn’t you join us before?”“I was very tired, my lord, and didn’t want to interrupt the meeting when I thought that my presence wasn't necessary.”And according to Tavaris it wasn’t.“I see. Alright, let’s get back to our discussion,” Eamon decided, then looked at Tavaris. “I will repeat that I don’t appreciate your accusations, young man, so I hope you will refrain from them.”Tavais’ jaw tightened. “For now.”Zevran sighed deeply. “I apologize — my friend here is Dalish and that might make him overly passionate about some things a civilized man understands as necessity.” He felt Tav’s eyes almost burning holes in his back. Thankfully, he didn’t speak. “But let’s be serious here. We’re talking about the Blight and about teyrn’s treason. These are matters that surely are more important than some petty arguments.”Now Tavaris was going to hate him for sure. Hopefully he’ll get his chance to apologize.“With that I can agree,” Eamon nodded. “I believe it’s time to send to Orlais to get someone competent enough to actually stand against the Blight.”Tavaris gritted his teeth. If he had magic, the air would probably crackle with static.“There is no time, my Lord. The Horde already reached Lothering, the Bannorns are overflown with refugees,” Alistair noted. “It’s a matter of time when they reach Redcliffe — and I am afraid, it’s not a long time.”“I am sorry, son, but I can’t pledge my people to two boys barely into adulthood — especially when your elven friend’s priorities are clearly misplaced.”Zevran saw Tavaris’ shifting“Tavaris isn’t a politician, I agree, but he’s dedicated to the cause,” Zevran started cautiously. “And I think we can agree that his anger can be exactly what we need to strike the blow against the Archdemon.”“I have seen him in the fight, brother,’ the man with the goatee added reluctantly. “He’s a force on the battlefield that cannot be ignored. I have never seen an archer so talented.”The arl let out a long hum.“We don’t ask you to give us a direct command of your troops, your lordship,” Tavaris interrupted, his voice still shaking with anger. And, of course, he messed up the honorific. “When the Archdemon arrives we need to be in the thick of the fight. We won’t be able to afford to lead the army directly. We need an army, with its commanders, that will allow us to cut our way to the Archdemon and slay it.”“Ser Perth surely won’t have any trouble with sharing the battlefield with us again. Neither would any knight who fought under his command when we liberated the castle,” Alistair suggested.“Very well,” Eamon nodded reluctantly. “I will talk to ser Perth then, see what he has to say. Now, even if I give you my support we can’t fight this war on two fronts. Loghain tried to eliminate me once — it’s a matter of time until he moves against us again.”“That’s what we hoped you could prevent,” Zevran said calmly. “We need a man of enough political power to win away the influence from Loghain. We are hoping you are this man.”“I might be,” Eamon agreed. “But we need to overthrow him as a Regent. His daughter is the Queen, he is the Hero of River Dane; I won’t be able to do it without having someone with a stronger claim to the throne.” He looked to Alistair who instantly reddened and raised his hands in a defensive gesture.“No, no! My lord, you can’t mean that! I can’t be a king!” He paused thinking. “I am a Grey Warden! I really, really can’t be king.”All the eyes turned to Alistair in surprise.“What is it all about?” Tavaris asked, his pretty eyes narrowing in suspicion. Alistair sighed.“I am king Maric’s bastard,” he said. “I didn’t want to tell you that because of…” He made a chaotic gesture encompassing the rest of the room. “It wasn’t important, and I didn’t want this gawking and everyone who knows treats me differently.”“You needn’t worry,” Tav drawled, looking at Alistair with a hard to read expression. “I am uncivilized and I really don’t have anyone else to take bashing from the Darkspawn in the fight.” Zevran had a problem containing his wince. It seemed that he was going to suffer for that remark.“I believe he should stop doing so,” Eamon noted sourly. “We just lost a king, we can’t lose the only heir.”“I believe that Alistair is a Grey Warden, first and foremost,” Tav’s eyes narrowed and his lips turned into a thin line. “I need him — this country needs him — on the frontlines, because there surely isn’t enough of us to spare him. Unless you have a way to bring me the Wardens stationed in Orlais right now. Then we can talk.”“I don’t appreciate your tone, young man,” Eamon furrowed his brows. “But I admit you have a point. With Loghain’s treason we surely are short on Wardens — though, hopefully, me lending you my troops should amend that a bit.”“Are your troops resilient to the Blight? Can they sense the Horde approaching? Can they avoid Darkspawn traps?” Now Tav’s ears turned back, almost pressing against his skull. “As long as this isn’t the case, I can’t spare Alistair until the Archdemon is gone.”Alistair shrugged.“Tavaris has a point, my lord. There are things only we can do and I can’t retire just yet. Though I really believe we should think this king thing through.”Tav’s head snapped to Alistair. His glare would be truly terrifying if Zevran hadn't seen more cruel men with more withering glances among Crow masters.“If getting your ass on a shemlen throne is what it takes to stop this Blight then this is what you’re going to do. I remember distinctly Duncan saying that we do what we have to do.”“It’s unfair to pull Duncan into this,” the human Warden almost whined. Tavaris ignored him.“Now, we have a king, what’s next?” “We have a heir, whom we have to put on the throne,” Eamon said slowly. “Which requires a Landsmeet, and that will take some time. I need to call the Landsmeet, write to other nobles, gather some allies… It will be a hard work. We also need to have solid proof of Loghain’s treachery — without it, gaining support might be problematic.”“But we saw it with our very own eyes!” Tav protested. “What else do they need?”“As sad as it is, my Warden,” Zevran interrupted, “when there’s a word of an elf and a bastard against a man in power, the man in power will always win. I have to agree with the arl, we need more than your accounts.”“Especially that, from what I heard, he made sure already to brand you two as the traitors to the king. Whatever you say might be seen as an attempt to turn the attention elsewhere,” Eamon said.“If they even allow you to talk,” the assassin added.The arl nodded and Tavaris gritted his teeth.“So what? We have Jowan’s accounts. And we were witnesses. And there’s this elf, Brewick?” He shrugged. “Brewick, Berwick or so. I think we should be able to track him.”“A maleficar — who will be sent to the Circle for the templars to deal with, two elves and a bastard. That doesn’t sound very convincing.”“What does that mean, ‘to deal with’?” Tavaris asked suspiciously. “How do templars ‘deal with’ mages?”“That’s for them to decide. You shouldn’t care much about the inner workings of the Circles.”“He helped. He shouldn’t be ‘dealt with’.” Tavaris’ ears flattened even more.“He performed a blood magic ritual in which he sacrificed my wife. That hardly merits a reward.”“She offered herself! Would you prefer to lose your son?”“Tavaris…” Zevran tried to interrupt, but the Warden wasn’t paying attention to him at all.“I have lost my son already, young man,” Eamon answered flatly. “Connor will travel to the Circle as soon as the escort arrives as well.”Tav looked at the arl in sheer horror.“What? Your wife gave her life so the child would be safe and you….”“Tavaris!” Zevran tried louder, walking up to him and grabbing him by the shoulder. Tav looked at him startled.The assassin turned to Eamon.“If you excuse us for a moment, my lord…” His voice trailed off. Eamon, pinching the bridge of his nose nodded his consent. Zevran dragged Tavaris out of the room once again, slightly annoyed that he had to.“My dear Warden,” he started, once they were out of earshot. “Do you want Eamon’s help?”Tavaris grimaced, stealing a glance at the door.“Want? No. The man is despicable.”“Then is it your wish to make an enemy of him? Because that is what you are doing right now, my Warden.” He reached out to tuck a strand of stray hair behind Tav’s ear, but remembered himself before he touched him. Tavaris looked at his hand with a weirdly forlorn expression.“No,” Tavaris sighed. “I need him. And I hate that I do.”“He can find poison in his wine or a dagger in an alley once this is all done,” Zevran suggested in a kindest tone he could muster. “If only that would make you feel better about the current predicament.”The corner of Tav’s mouth twitched.“I don’t think Alistair would be happy about that, Zevran. But you know what would make me feel better? Getting the mage out. I didn’t like Eamon’s tone when he spoke about him.”“I will see what I can do,” Zevran promised. “But now, please, do not sabotage your own plans. Let us talk, do not make the arl even angrier.” He sighed. “I believe it would be in our best interest if you apologized to him, but that is not something I would ever ask of you.”“I won’t,” Tav grimaced at the thought. “But I am not civilized so I doubt he would expect that.” His tone was bitter.“I apologize for that, my Warden.” A cold shiver run down Zevran’s back at that voice. “I needed to say something to downplay your anger so we could talk further. You know that is not something I truly believe.”Tavaris’ jaw tightened.“I have no idea what you believe in, Zevran. Now, can we go in and be done with that insufferable man?”“Yes, of course, my Warden. Please, try to not anger the arl even more, even if you find him disagreeable.” When they came back, Tavaris leaned on the wall, his arms crossed on his chest, allowing Zevran and Alistair to take the lead in the talks. Thankfully, this time Zevran’s request for him to refrain from any further comments did register with him and all the hunter was doing was sending venomous looks towards the human nobles — that, unfortunately, couldn’t be helped.Thankfully the meeting didn’t take long after that — Eamon agreed to call the Landsmeet, Zevran agreed on Tavaris’ behalf to look for anything that would strengthen their claim about Loghain’s treason. Only the matter of the troops wasn’t entirely resolved, but Alistair was optimistic about Ser Perth’s opinion.Tavaris was still grumbling once they left the study, but thankfully he decided that another fit of rage wasn’t worth the energy spent.“I am going to the stables,” he announced. “Unless we get another undead or darkspawn attack, don’t bother me.”“You should rest. If we are to leave tomorrow you should take advantage of the castle’s amenities,” Leliana noted. “Or at least eat your fill, you're starting to look really thin.”Tavaris shrugged.“I am not hungry. Don’t worry, I won’t collapse.”“Tavaris…” Alistair sighed. “You should eat. Duncan didn’t have time to tell you that, probably, but you know, the Warden condition will get worse if you don’t. You know it will start eating at your body.”“As long as I survive until the Archdemon is dead I don’t see an issue,” Tavaris shrugged again. “Now, can I leave? The horses are better company — and don’t nag me so much.”Zevran closed his eyes, trying to not show his worry. He knew Tavaris didn’t appreciate it, but he still could bring some food to the stables later, maybe on his way to the dungeon to free the jailed mage. Given what happened in the inn, Zevran thought that even if Tavaris wasn’t happy about being cared for, his hunger would win at least partially with his mood — of course if he didn’t give everything to the dog.Which was increasingly possible, he realized when he went to the kitchen to ask for a plate for the Warden. Looking at Tavaris now eerily reminded Zevran of looking in the mirror shortly after Rinna’s death. The idea that it might have been his own actions that led to that, chilled the assassin to the bone.



Magespawn
Chapter Notes
So, It's been 84 years and I am sorry for that. This chapter isn't as perfectly polished as it was supposed to be but I hit a major editor's block here and couldn't finish all the things I was supposed to fix. The next one, hopefully will be better.



Tavaris still didn’t eat — or barely ate. The evening after leaving Redcliffe it was Alistair with the help of Thushel who sat him forcefully by the fire before he sneaked out and watched until the hunter ate his fill. The mabari sat down on his legs, letting Alistair refill his bowl until he got at least three portions of the stewTavaris wasn’t happy about that — but then, since they left the mountains, he wasn’t happy about anything. He ate without appetite, glaring at the bowl as if it was the source of all his troubles. As a result, the moon stood high when he finally was finished and the dog finally got up from where he sat on his legs, preventing him from fleeing.Alistair yawned, finally unpacking his bedroll, which laid untouched when he watched over Tavaris’ meal.“At least the Circle won’t be a problem,” he said, tossing it into his tent, pitched helpfully by Leliana. “We’ll have a nice chat over dinner with the Knight-Commander and the First Enchanter and then we’ll be on our way. They will respect the treaties.”“Hope so,” Tavaris grumbled. “I’ve had enough cleaning other people’s messes.”“It might be a good idea to stay there a bit longer — two, three days or so. There will be beds and food and I don’t think you will have to yell at anyone. The Kinloch Hold Circle is very neatly run.”“Great. I am sure everything is perfect there,” Zevran didn’t miss the sarcasm in Tav’s voice. “I’m heading to sleep. We still have a day ride before we get there.”“Sure,” Alistair smiled at him. “Goodnight.”Zevran saw his chance — he had a watch for the next few hours still and Tavaris was already halfway to his tent, which gave him a perfect opportunity to corner him.He waited for Tavaris to crawl into the tent fully, before he approached him, blocking the entrance. Tavaris turned to him, scowling.“What do you want, Zevran?”“Just talk, my Warden,” he gave Tavaris a friendly smile. “You have been rather high-strung lately. I worry that I might have been the reason.”Tav’s scowl deepened.“The reason lies in my own actions. Now, would you kindly let me sleep? Tomorrow will be a long day and I wasted enough of the night being fed like a child.”“Then, if I am not at fault, maybe you would like me to join you? I am not sure what you did, but maybe you have beaten yourself about it enough, no? It’s been over two weeks.”From his position at the entrance of the tent Zevran could see Tav’s whole body turning rigid. He knew when to back off — apparently without love pleasure was out of question.“No, Zevran, I don’t want you to…” Tavaris sighed, closing his eyes. “I just don’t want.”“As you wish, my Warden,” he stood up gracefully from the entrance, letting in Tav’s dog instead. In the corner of his eye he saw the young man embracing the big animal’s neck and hiding his face in the fur as his shoulders started to shake.Zevran had no business there, even if he itched to make it somehow better. He quietly closed the flaps of the tent and went back to his watch. The next day wasn’t different than any of the other days recently. Tavaris scouting ahead with a grim expression; Leliana and Alistair trying to have some lighthearted talk and failing each time the gloomy elf came back from where he went. Morrigan run next to them in a wolf’s skin, startling her own horse which was tied to Zevran’s saddle.The assassin tried to enjoy weak autumn sun that had shown after long days of raining.It was mid-afternoon when Tavaris came back with good news.“The docks are about half an hour ride from us,” he announced, lining his horse up with Morrigan. The witch yawned, turned into a raven with a loud flap of wings and flew into her own saddle to change to her normal form.“I hope you don’t expect me to go into the Tower, Tavaris.”The young elf gave her a sideways look.“No, not really. Though it starts to feel as if you were avoiding our company.”“Of course, I am always avoiding any company. As well as idiots and Templars.”Tavaris shrugged.“Fair enough. Alistair is more than enough even for me.”“Hey! We made up, remember?” Alistair frowned. “You don’t need to pick on me anymore.”“And where would be fun in that?” The delivery was completely flat and given Tavaris recent frame of mind Zevran didn’t think he actually cared about fun anymore. Alistair didn’t answer though, so Zevran guessed that the goal had been achieved.“Alright, so it’s just the rest of us.” Tavaris shrugged. “It’s fine — it’s not like we’re expecting any trouble.” He looked at Morrigan. “I expect to conscript some mages from there. Please, try to rein in too overt manifestations of your contempt.”“If they are going to handle the Blight they should be able to handle my contempt,” Morrigan answered. Zevran grinned.“I am not sure, o fair Morrigan. Having to choose between that and the Horde I might be inclined…” He paused. “Well, to be completely honest I might be inclined to run away from both. I value my skin intact. My point still stands.”“You haven’t really made any point, assassin, except for the one of you being a coward.”“And as you know perfectly well, that is a trait I take a deep pride in.”“Says the man who always sprints right into the middle of combat,” Alistair rolled his eyes. “You are not making any sense, Zevran.”“Oh, that is just a part of my very secret plan. When I will finally run no one will see that coming!”Was that a twitch of lips or was that just a shadow moving over Tavaris’ face? The hunter nudged his horse into a trot.“Let’s go, I’m hungry.”“You wouldn’t be if you ate your breakfast, you know?” Alistair hurried to join Tavaris at the head of their group and started another bout of nagging. Zevran couldn’t be sure what happened between them in the Temple, but it was a relief to see them on terms good enough that Tavaris actually allowed that. The fact that it was needed was much worse.“Pining again?” Morrigan asked. “I might lose my good opinion about you if you carry on like that. One might think that it’s not the boy who is infatuated!”“Ah, can’t a ruthless assassin worry about the state of the world, the Blight and the prospective lack of jobs once the Darkspawn take over? We don’t have too many Wardens at hand to handle that, and half of them is trying to drive himself straight into a grave.”Morrigan gave him a doubtful look.“No? Then know that I like the looks of him and don’t want him to turn too gaunt for my viewing pleasure.”“Suit yourself. But even if he can’t see through your lies, don’t think I can’t either.”Zevran raised one brow. Here he was, a picture of honesty, and she accused him of lying? He shrugged and chuckled. He had been accused of worse.The lake Calenhad shimmered on their left side like a jewel, low waves pulled from the glassy surface by warm wind. It was huge, the opposite bank not even visible as a shadow. What was growing visible, though, was the Tower of Magi, proudly standing amidst the waves, seemingly growing straight out of the water. There was a broken, high arched bridge leading to it, white stone gleaming over the calm lake — a testament to a long forgotten era when this place wasn’t a prison to mages.They left the dog with Morrigan – Tavaris was uneasy about taking the animal on the boat – and urged their horses forward — the vision of comfortable beds and a meal that wouldn’t consist of the road rations and whatever game Tavaris managed to catch alluring.The docks were calm and sleepy in the warm afternoon sun. It felt as if everyone in the area took a break to enjoy what probably was the last pleasant day before the winter. Only at the end of the small pier sat a man in a heavy templar armor, entertaining himself with lazily throwing pebbles in the water.They dismounted and Alistair went into the inn to arrange the stables and feeding for their horses for the time being. Tavaris sat down on the grass, stretching his face to the sun — for the first time in weeks looking at peace.Zevran itched to join him, but he suspected his company wouldn’t be welcome.  Instead he turned in the direction of the inn and into the small settlement that grew out behind it.The most atypical feature of this place was the market — a whole five stalls, which seemed excessive in this settlement of seven houses and an inn – on the other hand, with Templars around and guests traveling to the Circle the business might be good anyway.He bought some sweet nuts from one of the stalls and took a leisurely stroll around the place, talking with the traders, who were worried about happenings in the Tower — apparently there was no sign of the Templars who’d usually come for treats and supplies for the last few days, except for a single courier and one boy who commandeered the ferry on Knight-Commander’s orders and since them refused anyone access to the Tower without any explanation.That… Was bad news. He couldn’t imagine Tavaris happy about that, and it hurt to be the person who had to bring the news, but they had to know. He was already hurrying back to the docks proper, when his attention was caught by another stall, where among perfectly fereldan weapons, armor and pots he spotted a cap of Qunari design. He paused — seeing a thing like that in Ferelden, in the middle of nowhere, was surprising. Apart from the cap there were braces, a short sword and huge boots standing next to the stall’s counter.“That is an interesting choice of wares you have here, good man,” Zevran turned to the merchant. “May I ask how did you come into possession of such equipment?”“These?” The merchant gestured to the boots. “Ah, that’s an Orzammar import. I happen to have contacts with the dwarves there and sometimes I get armor designed for bigger races,” he gave a short, startled laugh. “Of course, dwarves, as they are not used to human sizes, sometimes exaggerate in their measurements.”Zevran narrowed his eyes, looking at the man with suspicion. These were definitely not dwarven crafts, and he had a hard time believing in ‘dwarves exaggerating the measurements’.“Ah, that is a very interesting story you tell. Though I am pretty sure these are crafts from Par Vollen, of Qunari make. I happen to hail from Antiva and we occasionally see them there.”The man blanched, nervous sweat coming upon his brow.“Oh, please let me assure you that is impossible,” he said. “These are definitely of dwarven make; though maybe the armorer had been inspired by exotic cultures.”The man was lying — that much was obvious. And that made the actual source of the merchandise truly interesting. He didn’t look very threatening with the bag of honeyed nuts in his hand and he didn’t want to lose the treat in some demonstration of his prowess with the blades. Intimidation was off the table then.“No need to be all defensive, good man. I am just a traveling scholar,” Zevran gave his most friendly smile. “I am merely curious how it is possible for Par Vollen crafts to find themselves on the banks of Kinloch Hold.”The man gave him a long, appraising look. Zevran made sure that his posture was open, non-threatening and the smile looked genuine. Finally, the merchant caved.“We found a group of bull-men dead half day walk from here. They fought with truly revolting beasts there — they looked like a taunt aimed at the Maker himself,” he finally answered, lowering his voice. “I think these might have been the Darkspawn people talk about — I have never seen anything so horrifying. But the equipment of the bull-men was of good quality and me and my brother thought that some of the templars might be interested in that. So we gathered what we could. The Templars have already taken a heavy collar one of them wore — a terribly ungainly thing, I don’t really know how anyone might wear a thing like that. And I had a dwarven mercenary buy a sword for a good price,” he paused. “It just doesn’t sound too good, you know, when you say you robbed a corpse for the merchandise.”“Ah, and that is a truly fascinating story, my good man! Thank you for sharing!” He flicked a silver coin towards the merchant. “Take it as a sign of my appreciation.” He gave the human a shallow bow and sauntered back to the docks to meet the others.Leliana was eating  — or trying to eat — a strip of dried meat, sitting on one of the barrels next to the tavern’s entrance. It was made difficult by Thushel sitting with his head on her knee and whining with each bite she took. Tavaris still lounged on the grass, this time spread in the sun like a cat. Zevran wasn’t sure if he wasn’t napping. Alistair finally left the tavern — turned out that Tav wasn’t asleep, given how quickly he sat up, his face returning to his usual recently, grim expression.“Took you a while,” he commented.“The innkeeper wanted to haggle,” Alistair complained. “If I had someone to help it would probably take less time.”“You should’ve asked Leliana.” The Dalish man shrugged. “You know why I didn’t want go myself or send Zevran.”Ah, yes, after that first inn in which Tav had to bully the innkeeper into allowing them to stay he avoided talking with such people himself. Apparently that hesitation included Zevran as well.“I have nothing against dealing with sellers on your behalf, Tavaris.” He offered the hunter his honeyed nuts. “I know how to navigate these kinds of situations.”Tavaris reached into the bag hesitantly, pulling out a single nut. His eyes widened as he popped it into his mouth, his ears perking up a bit.“Ma’serannas, Zevran,” he smiled briefly, for a fleeting second again the young boy he met all these weeks ago. “They are almost like the treats the aunties made back home.”“Take more,” Zev offered, sitting down next to him and setting the bag in Tav’s easy reach. He smiled, seeing how the young elf carefully reached into the bag again, this time pulling a  handful of the nuts out. Zevran hated to ruin the mood when for once his Warden seemed to feel better — but some things had to be said.“I have been talking with the locals,” he started slowly. “They say there seems to be something wrong in the Circle.”Tavaris frowned, licking his fingers. The magical moment passed.“Of course there is something wrong there,” he grumbled. “We’re tired, Alistair said we won’t get any trouble, of course something must have happened.” He sighed. “What did you learn?”“Not much,” Zevran admitted. “Apparently a few days ago the Templars stopped visiting the village, which according to the merchants isn’t normal.  It seems that they often came here when off duty. The only one who appeared in the meantime was that man and a courier who left in a hurry.” He gestured to the pier and the bored Templar. “Usually there is a ferryman who operates the ferry. The templar said he had orders from the Knight-Commander and commandeered it. Doesn’t let anyone through.”“Just like that?” Tavaris raised one brow.“Just like that. He didn’t offer any explanations.”“Huh,” Tav stood up. “Let’s go then and see how much he will tell us.”  Apparently Knight-Commander had chosen the dumbest among his Templars to guard the ferry. After the most idiotic discussion Zevran witnessed in years — one including a request for “some greywardening” in the middle of the pier — it turned out that the Templar was easily intimidated. It took only one pissed elf with markings on his face. Though, to be honest, angry Tavaris was a sight to behold.It was just unfortunate that his mood was ruined again. It was a nice change of pace to see him finally relaxed.As it was, he sat at the bow of the boat, with Thushel leaning heavily on his feet and glared at the Templar boy who had some problems handling the ferry.“Your rowing is uneven,” he informed the Templar icily, not moving from his spot. “Your right hand drags behind, that’s why the boat tries to turn, presses on the guiding rope and makes you slow down. Correct your grip and work that right oar a bit faster.”“Why won’t you do it then?” The kid asked in a whiny tone. “Elves are good at such things.”Tavaris narrowed his eyes. “Better forget about about ‘elves’ and start thinking about ‘esteemed guests’, boy.” His frigid tone dripped with contempt and never vocalized threat.The human swallowed nervously, fixing his grip on the oar. Zevran almost laughed. Tavaris couldn’t be older than the templar, at most, probably a year or two younger. Yet, he had to admit that despite his problems with non-aggressive social interactions, Tavaris had the intimidation down to an art. He wouldn’t dare to spoil the perfect performance.Besides, watching Tav threatening humans twice his size was still incredibly arousing — and entertaining. The boat finally hit the pier of the Tower and they left the deck, one by one. Tav’s back was stiff as he pushed the heavy doors of the Tower just to stand face to face with an older man in a heavy armor, giving the orders to one of the templars.“Now we wait and pray…” He murmured under his breath.“I assume you’re Greagoir?” Tavaris called, walking swiftly to him.“And who are you?” The man furrowed his brows. “I told Carroll to not bring anyone across the lake. You must leave now, for your own safety — we’re dealing with a very delicate situation here.”“So I presume from the talk in the village. But I can’t leave — I am a Grey Warden and I came to seek the assistance of the mages.”“I am weary of the Grey Wardens and their neverending need of the men to fight the darkspawn,” the Knight-Commander sighed. “But I guess it’s your right. You won’t find any allies here, though. I need all the Templars I can get and the mages… are indisposed.”Tavaris narrowed his eyes again.“Look, I will speak plainly,” the human added. “The Tower is lost to us. Demons and abominations roam the corridors there, the Circle is no more.”“It seems like the Templars weren't doing their job,” Tav answered, his voice getting cold again. “I was led to believe that it is your job to keep the mages safe, isn’t it?”“My men did what they could.” The Templar didn’t even seem offended, just exhausted. “They took us by surprise. We were prepared for one, two abominations, not the horde that fell upon us.”“What is your plan then?”  Tavaris asked, crossing his arms on his chest.“To destroy the Tower, raze it to the ground. But I cannot risk more of my men. The doors will protect us for now.”“You shut everyone in there? Including innocent mages?”“Not only mages, my templars as well. I have sent for reinforcements and the Right of Annulment. Everything in the tower must be eliminated.”Tav’s frown got deeper.“The Right of Annulment? I don’t like the sound of that.”“It isn’t anything to be liked,” Alistair explained. “This is the right to neutralize the whole Circle. Completely.”“The situation is dire,” added Greagoir. “We must do everything to make it safe.”“What about making it safe for the people you are responsible for and who you shut in the Tower?” Tavaris growled. “You, shem, are a disgrace.”“Look, boy. I mourn the mages lost there, but I have no resources to help them — and everyone must be dead by now.” The human sighed wearily and there was a hint of exasperation in his voice.“If everyone is dead, what are you waiting for? Go, raze the Tower to the ground as you threatened. Surely you don’t need any special permission to do that?”“I need reinforcements, boy, and don’t use this tone with me.”“I am not a ‘boy’, but a Warden and a man who has some decency left, which, apparently is something completely alien to you. The mages are not defenseless. Some must still live.”“If any of them lives then the Maker himself had shielded them,” his expression turned sad, but Zevran couldn’t help but feel that it was a well-studied face. “It is impossible for anyone to survive these monstrous creatures. It is too painful to hope for survivors and then… find nothing.”“You’re disgusting, shem,” Tavaris grimaced. “Let us in and we will clear the Tower and get the mages who had survived. And then, those who will be able, will join us to fight the Blight.”“I assure you, an abomination is a force to be reckoned with and you will face more than one,” the Knight-Commander warned.“I have faced abominations before,” Tavaris cut in. “Don’t tell me what I can do.”“That is surprising. Did you manage to cut it down?”“Would I be standing in front of you otherwise?” There was a slight hesitation in Tav’s voice – to Zevran’s ear he was bluffing, but the human, thankfully didn’t seem to catch on that.“If you faced them before, then you know what they are — madness and cruelty made flesh. Do you think you can face them if even templars are loathe to enter the tower?”“Just let me in. What I can’t stand is a man who leaves people he is responsible for to die, just like that. I will do your job.”“Word of caution then. Once you cross that threshold, there’s no turning back. I will not open this door until the Tower is safe, and I will believe no one until the First Enchanter Irving stands before me and tells me so. If Irving has fallen, then all hope is lost.”“Fine,” Tavaris snarled. “I will bring you your first enchanter. Now let us in.”“Are you sure it’s the wisest course of action, Tavaris?” Leliana asked. “There’s a good chance that the Knight-Commander is right and we cannot really afford losing you or Alistair.”“Stay if you wish. If I have to enter this tower alone, I will.”Much to his surprise, Zevran discovered that he didn’t wish to stay. Tavaris was foolhardy, stubborn and determined to risk a lot — but that was the right thing to do and Zev couldn’t help but admire him a bit for that. With all his flaws Tavaris never failed when it came to protecting those who couldn’t protect themselves.Zevran, in some way, was one of the examples.“I will go,” he declared. Leliana nodded hesitantly her agreement.“I believe this is a foolish quest, Tavaris, but I can’t really leave you alone, can I?” Alistair huffed, checking his sword in its sheath.“Great. The more the merrier,” the archer turned around heading to the big door, his voice anything but merry. “Let’s go.” The door closed behind them with a loud bang, made probably even louder by the fact that they had no way out. Zevran doubted Greagoir would go back on his word — if he didn’t open the door for his own templars, low chance that he would open them for them.They walked the narrow corridor, with doors opened to their right showing big rooms that probably were the apprentices’ quarters. Broken, overturned furniture and corpses — and no sight of anyone alive.Maybe this was a foolish mission, just like Greagoir warned. Maybe there, indeed, wasn’t anyone to save anymore. An unpleasant shiver went up Zevran’s spine. What if they would stay locked here until the abominations tore them apart? It couldn’t be said they weren’t warned.Leliana and Alistair glanced at the ruined sleeping room nervously, their faces mirroring Zevran’s own fears. Tavaris just glanced inside and moved forward. Suddenly Zevran recognized the stubborn, dead look in his eyes — it was the same look he remembered from the mirror on the day he bid for the Grey Wardens’ contract. It was the look of a man who didn’t care if he survived — and quietly hoped not to.The assassin cursed his own shortsightedness, realizing belatedly that since the moment he left Tavaris with the poison the boy hasn’t recovered at all; he just waited for the opportunity. Which had just presented itself. It was clear now why he offered them the way out — and for some reason that made Zevran angry. Not the fact that he led them into what he expected to be a deadly trap; but how eagerly he threw himself into it. He was far too young for that.“Survivors are probably gathered somewhere more defensible,” he said lightly. “This does not look like a good spot to hide.”“This is true enough,” Leliana gave him a warm smile. It was a pretty smile. “We’ll find someone soon.”“Maybe better not?” Alistair chimed in. “If we find them then wouldn’t the abominations find them first?”“We’ll see. The mages are not defenseless,” Tavaris said, following the curving corridor. There were closed door at the end — he pushed it without hesitation. Zevran grit his teeth, rushing forward. Just out of the sheer spite, he wasn’t going to allow Tavaris to kill himself; and the guy was nearly hopeless when it came to fighting in close quarters.He needn’t worry.An older mage stood against them, her staff ready for the fight. In the further corner of the room hid a group of children, protected by another three adult — but young — mages.“Who are you?” The old woman demanded.Tavaris rolled his eyes.“Another one,” he huffed quietly. “I am a Grey Warden, we came to seek help of the mages against the Blight. When I have learned about the situation I decided to come and see what can we do to help.”The mage lowered her staff, squinting.“Ah, yes, your face looks familiar. You’re that rowdy Warden who picked fights with everyone.”Tavaris grimaced, obviously unhappy with that description.“Ah, you must be Enchanter Wynne. Daveth mentioned you spoiled his fun few times. But well, in this case you won’t be surprised that this time I came to pick a fight with these abominations of yours.”“First, tell me what Greagoir said. Is he ready to open the door?”Tavaris’ jaw stiffened.“That disgusting coward won’t open the door, unless the First Enchanter tells him so. But this…” he paused, searching for words. “The Right of Annulment, hasn’t arrived yet.”Wynne pursed her lips. “The Right of Annulment… So he thinks the Circle is lost.”“So he told me. Along with teary assurances that he mourns every one of you and declaration…”Zevran cleared his throat. He guessed what Tavaris could say when pissed and he was pretty sure these mages didn’t need an added layer of conflict with the templars.  Greagoir’s eagerness to ‘neutralize’ the Circle was something they didn’t need to speak of.“So, how about we find this First Enchanter before the templars will get their Right of Annulment? It seems to be like a decent idea, no?”“Wait,” Wynne stopped them, gesturing to the door on the opposite side of the room. Pink light swirled in the entryway. “I have been keeping us all safe by holding up this barrier. You won’t pass until I remove it.”Tavaris scoffed quietly.“So, what’s stopping you? Just open the door and we’ll be on our way.”“I want to go with you.”The hunter looked at her in disbelief.“We’re going there to fight, not to coddle old women.”“I am a mage, boy, and a healer. You would be foolish to reject my help.”Tavaris looked at her with inscrutable expression for a long while.“Fine. But we won’t slow down for your sake.” “That’s nothing I would expect, Warden.” Wynne dispelled the barrier easily and then they were off to fight. Unfortunately, despite what Zevran hoped for, Greagoir’s fears were not exaggerated. There were lots of abominations and demons roaming the dark corridors and after another close — too close — fight with a rage demon, Zevran was grateful for Wynne’s presence, even if he could understand why she annoyed Tavaris.Wynne seemed to be bent on lecturing him on everything. Starting with manners — which, in Tavaris case, admittedly could use some work — to events from Ostagar, even after the hunter very pointedly informed her that yes, he was there and yes, he saw it with his own eyes. Given that the mages seemed to be pulled out early enough that they managed to flee the horde, Zevran would venture the guess that Tavaris might have seen it even better than her. Of course, the more she nagged, the more unpleasant Tavaris grew which resulted in rather awful back and forth. Leliana tried to calm things down, reminding them that they would do better with stealth than arguments, but apparently the mage was a spark to Tavaris’ gaatlok.They haven’t even cleared the first floor before Zevran got a wicked headache that had nothing to do with a lonely abomination trying to toss him on the wall. Were they still lovers, he would probably try to discreetly persuade Tav against this bickering, but at this point he wasn’t even sure what the proper etiquette was. A rare predicament, for him.  Admittedly, when they still were lovers, Tavaris was much more pleasant company and not as likely to lose his composure just because of an annoying old woman.As it was…“You really should work on your attitude, young man. I can’t fathom how do you imagine to stop the Blight with such a disrespectful manner.”“Oh, sure,” Tavaris sneered. “Because the Archdemon surely will go back where it came from if only I ask him respectfully enough.”“Don’t take this tone with me. I could have been your grandmother; you give a bad example as a Dalish among the humans.”Tavaris’ upper lip lifted a bit in a grimace Zevran learned to know well.“Leave my people out of your ramblings,” he growled. “My grandmother wasn’t a shem — don’t disrespect her with that comparison.”“You have a very narrow mindset, Warden Mahariel. Surely you know that humans aren’t inherently bad.”“Most of the humans I meet fail to convince me otherwise. You, lecturing me on my people, my duties or the events I have witnessed first-handedly, don’t do much to change my opinion.”Wynne pinched her lips again. Zevran was quite amazed that this wasn’t her default expression already.“From what I can see you could use some proper lecturing; it looks like your caretakers omitted some things when you were growing up.”Tavaris balled his hands into fists, barely restraining himself from something that would surely be a very unsavory act of violence. Thankfully — and Zevran never imagined he might be grateful for that — their raised voices lured in another abomination, which shrieked as it sent a ball of fire into their group.Rolling away from the burning surface he considered some joke about abominations growing tired of that shouting match, but he gave up almost immediately. There were more urgent matters — his blades went under the monster’s knees, cutting the tendons. The abomination fell on its face and was quickly finished off by Alistair’s sword pinning it by the neck to the floor.Tavaris wouldn’t appreciate the joke.Still, the issue was pressing.“I understand that you have a lot to talk about,” he started hesitantly. “But maybe it would better be put off until such time when we would not have hordes of abominations and demons around, no?”Tavaris scowled, but apparently there was some reason left under that blonde hair of his.“Fine,” he grumbled. “But I can’t guarantee I won’t snap at some point.”“Please, snap at the demons,” Alistair suggested helpfully. “That would be a very useful snapping.”“That is not the worst idea,” Zevran agreed. “Surely better than harassing an old woman.”“And since when are you so upstanding?”Zevran shrugged.“Not upstanding, just practical.” They moved through the rest of the floor without another incident and took took the tall flight of stairs  to the next floor.”Alistair pushed the doors separating the levels with a grim expression. “I wonder what kind of nastiness we will find there.”They opened the door to the second floor. A fireball whooshed in front of them, filling their vision with the bright glare. Something sizzled and shrieked as it found its target. Zevran wrinkled his nose at the smell of burning flesh. His vision adjusted quickly and he saw another abomination crumbling into ash.Zevran readied his weapon — the mages they encountered so far, as a rule, weren't too friendly.“Senior Enchanter Wynne!” The boy —  man —  perched atop a pile of fallen shelves jumped down from the wreckage, putting down a book from all things possible. “I had a bet with Owain if you’re still alive,” he gestured behind his back where a balding man was scrubbing a nasty stain from the stone floor. “He said he didn't believe you made it, but I was confident in you. You're too nasty of a hag for abominations to touch.”Tavaris hid his mouth, pretending to be coughing but Zevran was pretty sure he recognized the amused look in his eyes. Nice change of pace, all things considered.“Thank you for this vote of confidence, Daylen,” she said dryly. I can see that the current situation didn’t ruin your charm.” She looked past the young mage at the balding man scrubbing the floor as if nothing happened. “Owain, dear, what are you doing here? Petra keeps watch over survivors in the entry room. Why won't you join them? We have cleared the way for you.”“Thank you, Senior Enchanter, but I’d rather stay here,” the man stopped scrubbing for a moment, sitting up to kneel next to the stain. “It’s familiar and I need to put things in order again.” His inflection was flat, emotionless, and one glance at his forehead confirmed Zevran’s suspicions. A Tranquil.Wynne sighed, shaking her head.“Owain, it’s not safe here,” she chided gently. “You can clean up once this is over.”“Mage Daylen is with me, Senior Enchanter. He is well qualified to keep me safe.”“Actually…” Daylen looked at them, past Wynne, trying to assess who was making decisions here. His eyes lingered for a moment on Alistair, flickered over Leliana and then focused on the two of them. Zevran took a tiny step back. The mage blinked, then turned to Tavaris.“Are you heading up, by any chance? I think Uldred is being awful in the Harrowing Chamber and I really, really want to jam a staff up his ass.”“I was under the impression that you might be quite keen on whatever Uldred might have suggested, Daylen,” Wynne’s tone was sour.“Oh, I am very keen on freedom for the mages,” the young man said seriously. “I am not very keen on turning on my friends and slaughtering half of the Circle. We already have Templars to do that. We don’t need one of our own doing their job.” He turned to Tavaris again. “So, are we going, or have you had enough of the Circle’s hospitality?” He stood up, picking a staff from behind the rubble and grimaced, looking at the pile of ash at the door. “Honestly, I wouldn’t blame you. It’s kinda messy here right now.”Tavaris shrugged. “The big Templar downstairs said that he won’t let us out until he will hear the First Enchanter through the door, so I guess we will stay a bit longer. What about you?” He turned to the Tranquil. “Owain, is it? We could certainly use some help, if you’re feeling up to it.”“Owain is Tranquil, Grey Warden. He can’t defend himself,” Wynne turned to Tavaris. “So if Mage Daylen is to join us — which I would advise against — Owain should join the rest downstairs.”“Tranquil…?” Tavaris’ for a moment seemed confused, then suddenly his face took a horrified expression as realization came upon him. “You mean, cut off the Beyond?” He asked and Zevran hadn’t seen such a repelled grimace on him yet. “I thought that is just a story elders told to scare us away from shemlen. How can one do something so barbaric?”“Sometimes it’s for the best, Warden,” Wynne said in a slow, explanatory tone she must have frequently used on her students. “Some mages simply can’t handle threats that await them in the Fade. Becoming Tranquil is sometimes the only way they can live safely among other people.”Tavaris frowned, his face scrunched in distaste.“How can be murdering a person’s soul be for the best? This is so cruel and so unnecessary —”“With all due respect, Warden, as you are neither a mage nor a Templar, I hardly see you as qualified to say if that’s necessary,” Wynne interrupted, all the while Daylen grinned. Zevran could not notice that with his bronze skin, dark hair and blindingly white, crooked smile he was quite attractive.“I must admit, Senior Enchanter, that for once you keep good company. I like the way this guy’s thinking.” He whirled his staff, placing it swiftly across his shoulders. “But one thing’s true here. Owain, if I am going to find Uldred, you really need to go somewhere safer for the time being,” he turned to the Tranquil and his roguish expression softened a bit. “Why don’t you join them downstairs? Petra could probably use some help.”“We have mostly cleared the first floor, but  we can’t be sure it’s completely safe,” Alistair observed. “Someone should escort him.”“I will do it,” Leliana volunteered. “Between Tav and two mages you don’t really need me as well.”Owain stood up, his face blank — not that it could be otherwise— and nodded slowly.“Of course. If I am to be a hindrance, I will, of course, go and join the others, Mage Daylen.”Daylen smiled at him.“Thank you, Owain, I am most grateful.” He turned to them again, smiling and spun his staff again, to the normal position this time. “So, if we’re going to fight together, then the name’s Spawn Amell. I’m only Daylen to old hags and senile pricks.”Tavaris smiled — Maker, how long had it been since Zevran had seen such a beautiful, genuine smile from him, even though the hunter seemed slightly flustered.“I am Tavaris;  this is Zevran,” he paused while pointing at Zevran, as if he wanted to say something more, but turned to Leliana instead. “The girl’s Leliana and that big set of armor is called Alistair.”“We also have another companion, but she refused joining us in the Tower. Has a bit of distaste for Templars,” Zevran added, feeling weirdly excluded. Daylen — Spawn — grinned.“Oh, I can certainly relate. They are plenty distasteful.” He lowered his voice as if sharing a deep secret. “Some don’t change their socks for weeks,” he announced.Tavaris made an odd, choking sound, but his eyes were bright. Good. Recently it was painful to watch him, and Zevran couldn’t help but feel guilty. If this man was able to cheer him up a bit, then Zev could be only grateful.“If you are about to go to find Senior Enchanter Uldred,” the Tranquil spoke, catching their attention again. “Then you might want to look for Apprentice Niall as well. He came here about an hour before Mage Daylen found me, looking for the Litany of Adralla.”Spawn looked at him, startled.“The Litany! Of course! Why didn’t you tell me about that earlier?” He asked.“I thought that this knowledge might push you to look for it by yourself, Enchanter,” Owain answered in his flat tone. “I didn’t think it was sensible for you to go alone like that.”“Of course I would go! This might be our chance!”“The Litany of Adralla, Daylen?” Wynne asked in dry tone. “Do you expect blood magic there?”Daylen — Spawn — scoffed.“Of course I expect blood magic! Uldred taught it to anyone interested if you wish to know. Said that it can be a powerful tool of our liberation!”“Oh, so we’re liberated now,” Wynne pursed her lips. “With the Right of Annulment incoming.”“Greagoir had sent for the Right?” Spawn looked at her in disbelief. “I knew this man has no spine, but this?”“As you helpfully noticed, we have maleficarum in the Tower, besides demons and abominations. In Chantry eyes that justifies killing us all, which could have been prevented!”“Would you explain to us what is that Litany?” Tavaris interrupted what was close to turning into a shouting match. “I think we might be slightly confused here.”“It was written by a very pious mage-scholar Adralla, with some help of Chantry sisters and Templars…”“It’s a spell protecting against mind control,” Spawn cut Wynne’s speech short. “Too long for anyone to remember it, that’s why the scrolls.”“That’s a crude way to put it, but yes, Daylen is right for once.” Wynne grimaced slightly.“Then, I guess we have to find it?”“Owain, do you have another copy in the archive?” Spawn turned to the Tranquil.“Unfortunately, Mage Daylen, all the copies have been checked out. I can give you the list of the people who took them if you wish.”“I don’t think it’s relevant now,” Daylen sighed. “I’ll bet they were all taken by Uldred’s followers.” Daylen was… fun. He was witty, lighthearted and flirted shamelessly with both Zevran and Tavaris. Zevran had to admit — he missed having fun people around. Tavaris, no matter how sweet and handsome, was still full of this anger and frustration and even at the best of times, getting him to relax and lighten up was an outstanding feat.Spawn, on the other hand, seemed one of those people who refused to bow to circumstances, finding pleasure in all the small things he could get.Zevran couldn’t help, but feel some kind of kinship with the mage. It was a tactic he wasn’t unfamiliar with.Currently his attention was focused on Zevran himself.“I must admit you look so good when stabbing things, I wouldn’t mind getting stabbed myself,” he grinned at the assassin. Zev smirked.“I had more commissions of this kind than you would believe.” He wiped his daggers clean. “There’s always a high demand for the men proficient with their blades.”“Bored ladies, perhaps, not happy with their husbands?” Spawn grinned.“Oh, and bored husbands, not happy with their wives. I am not picky when my services are needed.” Zev winked. With Tav giving him such mixed signals all the time he wouldn’t say no to a night of pleasure with the mage. “That would be cruel, would it not?”Spawn laughed, then bit the corner of his lip. “I’m glad to hear that you’re not a cruel man, as I would love to put your skills to a test, Zevran,” he purred. “Irving’s study is right to the left, why won’t you go with me to check if there’s anything there that requires a good stabbing?”Wynne opened her mouth, surely ready to make some scathing remark, but Tavaris was faster.“I don’t think you should go alone anywhere — it’s dangerous here and I wouldn’t want you to get hurt. You can have your stabbing skills test with all of us present.”He said it with a straight face, apparently not realizing any of the subtexts of the discussion. Zevran struggled hard to contain his laughter — Spawn didn’t even try.“Oh, while I would gladly have you join us, I am not sure if the rest would be pleased with that,” he said. “And, honestly, Senior Enchanter Wynne isn’t a person I would like to witness me in such a situation.”There was clear confusion on Tavaris’ face, but before he managed to ask more questions, Zevran cut in cheerfully.“Well, there is no use for us standing here and talking like fishwives from the Grand Market, we have some heroing to do, no? Saving the Circle and the damsels in distress… Or, at least the First Enchanter, if we will not find many damsels.”Spawn had raised one brow, looking a bit amused. Zevran just tilted his head in the direction of still flabbergasted Tav. Spawn’s brow rose even higher.“Sure, enchanters and damsels,” Tavaris repeated slowly. ”I wouldn’t put it that way, but whatever works.”Spawn smiled.“Nevertheless, I would recommend checking Irving’s study,” he said. “He might have his own copy of the Litany somewhere there.”Tavaris nodded.  “Lead the way.”“Ah, of course. I wouldn’t dare to deprive you of the enjoyment of watching my backside.”Zevran wasn’t sure if he felt more like groaning or chuckling. Spawn was laying it on very thick and given their earlier exchange, he was pretty sure he did it on purpose. In some ways Zevran was jealous — it took him much longer to figure out how thickheaded Tavaris could be.What was most surprising though was that Tav’s reaction when he finally caught up, wasn’t telling the ‘shem’ off — it was blushing and spluttering.It was a rather curios development, Zevran decided. He would expect sneering, frigid tone, bared teeth — not the cute blush he was currently witnessing.“It’s not… I don’t… I don’t know where.” Tavaris cleared his throat. “Where to go, I mean.”“Ah, of course.” Spawn smiled and winked at Tav, who reddened even more. Zevran really enjoyed that color on him — though, admittedly he would like it much more if he was allowed to participate. Right now it felt dangerously like being replaced and there was too much riding on Tavaris being willing to keep the Crows away from him.“This way,” the mage continued, gesturing to the right and leading them through the corridor.The study was miraculously free of any stray demons or abominations. It was also, unfortunately, free of any First Enchanters.Wynne frowned, honest worry appearing in her eyes.“I hoped we will find Irving here,” she said. “It would be a good place for him to defend himself.”Tavaris frowned. If the First Enchanter was lost… that was very bad news for everyone. Mages or not, Templars won’t let them out just the same — suddenly this realization hit Zevran with a new strength. The fate of Ferelden — and more immediately, Zevran’s fate —hung on the narrow hope that the mage was alive. Even as ridiculously awesome as they were it was anyone’s guess how long they would be able to fight against the templar reinforcements.“Well, there are surely other places where we can find him,” Tavaris said. “We’re only on the second floor of the Tower.”“I hope so.” The expression on Wynne’s face was far from hopeful. “If we fail… We can’t fail. We can’t fail the children.”Tav’s expression softened  instantly.“We won’t fail the children,” he said, his tone surprisingly gentle. “I will make sure of that.”Zevran raised a brow, but didn’t comment. While the fact that Tavaris cared about children wasn’t surprising — the man had a protective streak a mile wide, after all — most of the children they saw in the apprentices’ quarters were human. But, apparently, druffalos would fly today — Spawn still had all his teeth intact after all.Wynne looked at Tavaris carefully, as if seeking something in his face. Finally she nodded.“Thank you. I will trust you on that.”The young elf nodded seriously.“Let’s look for that Litany then.”They rummaged through shelves and coffers, though in fact, only the mages had any idea what they were looking for. At some point the assassin saw Tavaris pocketing a small book, but he was pretty sure it wasn’t the Litany.Spawn froze the lock on one of the chests and hit it with the blade of his staff. The lock broke into pieces as if it was made of glass  — Zevran didn’t want to even consider what the spell really was, but it saved him from pretending that he still could pick locks.Spawn opened the chest and looked through its contents.“Nothing here as well,” he said with a heavy sight. “No Litany, at least.”“I think we have looked everywhere,” Aliistair almost whined. Zevran could sympathize. “You said it will be here.”“I said it might be here,” Spawn sighed. “I didn’t know for sure. But it seems to me that we will need to find one of the copies Uldred’s allies took.”“And how are we going to do that if they have both mind-controlling magic and scrolls that protect you against mind-controlling magic?”Spawn’s grin turned a bit sheepish.“Depends on how good they are with the mind-controlling magic?” 



Lost in Dreams
Chapter Notes
As usual thanks to my dear Rosehip for beta-ing this chapter. 
And sorry for not replying to your comments. I read every single one, I treasure them, the life just has been a bit exhausting. I'll try to do better!



They pushed forward, cutting their way through throngs of enemies. It was bloody, tiring work that seemed to have no end. Zevran felt thoroughly caked in blood, grime and the weird, magic residue he smelled every time he was exposed to extensive use of magic. To keep his spirits high he stole glances at his companions, whenever he could spare some attention.
Even despite the awkward robes Spawn was a sight to behold in the fight. The way he moved with his staff, the easy control he had over the fountains of fire and ice he summoned, brilliant smiles whenever an abomination burned to dust — that all made Zevran look into his direction more than he should. He noticed that Tavaris also was stealing shy glances towards the mage. It was growing pretty obvious that he was attracted to the human.
Not that Zevran would blame him — Spawn’s moves were graceful and powerful and filled with so much easy joy it was hypnotizing. Even a bit too much, he noted, barely escaping a blow into his head. He didn’t dare to use his abilities around two newly met Circle mages, so  he had to dodge the blow in a more mundane way — hitting his knee painfully in the process as he slipped on a pool of blood.
 A flickering dome rose around him, blocking in the last moment a ball of fire aimed at his back. He had no chances to dodge that while so unbalanced. Spawn seemed to know it as well as he sent him a cocky smile.
“Be careful, Zevran!” He quipped — he pronounced his name correctly, with the accent on the last syllable. Since he arrived in Ferelden the only person to pay attention to that was Tavaris. “You’re hot enough without being set on fire!”
Zevran chuckled, jumping to his feet and whirling to cut down a walking corpse summoned by one of the abominations. His blades cut through the cadaver like through paper and the corpse fell down to the stone floor.
He looked around, searching for another enemy, just to realize this was the last one. Wynne was healing a cut on Alistair’s shoulder and Tavaris was picking up his arrows. Spawn moved to assist him with a wide grin, making tally of enemies felled by elemental magic and Tav’s bow.
“It seems you were  ahead of me this time,” he said, offering Tavaris the gathered bundle. Tavaris grabbed his arrows, blushing for some reason and threw them into his quiver.
“Thank you,” he said quietly, then cleared his throat. “You weren’t half bad yourself.”
Was there a stolen touch? Zevran swallowed the feeling of rejection — it was absurd after all these days. Tavaris wasn’t going to send him back to the Crows — he did prove himself useful after all. Hopefully.
“Hear that, Senior Enchanter?” Spawn grinned. “The Grey Warden thinks I’m not half bad — how’s that for such a ne’er-do-well as myself?”
“I have never called you that, Daylen,” she answered calmly.
“Well, I remember otherwise. And I was ‘trouble’ apparently.” He was still grinning.
“I never said you weren’t talented, Daylen,” Wynne’s tone turned sour. “I just worried that you’re going to get in trouble. Considering your association with Uldred, I wasn’t wrong.”
Spawn fluttered his eyelashes, a picture of innocence.
“You told me that I should respect my elders, Senior Enchanter. I took your words to heart. How was I supposed to know that Senior Enchanter Uldred is the Evil Senior Enchanter?”
Wynne scoffed, the healing light under her fingers flashing from her annoyance.
“Don’t play stupid with me, Daylen, I know you too well for that.”
“And here I thought I was too stupid to decide what’s good for me,” he raised one eyebrow — there was obviously some history behind his words which he didn’t find necessary to elaborate on.
Wynne pursed her lips, ignoring Spawn’s provocation.
“Remember, dear, that you have your armor damaged on the shoulder,” she turned to Alistair — with him, her tone was motherly and warm. “Be careful with that.”
“Thank you, Wynne,” Alistair picked up his shield. Tavaris was still staring at Spawn when he thought nobody would notice.
Zevran understood. A threesome with both of them was quite a tempting idea, if he could make that happen…
…He couldn’t. Tavaris wasn’t interested anymore and he deeply doubted that he would be able to overcome his Dalish prudishness to this extent. It was already unbelievable that he looked with such a hungry expression at a human.
“Everyone ready to go?” The hunter asked, gathering his composure. Spawn smiled at him.
“If you just give me a moment…” He said and turned into the room from which the last batch of abominations came out. Tav’s  eyes widened a bit and he hurried after the mage, already nocking a new arrow. Zevran highly doubted there was another enemy in there — especially one with which Spawn couldn’t deal by himself — but he followed.
The chamber looked like every other chamber they saw so far: plain, single bed now completely destroyed, a simple nightstand, wardrobe, desk and shelf. There probably was a chair before, but now all that was left was a scrap of wood that probably could have been a chair’s leg. One tall, but very narrow, barred window was the only source of the light and the walls were bare. Single door on the wall to the left probably led to a shared bathing room in a similar arrangement to the rooms they saw earlier.
“You don’t have to watch my every step,” Daylen laughed, looking over the mattress on the broken bed. “Could any of you lend me a knife?”
Zevran raised his brow curiously, but offered one of his daggers without a single word. Spawn nodded with a smile and sliced the mattress. Once the hole was big enough to his liking, he reached into it, searching for something.
“Ah, here they are!” He pulled out a little bag. It was Tavaris’ turn to raise his brows.
Spawn shrugged in answer, untying the strings and pulling out a cookie. Zevran chuckled.
“What?” Spawn asked. “It’s not like Hallin is going to need it anymore.” He bit into the treat and reached into the mattress again. This time he pulled out something much smaller and tossed it to Tavaris.
It required rogue reflexes to catch the item — even Tavaris, with his quick hands, barely managed to not drop it. He rolled it between his fingers, looking at Spawn in question. In his hand was a simple ring without even a stone.
“Hallin’s mother was Dalish,” the mage explained. “He said she used this ring to heighten her focus in the fight — she was an archer, like you. It is heavily infused with lyrium, so it probably works. Thought you might have a better use for that than a dead mage.” At the end his tone turned more bitter, but in short moment he was smiling at them again. “If you want cookies, though, you must go through me.”
Tavaris smiled, slipping the ring on his finger.
“Thank you, Spawn,” he said, then bit the corner of his lip. A light blush appeared high on his cheeks. “Is there…” He started haltingly, then cleared his throat. “Is there anything I can do to convince you otherwise, regarding the cookies?” Zevran could guess it wasn’t supposed to sound so businesslike, but he wasn’t sure if Spawn could read the intention.
The mage laughed, dangling the bag of cookies in front of Tavaris — a bit over his head, though not outside his reach.
“From such a charming fellow as you?” He gave Tav one of these crooked smiles. “I might trade one for a kiss.”
So he read the intentions just fine. Zevran inhaled quietly, suddenly rather annoyed.
“I will wait with the others,” he said holding his hand to Spawn to get his dagger back. The mage returned it with a flourish.
“Thank you for the assistance, Zevran,” he said. “If you’d like to get any… payment for it as well… You know where to find me.” He winked.
Zevran smiled, trying to stomp his irritation. There was no reason for that — Spawn was being playful and friendly and Zevran could see perfectly well why Tavaris would enjoy that, especially given that pretty smile.
As he was leaving he saw in the corner of the eye Tav raising on his toes to reach up to Spawn, heard mage’s low chuckle.
That was absolutely fine.
“What are they doing there?” Alistair asked, when Zevran came back to the rest of the group.
“Raiding other mages’ stashes. I think Spawn found some cookies.”
Wynne pursed her lips in disapproval. To Zevran that woman looked as if she never had fun once in her life.
“That’s inappropriate,” she commented. “And a waste of time. Irving counts on us.”
“As far as I know the First Enchanter isn’t even aware that he has such dashing rescue party incoming,” Zevran noted. “Saying he counts on us might be a stretch.”
“I don’t think if him being aware of us coming was in any way relevant, Zevran.”
The assassin shrugged.
“I am not going to interrupt them. Tavaris had a difficult time lately, if he needs to grab some cookies on his way, then so be it.”
As on the clue, Tavaris and Spawn emerged from the side room — the archer flushed, with his hair mussed and, of course, biting on a cookie. The mage wasn’t in much better condition himself with his pupils blown and his robe rumpled at the front.
 “What are you looking at?” Tavaris raised a brow when all the eyes turned to the two of them. “I think we should get going.”
 
Cutting their way through the next three floors was exhausting. By the time they reached the sixth level Zevran hurt all over — as such, he wasn’t even very surprised, when his first reaction to seeing an abomination — or a demon — with a very soothing voice was a deep desire to curl into himself on the floor and go to sleep. The man sleeping at the creature’s feet looked so peaceful.
Zevran would love to achieve such peace himself. He yawned, looking at the sleeping form of a human mage and then at the abomination-shaped creature, which, instead of throwing balls of fire at them, droned in this pleasant, calming, relaxing manner. Zevran honestly needed rest so desperately, but he had not realized it until now.
What use was all this running and fighting, when he could just lie down, relax and forget. Maybe with Tavaris in his arms.
The thought of hiding his face in that curtain of golden hair and going to sleep was tempting. He would like nothing more…
…he was in the Tower of Magi, overrun with demons. Whatever his sleepiness was, it had to be vile sorcery. He had to resist…
But what for, if there was his charming lover in his arms, stretching languidly and barely avoiding hitting him in the face. Zevran smirked, placing a light kiss on Tav’s nose. There were side effects of saving the world he didn’t expect; Tavaris’ playful nature started to shine through now that he wasn’t burdened with such heavy responsibilities; and the Crows letting him go as a reward for being an accomplice in the whole world-saving business.
It was good to finally be able to rest without constantly looking over his shoulder…
…Zevran startled. This wasn’t a thing the Crows would do. Blight or not, traitors and failures had to be punished or the whole organization would crumble. There could be no exceptions.
And Tavaris didn’t want to share his bed with him anymore.
The creature pretending to be Tavaris shifted in his arms.
“You’re tense, vhenan,” it purred. “And I still can walk. Why not fix both of these problems now?”
“Hey, wait with that for me, chicos!” The wraith with Rinna’s face called from the kitchenette. “I’m not getting left out again!”
Zevran sighed and gave the demon a sad smile.
“I would gladly succumb to your illusions, demon,” he said with the deepest regret. “But you’re making mistakes that won’t let me believe. I need to go.”
 The creature lost Tav’s face, hissing.
“Ungrateful mortal,” it said. “I had given you your heart’s deepest desire and you throw it in my face? I will give you a dream you will believe in.”
“Ah, and that was your…
…mistake,” he said cheerfully, his grin almost a grimace. His joints felt as if they were to pop in a second — they probably would — but he couldn’t show his pain. Let them know you feel like dying and they will actually grant your wish.
Zevran knew that, he saw the bodies taken out of the testing chamber. He wouldn’t become one of them. He wouldn’t.
He had put too much work in surviving so far for it to go to waste, no?
“Left is my better side — and I won’t be half as useful with my good profile ruined,” he quipped, seeing as one of his tormentors picked a hot — so hot it glowed — branding iron. He tried to rationalize: they couldn’t ruin him for the sake of the test, he had cost them too much — there had to be a spirit healer waiting for him nearby. But it was hard to focus with his limbs stretched impossibly and with the branding iron so close to his face.
“Did you hear it?” One of his tormentors — a full Crow from a different house, he didn’t know the guy’s name — “It assumes it was ever useful. What do you say?”
“It hasn’t broken yet, we will fix it.” The second one turned the crank another half a turn further. Zevran felt his elbow tear under the pressure.
He gave out a short yelp of pain, masking it immediately with fake laugh.
“That’s… all you have?” He asked, blinking tears out of his eyes. “I’m disappointed.”
His right elbow was made of pure pain. It radiated through his whole arm, burning, as if it switched places with one of the branding irons still in the fireplace.
“Zevran?” He heard a familiar voice. He blinked. He wasn’t supposed to have a name today.
“Zevran! Snap out of it,” Tavaris sounded frantic.
“I… can’t…” There was something wrong about the situation. Tavaris didn’t fit. “It’s my final test,” he said. One of them, but that needn’t be said. “If I pass, I will become a Crow.” Tavaris was a good guy. He deserved an explanation.
“It still can talk,” one of his tormentors remarked. “Let’s tear its tongue out,” he suggested.
“Zevran,” Tavaris didn’t give up. He was going to ruin it, sounding so frightened. Apparently, Zevran couldn’t stand him being frightened. “Zevran, you are a Crow already,” he pleaded. “It’s just a dream. Bad dream.”
Zevran blinked.
It didn’t make sense, here he was, proving he can withstand pain. It was his test. But he met Tavaris as a Crow. He met Tavaris because he was his mark, on a contract he had bid for.
You didn’t bid for contracts if you were an apprentice.
But the rack, the test, the branding iron…
His head swam, overwhelmed by contradictory memories.
“He’s going to ruin it,” one of the torturers snarled, drawing his blades. “He’s interrupting the Apogeo!”
“We can’t let him!”
Zevran couldn’t allow that – he would allow his tormentors do anything to him; that was his test. But Tav couldn’t be harmed in the process. He couldn’t.
He struggled against his restraints — Tavaris was there, facing two fully trained Crows with only his arrows. He was a great archer, but how long could he keep his distance?
It was a dream, he said. It was a dream.
Suddenly it hit him with clarity, as he rapidly sat up, the restraints dissolving in a blink of an eye. There was the demon and the feeling of deep exhaustion. They were in the Tower, saving the mages and the world. There was no Apogeo, no tests and no sweet, languid mornings in Antivan sun.
And here was Tavaris, fighting off his attackers. He had discarded his bow, jabbing one of the wraiths with an arrow and drawing on his blades; but he had no chance. The wraiths fought like Crows, swiftly, cunningly, and Tavaris was clumsy with daggers in comparison.
Zevran shook off the last veneer of dream, drawing his own weapons and sprinting to cut one of the creatures’ tendons.
It toppled back, turning into a shapeless form, so Zevran stabbed once again through the middle and once more for good measure. Tavaris eyes were wide as he strained to parry the flurry of blades. Zevran pulled his blade out — and pulled on the blood from the small cut on Tav’s cheek. Tav staggered back, avoiding what would be an incapacitating cut through his chest and Zevran suddenly appeared behind the wraith jabbing both his blades into its back.
Tav looked at Zevran in bewilderment, clutching the wound. It wasn’t a pleasant experience, having your blood drawn this way, but Zev felt only partially guilty. He shouldn’t have done that without Tav’s permission, but this wouldn’t end well if he hadn’t wrapped the space around himself to kill the attacker.
“I am sorry, my Warden,” he said. “That wasn’t something I would do if I didn’t fear for your life.”
Tavaris blinked slowly, lowering his hand reluctantly.
“It’s… fine.” He didn’t look fine. “I was just surprised.”
“I shouldn’t…” have done that to you, he wanted to say, but suddenly Tavaris started to blur and disappear in the front of his eyes.
“Wait!” He reached out to grab only mist. “Where are you going?”
 
Tavaris was gone, Maker only knows where. Zevran finally calmed down enough to look at his surroundings. It was… blurry. The very air seemed to move and each time he turned around he saw something completely different.
He seemed to be on an island of sorts, though, or maybe on islands? It changed shapes and colors fluidly; the only constant being a yellowish-green sky and a floating, black island in the middle of it.
Black City, his mind supplied. They say you can always see the Black City in the Fade. But did it mean he was in the Fade? That wasn’t supposed to happen, that was the place where only the mages went – or at least went and stayed aware of their surroundings.
But that would explain why Tavaris has disappeared so. He had to find him — mages said that you could will the Fade into the shape you desired. He wasn’t a mage, in any way that counted, but it was worth a try. Anything was worth a try, unless he was to get stuck here, in this weird place outside the time.
He turned around, seeking some solution, only to be greeted by a completely different horizon than moments ago. Another look, another scenery.
I want to find Tavaris, he thought at the world, as clearly as he could — he had no idea how to make a thought clear.
He turned around to find nothing, just another shoreline under the same sky. He was going to try again, when he noticed a slope to his right and there, at the end of the path, stood Tavaris. Before him stood a beast born of nightmares.
He could ask for explanations later.
As he run towards his companions, Wynne popped into existence close to them and then, when he almost reached the mages, Alistair — as the luck would have it, exactly on the opposite side of what must have been the demon that caught them. If he could get the demon’s attention that gave them a chance to flank it.
Tavaris looked weary — much more weary than moments ago when he found Zevran — but he smiled at his approach, though he never completely took his eyes from the monster.
“I want nothing you offer, demon,” he said calmly. “Let us go.”
“Well, I would have nothing against these lascivious wood nymphs,” Zevran quipped — hoping that Tavaris would take a hint and keep what he saw private. It was shameful that he had succumbed so easily; and no-one needed to know what he dreamt of, anyway.
“I gave you your hearts deepest desires; I have given you peace and rest and that’s how you repay me?” The demon was lisping, a detail some detached part of Zevran’s brain found rather curious.
“You missed the mark with me, demon. And even if you got it right… I would like a real deal, not a feeble illusion.” He glanced in Zevran’s direction briefly losing his focus on the demon.
“Then the playtime is over,” the monster announced, suddenly taking a shape of an ogre and smashing the huge fist into ribs of the distracted elf. Zevran couldn’t help but cry in fear, seeing the giant paw slam into the small archer. Tavaris wasn’t built for that. He wasn’t built for that at all.
He didn’t even realize when he started sprinting towards the beast, his daggers already at ready. The beast roared, grabbing Tavaris around the middle and squeezing before it tossed him away like a ragdoll. The young man fell on a vein of lyrium nearby and stayed there, unmoving.
Zevran couldn’t check on him, not with the demon-ogre turning its attention to him. He dodged a sweeping hit of the paw and barely kept his balance when the monster roared at him, sending drops of spit and overwhelming scent on his face. Slightly deafened, he had just a moment to think that he was going to be next, when Alistair came from the left, yelling and pounding his sword against his shield.
That got  the demon’s attention. Zevran waited until it turned, before diving down to cut its tendons. Thankfully demon-ogres worked exactly like a real deal. The beast fell to its knees, allowing Alistair to push a sword through its eyes. It stilled, fell then dissolved into a mist that took a shape of an ash wraith.

Braska!

That changed everything. If he couldn’t trust the enemy to stay dead…
Alistair roared and charged, apparently above such deliberations. A huge fist made of the fade-rock, hit the wraith, making him dissolve for a moment. It could have been a wishful thinking, but Zevran could swear that what came back was slightly less corporeal than before.  Spawn — when did he arrive here?— sent a bright ball of fire and then jumped into the fray, slashing with his staff blade.
Still, Zev wasn’t made for withstanding prolonged battles that required lots of stamina. His strengths lay in his speed, bloodskills — which he couldn’t use around Wynne and Spawn — and the poison coating on his blades.
The demon seemed to realize that as well and turned to Zevran, intent on eliminating him first. The assassin dodged a hit, then another — but he couldn’t do it indefinitely, not with the wraith’s attention focused only on him.
Alistair and the mages were trying to distract him, to allow Zev time to slip away, but the demon was relentless in its pursuit. Trapped between a fade-rock and the gaping jaws of the wraith he suddenly regretted not asking what would happen if he died in the Fade.
A well-aimed arrow pierced one of the jaws, dispelling the wraith. The mist moved, taking another shape, but Zevran was already running away, prompted by Tav’s yell. His Warden sounded terrified, even though Zevran wasted no time on getting away.
The sound, though, spurred the demon into action, and as it took its new shape it flew promptly after Zevran, for some reason intent on getting to him first.
Thankfully in its pursuit it forgot to pay attention to the rest of them. Zevran couldn’t really see what they did, focused on dodging around the fade-rocks that helpfully started to grow between him and the demon, but he registered the barrage of arrows, Alistair’s yelling… and the huge explosion that tore the monster into pieces.
For some reason scraps of the demon flew in the fade-air like feathers on the wind.
Zevran looked over the fade-rock he hid behind.  Tavaris looked relieved, Spawn smug and Wynne had her brows knitted in a suspicious expression. Alistair looked around with…
…Zevran awoke with a gasp. 
He was lying on the dirty floor of the tower, fleshy growth — or maybe just bodies beaten into pulp and piled together — in the front of his face. The stench was overwhelming — how could he ever fell asleep here? The demon was gone, but there was a body where it stood, the only one that wasn’t yet mangled.
He sat up, groggily rubbing his eyes. Few paces away Alistair stirred then sat upright, eyes wide. “Where am I?” He asked in a high pitched voice.
“The tower of Magi,” Zevran answered, hoping that nothing would find them now, that they were still dazed with sleep. He wasn’t in any shape to fight now.
The next one to wake up was Wynne — she sat up with that pinched expression of hers, straightening her robes carefully — though the exercise seemed rather futile, given the amount of dust, ash and blood covering  them by now. She didn’t speak, at least not until Spawn yawned, slowly raising on his elbows to survey the area and falling back with a loud groan once he realized what had happened.
“You see, Daylen, that’s what happens when you try to overthrow the existing order with violence,” she said. “We wouldn’t have this problem if Libertarians simply tried to talk.”
“Not now, Wynne,” Spawn huffed. “Though how you miss the fact that talking had never helped, it’s beyond me.”
There was one alarming thing, though.
“What about Tavaris?” Zevran asked. “He should wake up by now, shouldn’t he?” The question was directed at mages, but Alistair stood up and went where the small elf was lying, the closest to the fleshy mass and the corpse.
“He seems to be simply sleeping…” He said. “Though I don’t think it matters much.”
“He managed to shake off the dream the demon created for him and traverse its demesne despite not being a mage,” Daylen said quietly, though in his eyes that flickered to Tav’s prone form, Zevran saw a hint of anxiety.
“Despite his other shortcomings, it seems that his mind is exceptionally strong,” Wynne confirmed. Instead of feeling reassured, Zevran saw red.
“Other shortcomings, you said? I don’t think he would appreciate you picking at his height,” he started innocently. “Since you cannot really blame him for not appreciating your ample bosom, Wynne, even as majestic as it is.” He gave her a lecherous smile. “Though I am pretty sure I would be converted by its sight, were I gay.”
“You aren’t?” Alistair blurted, ignored by everyone. Wynne looked at Zevran in disapproval — again!
“Weren’t you worried about your friend, young man? Is this really the best time for these juvenile jokes?”
Zevran was worried. Terribly. More than he’d like to admit.
And that made it a perfect time for awful, juvenile jokes.
Before he managed to came up with another embarrassing quip, Tavaris sat up, gasping and looking around in a groggy bewilderment.
“The Litany,” he managed to say. “The Litany’s on Niall’s body.”
 The sense of relief that washed through Zevran’s body was orgasmic.
Spawn stiffened.
“So… he didn’t make it?” He asked, his voice stifled. In an instant he lost his bright, youthful demeanor. His face fell and he swallowed loudly, blinking as if he tried to contain his tears.
“Was he someone close to you?” Tavaris asked gently, looking much more alert now that he realized the impact of his words.
“We’re all close to each other in the Circle,” Spawn answered, but there was no smile in his voice, even if he tried. “It’s a too small place to get any proper distance.”
The answer felt layered and Zevran sensed that Spawn was avoiding the answer. Niall was someone special to him.
He could take a hint though — he hoped that Tav could too. No such luck.
“I think it doesn’t answer my question,”  he blurted out, apparently proud of himself at catching the ambiguity. Zevran cleared his throat.
“Dear Warden, do you feel strong enough to scout ahead with me?” He asked with a pleasant smile. Whoever Niall was, Spawn deserved a few moments to himself. He might be handling it well, but Zev saw too many people stricken with grief to not recognize that.
“Why, yes, of course, Zevran,” Tavaris stood up, picking up his bow from where it lay on the floor.
First thing Zevran did after entering the corridor behind the chamber was to scan the surroundings for any demons. Thankfully the area was clear.
“I’m not very good at hiding in buildings,” Tavaris said quietly. “So you probably didn’t want me to actually scout with you.”
Thank the Maker for the small blessings.
“I just thought, my dear Warden, that you probably don’t want to aggravate Spawn,” he answered smoothly. “I apologize if I am out of line but it seems to me that you like him and if you pressed further with this line of questioning, then probably you would.” He paused, unsure if he should have started the topic at all.
Tavaris looked at him flatly. Zevran suddenly started to feel anxious. What if he pissed Tav off too much? Would he tell him to leave; would he alert the Crows…?
“He didn’t want to answer,” Tavaris said suddenly, grimacing and smacking his forehead. “He didn’t want to answer, that’s why it got weird… Creators, I’m such an idiot sometimes.” He turned his head up, looking at Zevran with soft, vulnerable expression.
“Thank you for dragging me away before I managed to put even more of my foot in my mouth.”
Even dirty, tired and with his hair mussed, with this expression he looked beautiful and Zevran had hard time to not dive into a kiss as he would not so long ago. Habits die hard, apparently even if they are born in such a short time.
“Why Spawn?” He blurted, trying to stop himself from giving into that urge. “He’s a human; not someone I’d expect—” and here he was, trying to avoid one disaster while jumping headfirst into another.
Tavaris took a step back, frowning.
“Why are you interested?” He asked, crossing his arms on his chest. “I don’t have any obligation to explain to you why I kissed someone.”
Zevran raised his hands in a defensive gesture.
“I am sorry, I should not have asked, it was not my place to do so. But just to make it clear — I wasn’t expecting a justification. I am just curious: why a human with your obvious dislike towards them.”
“He has weird ears, that’s true, but he has a nice smile too,” Tavaris answered. “And  he’s a mage. I don’t think other shems think of him as one of them, so I won’t either.”
“Fair enough. Forgive me my intrusiveness; it was uncalled for.”
Tavaris nodded.
“Apology accepted, Zevran.” He paused, cleared his throat and squared his shoulders. “Though I would appreciate if you kept your curiosity regarding my private affairs to yourself in the future.” The formality he forced on himself ill-fitted him; Zevran should give him some pointers at a more convenient time. Still, the fact that he felt the need for that stiff distance — it stung a bit.
“Of course, my Warden,” he smiled and nodded. “Now, how about we get back to slaying demons?”



Harrowing
Chapter Notes
Sorry for the long wait! Unfortunately - life.Also thank you all for the comments. Sorry I haven't answered - I wasn't in the right mindset to do so for a long time - but I've read and cherished every one of them. Thank you!



They went back to slaying demons.The last abomination fell to the ground and Spawn exhaled loudly, leaning against his staff. Even though he was quite fit for a mage, his stamina still wasn’t the greatest. Tavaris smiled at him, unfastening his waterskin from his belt and offered it to him. Spawn took it gratefully, with a big, bright smile and drunk deeply.His smile disappeared in an instant, though, when he returned water and looked at Alistair.“I’ve been watching you for a while. You hold your shield like a Templar,” he said, the accusation in his tone clear.Alistair frowned, looking as if he had problem understanding where this statement has come from.“I was trained as one,” he said slowly, as if unsure what is the correct answer. Zevran didn’t need to see the stiff set of Spawn’s shoulders to know that this wasn’t the one.“Do not worry, dear Spawn,” he interrupted, intent on fixing the mistake. “They did kick him out before he learned how to smite,” he said in a reassuring tone. “He’s harmless as a Templar, much better as a Warden.”“We need someone to draw attention of the ogres,” Tavaris added with a half-smile. “For some reason they are pretty attracted to him.” He lowered his voice. “It might be his templar socks.”“Hey! I’ve heard it!” Alistair protested.“Good. Maybe you’ll wash them before the stink will kill us all.” Tavaris was grinning. Zevran couldn’t really sort out the feelings it gave him. He was happy, so very happy to see him smile and joke again — but there was some unpleasant, darker streak of disappointment he couldn’t pinpoint.“That would be a tragic end,” Spawn chimed in. “Imagine, whole Ferelden lost to the Blight because one Warden had templar habits.” Tavaris almost folded in half, shaking in laughter.Wynne looked at them from where she was leaning on her staff, the embodiment of disapproval in her tight bun, plain robes and severe expression.“Right now, I expect that the tragic end of Ferelden will be you two luring here more abominations than we can handle with your disrespectful jokes.”Tavaris started to wheeze. Zevran didn’t thought that the situation was so funny.“Do… abominations… like… diss… disrespectful… jokes?” He coughed out.Spawn shrugged, trying to keep straight face.“I dunno. But I like them and I’ve been told I am prime abomination material.”“Daylen!” Wynne looked at him in shock. “Don’t you even say such things!”Spawn shrugged.“You’re not my teacher anymore and they will probably make me Tranquil once I deal with Uldred,” he said, suddenly losing the levity of his tone. “I will say anything I fancy while I can fancy anything.”Tavaris turned to him, his eyes wide open.“What?” He asked, flabbergasted. “Why would they do that thing to you?” Spawn grimaced.“Ask the Senior Enchanter. She’s the one with all the excuses.”“Daylen…” Wynne’s voice again took this persuading, teaching note. “If you prove you aren’t a maleficar, they won’t do anything worse than putting you in solitary for a while.”“What? Another year? Two? And how, pray tell, am I supposed to prove that I am not a maleficar?”There was something in his tone that made Zevran suspect that it wasn’t about proving non-existence of a skill (a task absurd enough) but proving that he didn’t have skill he actually had.“What?” Tavaris interjected, his bright smile turning into an angry frown. “You can’t mean it. Ripping his soul out? The good option being a year in solitude? What barbaric practices are that?”“Dear Warden, I understand your…”  Wynne started, just to be interrupted by Spawn.“Well, that’s the Circle. But if you don’t mind, I would prefer spend my last enjoyable moments on goofing around and exploding monsters, rather than of discussing my imminent punishment.”“Wait a moment,” Tavaris raised his hand. “Alistair… There’s this conscription right, isn’t it? Can templars refuse us if we invoke it?”Alistair frowned.“Usually it’s something that only high ranking Wardens can do…”A grimace appeared on the hunter’s face.“And who is high ranking now, that there’s only two of us in the country?”The Templar shrugged.“For all that I know we can probably assume that you are even the interim Commander, I guess…”At that Tavaris beamed again, turning to Spawn.“So, how would you like becoming a Grey Warden?” He asked. “We could use another one, especially a good mage.”The mage blinked, taking a while to process the offer.“Me. A Grey Warden.” He said flatly. “And I would be free to leave. And never come back again. And travel. Walk outside when a fancy strikes me. And all of that without looking over my shoulder constantly.”“Well, that would involve also lot of fighting Darkspawn. And grisly death at some point,” Tavaris offered helpfully. “And a few other things I can’t really disclose right now. But yes, basically that’s what I offer.”“I don’t think Daylen is the best person you could make this offer to,” Wynne interrupted. “He’s young, irresponsib…”“If you don’t mind, leave Warden business to the Wardens,” Tav interrupted her, not even trying to be polite anymore, then turned to Spawn. “So, if you need time…”Spawn shook his head, as if woken from a trance.“No!” He almost shouted, then cleared his throat. “I mean. No,” he added, this time in his normal voice. “I want out. I really want out and I can fight Darkspawn and die a grisly death if that means that I would leave. If you only manage to convince Greagoir, then I am going to be in your debt forever.”Tavaris shrugged, his expression turning impish.“Don’t mention it. I’ve got a good feeling about having you…” he cleared his throat and added, as an afterthought. “On the roster.” “The stairs to the Harrowing Chamber are just behind these doors,” Spawn announced, weirdly chipper for someone who just cut through hordes of demons, abominations and possessed templars and mages in what used to be the only home he’d ever know. He limped a bit, but waved Wynne’s healing magic off, claiming he didn’t need a good leg for spellcasting and she needed to reserve her strength for the first-line fighters.He was probably right — the further they went, the more tired they were and the more close calls they had. Wynne’s magic being the only thing that saved Alistair’s shield arm and Zevran’s knee.Tavaris sighed, leaning against his bow — something he never did — then caught himself and stood straight, taking his weight away from the weapon.“We need rest before we get up there,” he said. “I don’t know about you, but my fingers will start to bleed soon, and I’ve been shooting since I was four.”“We need to find Irving before he gets hurt,” Wynne protested. “Time isn’t our friend here.”“It isn’t,” Tav agreed. “But neither is the exhaustion. How many of these healing spells and stone fists have you still in you? How many of these nifty fire balls has Spawn? Alistair’s shield is drooping. Zevran is getting slower. Go in like this and we’ll probably get killed. Is that what you’re aiming for?”She sighed, but finally nodded.“Alright. I have more of these spells in me than you might imagine, but chances that we will talk Uldred into reason are low. I will help you with some restoration magic.”Tavaris narrowed his eyes at her, but nodded.“Fine. But I don’t want you collapsing in the middle of the fight.”“I’m made of sterner stuff than you might even suspect, young man. Don’t worry about me.”Tav shrugged.“Just don’t use these restoring spells on me. It’s going to just make things worse.”“Warden, you could use some…”“I’m allergic,” he cut out. “Magic, especially healing magic, makes me sick for some reason.” Wynne gave him a doubtful look, but nodded.“I don’t remember you getting sick from the Ashes, my dear Warden,” Zevran cut in, genuinely curious.“I didn’t feel too well after them,” Tavaris admitted. “Not as bad as usual, but it still was there.”“Well, if we’re to rest, how about now? I admit, I am eager to go up there, so the sooner we end resting, the happier I will be,” Spawn said from where he already sat under the wall.“Get close together then,” Wynne said, already starting to weave a spell. Tavaris moved away from the spell and the rest of them huddled together. Spawn flinched away from Alistair, so Zevran sat between them, making for a living buffer between the mage and the templar.Soft light engulfed them, delicate magic tingling pleasantly under Zevran’s skin.“Try to take a nap if you can,” she advised. “Half a mark should give you as much energy as good night’s sleep,” Wynne said. When the spell’s light faded away, Tavaris joined them, sitting close — thighs touching — to Spawn and yawning.“Can’t say I don’t envy you that,” he remarked. “I would kill for good sleep.”Spawn smiled at him.“Kill Uldred and we all will get beds, I’m sure.”Tav yawned and nodded. They were all exhausted; Zevran didn’t even remember when he fell asleep. He woke up with a start, jostling Alistair, who leaned towards him in his sleep. On his right Tavaris wrapped his arms around Spawn, sleeping on his chest; he was going to be terribly embarrassed when he woke up.The mage snored a bit.Alistair yawned, waking up.“Is it now?” He asked in a bleary voice. Wynne, who was keeping guard when they slept, nodded, standing up.“I believe so. Daylen, Warden! It’s time to go.”Daylen yawned and shook Tavaris gently awake. The young elf looked awful with his red, puffy eyes and the deep shadows under them.“I feel like someone threw sand in my eyes,” he complained, before he realized that he was holding Spawn. He sat up rapidly, letting him go with a horrified expression. “I am sorry, I didn’t mean….”Spawn smiled at him.“It’s fine.” He stood up, swinging his staff and giving Tavaris hand. “It’s pleasant to have someone holding you in your sleep.” Tav’s eyes brightened, though he clearly was still tired.“I still shouldn’t behave like that… but thank you.”“If we’re done with sleeping and thanking, how about we get a move on?” Alistair suggested. “There are still maleficarum in this tower.”Zevran didn’t miss the way Spawn flinched.“Well, hard to argue with that. I believe that I promised jamming my staff into Uldred’s arse,” the mage grinned widely, though his eyes weren’t smiling as he looked at Alistair. Alistair didn’t notice.“Great,” Tavaris yawned. “Let’s go then.” Spawn opened the door, staff at ready… and froze in the doorway. Tavaris pushed right behind him, his bow raised.Zevran cursed soundlessly. He had to have a talk with the tiny archer about letting  big, armored, shield-bearing humans to go first on an unrecognized terrain. He simply couldn’t keep doing that.Thankfully, there was no sound of fight, and  Zevran followed next. The room was empty, save for the staircase — expected — and a big ball of light, which held a young man with curly hair wearing a ruined templar armor.Spawn was staring at him with an expression that was hard to decipher.“Go away, demons!” The man in the light cage howled.“You know him,” Tavaris said quietly. Spawn  rolled his eyes.“Of course, I know him. I spent my whole life in this Tower.” He turned to the templar. “Cullen, it’s me, Daylen.”“Go away demon!” The boy — Cullen — closed his eyes. “Go away!”“Cullen, yes?” Tavaris tried. “We’re not demons; we’re here to help.”Cullen opened his eyes.“That didn’t work. That always worked,” he seemed puzzled for a moment, but then shook his head. “Enough, demon! I won’t fall for your mind tricks.”“Cullen, dear boy, what they have done to you?” Zevran didn’t even notice as Wynne entered the room. “I promise you, this isn’t another mirage, we’re here, we’re real.”“Senior Enchanter Wynne?” A look of recognition run through his eyes. “But no! Wynne wouldn’t come in a company of a maleficar. She wouldn’t!”“What maleficar, Cullen? There are no blood mages here, dear.”“Him! Him!” The Templar pointed at Spawn. Spawn didn’t react, didn’t flinch — his stillness, in fact, was unnatural.“What are you talking about, Cullen? Daylen is no maleficar, dear. He’s a trouble child,” now Spawn grimaced slightly, “but he’s a good boy, even if meddlesome.”“I would appreciate, Wynne, if you didn’t speak of me as if I wasn’t present here. Or as if I was four years old.”“Hush, Daylen, you’re scaring him!”Spawn scoffed.“A terrified templar, oh cry me a river. He could use some of his own medicine for once.” “Have some compassion!”“I can’t, Anders took everything. Now, can we go up and kill Uldred instead of entertaining a templar in a cage? It’s not like we even can free him now.”“He might tell us something we don’t know, Spawn,” Tavaris suggested.“If you are real, kill all the mages! They are all tainted, all touched by demons!”“Like that?” Spawn asked in a bitter tone. “Or maybe you’re after my blood mage credentials? I am sure he’s ready to tell you everything you can imagine.” He fixed his grip on his staff. “Or we can go up, kill Uldred and finish up the whole cleanup once and for all.” “Don’t worry, what he says can’t influence the way I… we look at you,” it certainly could,  Zevran thought, looking at Alistair’s suspicious expression. “Let’s just make sure that the First Enchanter is there.”“If he’s alive he has to be,” Spawn huffed, crossing his arms on his chest. “Unless he’s a bloody pulp somewhere or one of the abominations we killed, we would find him by now if he was elsewhere.”“Irving!” Cullen howled. “Irving is there as well! As guilty as all of them! As tainted!”“Here you have your answer,” Spawn gestured to the caged templar. “Now, can we go?”Tavaris sighed.“Fine. Let’s go up.” He turned to the templar. “We will be back, I guess.”“If you hold anything holy, kill everything that is up there! That’s the only solution.”“Don’t do it,” Spawn protested, and at the same time Wynne said: “that might not be the best advice, Warden.”“Glad to see you finally getting along,” Zevran quipped.“They are family, Zevran,” Wynne said softly.“Ah, family! The most common target of Crow contracts,” the assassin grinned. “It’s truly fascinating how many people hate their families enough to pay a fortune to get rid of them — you’d be astonished by the records.”Spawn sighed.“They are the kind of family you don’t want to die,” he explained.“Ah, the rare kind. I’ve heard of those, but apparently they are as common as gryphons — some say they are not completely extinct.”Tavaris looked at him tiredly.“Can you save this talk for after we finish that? I really want to get some sleep.” The view that greeted them was nothing short of surreal. A short, balding man, surrounded on both sides by deformed abominations, stood over a man lying on the floor shooting into him rays of light that made him writhe in pain.“Are you ready to accept our gift?” The man in the middle asked, his tone calm as if he wasn’t torturing a man at the minute. The mage choked on his words.“Ye... Yes.”The streams of light changed their colors, and the mage rose in the air, lighting up like a flare. When he fell back to the floor, he wasn’t human anymore — the red skin barely covered twisted veins and unnatural muscle growths of an abomination.“Hasdel!” Spawn breathed in horror next to Zevran. “Hasdel!” He tore forward, his staff whirling, as he sent an enormous ball of fire into the balding mage. “You will pay, Uldred!”The man easily erected a barrier, on which the fireball faded and sizzled.“Spawn!” He exclaimed cordially. “My dear boy! I’m so glad to see you here. Have you reconsidered my offer? Certainly now, seeing the power I wield you must have second thoughts.”“You’re killing them! You’re turning them into monsters!” Zevran didn’t see his face now, but Spawn’s voice was thick from tears. He sent another fireball that uselessly disintegrated on Uldred’s barriers. “You are a monster!”“After all I gave you, all I taught you…” Uldred shook his head in a mock sadness. “You wound me, my boy. But you’re young and hotheaded and I am willing to forgive you. I will give you my gift, you will thank me later.”“Never!” Spawn snarled, this time sending into Uldred a powerful bolt of lightning. “I’m not going to become one of your toys. I will not let them turn them,” he gestured with his head to a group of mages, bound and huddled under the watch of more abominations. “Into that! You’ve taken enough of my family! Enough!”Two swift arrows flew in a rapid succession, burying themselves into skulls of the abominations that flanked Uldred. The monsters fell to the ground, disintegrating in a fiery explosions. The mage in the middle didn’t flinch.“We’ve heard enough, Uldred. This ends now,” Tavaris voice was calm and cold. He sent another arrow, this time straight into Uldred’s face.The barrier didn’t stop it, designed to hold off only magic missiles. It had almost reached its goal, when Uldred fade-stepped several feet away.The hell broke loose.“Daylen! Litany!” Wynne shouted, when bloody wisps of smoke started to raise from the fallen abominations, drifting towards Uldred and surrounding him with red mist.The young mage realized what he was doing — flinging useless spells against the magic barrier — and pulled the scroll from his belt, unravelling it in one energetic move. Tavaris turned to the abominations who guarded prisoners, and that currently moved from their post to join the fray. Zevran followed, running to one of the beasts and deeply slashing an arm raised to weave a spell. The beast’s face was impassive, but the arm fell uselessly as Zevran used his momentum to slash at the abomination’s throat. The monster fell, but before it died it managed to release all the power gathered into Zevran’s face, flinging him against the opposite room of the chamber.The assassin blacked out. When he came back to his senses the fight was already over. Tavaris was kneeling next to him, with a desperate look in his eyes.“Zevran? Are you alright?” He asked frantically. The assassin tried to answer, but the words came out as a low moan.The world was blurry.Despite the mist covering his eyes he managed to see Spawn leaning on his staff next to giant corpse of an enormous demon that started to slowly turn into ash. His staff blade glinted red.“Wynne!” Tavaris called for the mage woman. Zevran tried to scoff in annoyance but apparently his face didn’t want to obey him anymore. He didn’t like Wynne.“What is it, Warden?”“Zevran! He’s not looking well!”The woman hurried to them, kneeling on the opposite side. Her fingers run through his temples and she closed her eyes, humming lowly.“He has a fractured skull, Warden and the blood is gathering there, pressing on his brain,” she informed Tavaris evenly. “But it’s nothing I wouldn’t be able to fix.”“Then what are you waiting for?” Tavaris sounded frantic. “Heal him!”“Could you please find me a lyrium potion? We must have some left.”Zevran drifted out of consciousness again. What woke him next was a blindingly bright touch on the back of his skull. The light sounded rotten.Then the word adjusted and what he felt was warmth seeping into his bones, originating somewhere at the back of his head.Wynne was sitting behind him, his head pulled into her lap as she cupped his skull. Zevran had a good — even if upside down — look at her breasts; she was pretty well endowed, with her tits rather perky for a woman her age.“May I lie my head in your bosom instead, dear Wynne?” He slurred. “It looks so welcoming from down here.”“I think he’s going to be fine,” the woman observed sourly. The warmth of her magic changed — it became slightly uncomfortable.“He’s still not talking right,” Tavaris sounded worried.“Is he ever?” Wynne asked. “He doesn’t strike me as one who has too many valuable thoughts.”There was a moment of silence.“Just fix him,” Tavaris’ voice was close to a growl.“Of course I will,” Wynne declared. “Who do you take me for?”This time when darkness took him it felt more like sleep. When he came back to himself for the final time, he was still lying with the head in someone’s lap. This time, though, it was Tavaris.“Hi there,” he said softly as Zevran’s eyes fluttered open. “How are you?”“Hmmm…” Zevran hummed, watching Tavaris’ face with half-lidded eyes. “Waking in the lap of a charming, handsome man? There’s only a few things that would make it even better.”Tavaris smiled — a very sad smile.“I can imagine, Zevran. But — are you hurting? Nauseous? We’d like to get out of here, but we won’t move if you need more healing.”That was a serious question that had to be examined seriously, even if his first instinct was to laugh it off. But Tavaris wouldn’t be happy with him doing that and even more with him collapsing during a fight because he failed to admit he could feel better.“No,” he said after a longer moment. “I feel good, just a bit thirsty.”“Wynne said you might be,” Tav helped him to sit up and offered a waterskin. The water was fresh and pleasantly cold and the young hunter smiled at the look of surprise on Zevran’s face. “Between eight mages getting some fresh water wasn’t a problem.” Zevran finally looking around, taking in their surroundings.They were still in the Harrowing Chamber, no trace of Uldred or abominations other than a big pile of ash in the middle of the floor. The surviving mages were sitting haphazardly on the floor, some rubbing burn marks from the ropes, with Wynne and Alistair milling between them and offering assistance. Spawn sat a bit to a side on a broken stone fragment, leaning heavily on his staff — the blade was still stained red. For some reason everyone was giving him a wide berth.“What happened?” Zevran asked, looking at the mage with a frown.“Uldred turned to be an abomination as well, he turned into a demon when we fought. Spawn killed him, but not before he shouted enough times for everyone to understand that Spawn was one of his best students. He insists that his lessons with Uldred were in necromantic studies, but nobody believes him.” He huffed in annoyance. “He basically saved everyone and now everyone treats him as if he had some contagious illness.”“If they think he is a maleficar then I am not surprised,” Zevran said seriously. “If you are serious about conscripting him, prepare for a brutal argument with the templars. This boy’s life will depend on it.”“Band of treacherous, ungrateful scum,” Tavaris huffed under his breath. “If we didn’t need them…”“What if Spawn indeed is a maleficar?” Zevran asked curiously. “Does that not bother you?”“Why would it? He’s brave and loyal, Zevran. He knew how they would react and he still fought for them without any hesitation. You saw him confronting Uldred. And from what I gathered, everyone he was really close to is either gone or dead by now. He’s a good guy and I really don’t care what kind of knowledge shems consider to be forbidden. I will take him over any of them anytime.” He gave Zevran a soft smile. “Besides, I have a history of picking up on my way people who were considered too dangerous to stay alive,” he teased. “So far it had served me well.”Zevran raised one brow.“Was Sten not in this category as well?” He asked. Tav’s face fell.“I have a good feeling about Spawn, alright? He didn’t kill a whole family in a fit of rage he didn’t even deign to explain. He just might have a few skills shems consider fishy. And I could damn well use a bloodmage when fighting the Darkspawn. Creators know we need all the possible advantages if we’re to win.”One of the mages noticed that they were talking and approached them.“Is your friend well enough to go down, Warden Mahariel?” She asked. Tavaris looked at Zevran, question in his eyes.“I believe so, yes,” Zevran answered. “I wouldn’t say ‘no’ to some proper rest.”Tavaris smiled at him, standing up and offering him a hand. The assassin took it, suddenly hit by the memory of the first time when Tavaris helped him to stand up.A lot has changed. The walk down was long — the tower had ten floors in total and — as they walked down — each one was bigger than the previous one. The First Enchanter was leaning against Tavaris, whose face was again an impassive mask. He was gathering his courage for the inevitable argument, Zevran suspected. Apprentices left by the entrance greeted them with frightful enthusiasm. And then deflated again, seeing that just a handful of people managed to survive the disaster.“This Circle used to count over three hundred mages and about one hundred fifty tranquil,” Spawn said quietly. “We have failed.”“I am sorry, Spawn,” Tavaris gave him a sad look. “We did our best.”The mage nodded with a grim expression.“It still wasn’t enough.”Tavaris sighed.“At least you’re out of here tomorrow, if everything goes according to the plan.”Spawn scoffed.“Why would it?”“Because I am very, very determined to make that happen.”Zevran recognized that softness of Tav’s voice, that determined set of his jaw. So far, however, it was usually for him, not for a virtual stranger. It stirred some ugly feeling in his chest, one he stomped immediately, not willing to examine it. Tavaris didn’t seem to see him as expendable, yet. That was good enough. Had to be. After short greetings the First Enchanter went to the huge door separating them from freedom and banged on the metal few times.“I need to speak with Greagoir!”It took a while, but the doors creaked open and the Knight-Commander slipped in through the narrow crack. Seeing Irving, his face smoothened in relief.“You’re alive!” He said with a soft exhale. “Please, tell me. Is the Tower truly safe?”“It is. Uldred’s dead and it’s been cleaned up. If there are any demons left they should be easy to deal with.”Fool, Zevran thought, looking at Greagoir. Uldred didn’t resemble an abomination — what would stop one from wearing Irving’s face?But if that got them out of the Tower, he wasn’t going to protest.Cullen, the Templar from the magic cage, suddenly sprang out from behind some crates, where he must have been hiding.“Commander! We need to kill them all! They are all tainted, all of them bloodmages!”“Cullen, calm down,” Greagoir said sternly. “Do you have any proof of that?”“They are all demons in disguise!”“Greagoir, that’s absurd!” the First Enchanter protested. “The boy is mad with fear, but that doesn’t make his accusations true!”“I can see that, Irving. Cullen, stand down, go to the barracks and get some sleep. You very obviously need it.”“But, Commander..!”“That was an order, soldier.”Cullen took a step back, shutting up, but he didn’t leave, crossing his arms over his chest as he glared daggers at every mage in the room. His eyes finally found Spawn, who stood to the side, trying to hide behind Alistair’s wide shoulders.“Him! At least him! He was with Uldred! He’s an abomination for sure.”“That’s ridiculous,” Tavaris said stiffly. “He was the one who killed Uldred. And I am taking him from here.”Greagoir furrowed his brow.“It’s not up to you to decide, Warden. We’re very grateful for your help, but there’s rules to be observed.”Irving frowned as well.“And it is true that Uldred said that he taught him…”“Necromancy! He taught me necromancy!” Spawn’s face lost almost all color and Zevran put a hand on his shoulder, hoping it would help him to calm down. “He never trusted me enough to teach me anything more!”Tavaris raised his hand, not taking his eyes from Greagoir.“Calm down Spawn, you don’t need to worry.” He turned to Greagoir. “In this case I invoke the Right of Conscription.”“That’s absurd! You can’t take a bloodmage from the Tower!” The Knight-Commander protested.“I am taking a necromancer, not a bloodmage, you’ve heard him. Or do you refuse me the right to conscript? We have a Blight; I am the most senior Warden in Ferelden. I don’t think you want to refuse a Grey Warden during the Blight to conscript a capable man into the Order?”“Take someone else.”“I want him, not someone else. When the rest either cowered in wardrobes or got themselves caught, he got away from Uldred, defended a tranquil and jumped at the first chance to save the Circle. I don’t need people who aren’t ready to fight.” He grimaced, looking at Irving. “Even for people who would condemn him on the first opportunity.”Irving deflated a bit.“The Warden is right, Greagoir. We cannot refuse the Right of Conscription, not during the Blight.”“If that makes you feel better, there’s only two of us, three with the recruit Amell. It’s almost certain death sentence anyway.”“Fine!” Knight-Commander almost spat. “Fine, you take him. But if I catch anything about him…”“…You will do nothing, because he’s a Grey Warden now.” Tavaris cut him short. “He isn’t your responsibility anymore.”“Great. Now please consider who and how can you spare to support the war effort — we’re going to stay in the Spoiled Princess till tomorrow, I will appreciate hearing from you.”He turned on his heel, walking out through the unlocked door. Daylen followed him first, more than eager to leave the Tower for good, the rest followed soon after. Zevran found himself leaving last, just to see Wynne approach the First Enchanter.He was slightly surprised by Tav’s decision to leave immediately, instead of asking for lodgings for the night in the Tower; he was even more surprised when Tavaris refused an offer made by one of the Templars to row them to the shore — the ferryman would be more than happy to get back his job once they reached the village, he said, but until then they could take care of themselves. As it turned out it was both for Spawn and his own benefit — they weren’t even a boat length from the Tower when Tavaris started to shake wildly, wrapping his arms around his knees.Leliana looked at him in worry.“Are you alright, Tav?” She asked.“I did it,” Tavaris sobbed out. “I was terrified they won’t let Spawn go.”Spawn, who so far was absorbed in sky and the waters around them turned to look at Tavaris, his face softening.“I haven’t thanked you properly, Warden,” he said quietly. “You have saved my life in there.”“It’s Tavaris.” The archer sniffed. “And you have nothing to thank me for. We might all perish tomorrow.”“Then at least I’ll die having seen grass and trees again; and far away from templars.”Tav gave him a small smile — still weak as he hugged himself at the bottom of the boat, shivering.“Well try to give you more time to enjoy that,” he promised, slowly calming down.By the time they got back on the shore he was mostly composed, the only sign of his breakdown in reddened eyelids. Spawn was hugging himself against the evening chill, but still looked around in awe.Tavaris looked at him critically.“We need to get you better clothes, maybe some light armor,” he said, stopping and putting his bag on the ground to dig in it. He pulled out his cloak and offered it to Spawn. “It will be probably a bit short, but at least you won’t freeze until we got you your own.”The mage took the garment with a grateful expression.“Tavaris… I don’t know how I will ever thank you,” he said. The short elf sighed deeply, rubbing the bridge of his nose.“I have done you no favor, believe me. But thankfully it will be a while before you will be able to actually become a Grey Warden, so enjoy it while it lasts.”“Don’t be so morbid,” Alistair interrupted cheerfully. “Who cares about…” he paused, coughing. “Well, who cares about Warden secrets?”Tavaris rolled his eyes.“I don’t think that the fact that we’ll either have to commit suicide or we turn into ghouls before turning fifty should be considered a big secret.”Zevran looked at Tavaris with wide eyes. Apparently not only him, as Alistair cleared his throat and gestured widely.“Congratulations, Tavaris. You just let everyone here know about one of the things we don’t talk about.”Tav just shrugged, lacing his bag again and throwing it over his shoulder.“How about y’all stop staring at me and we go to find ourselves beds and dinner?” He gestured to the inn. “I am really exhausted.” 



Annoucement



Don't worry, this is not the end.
However, the story will be continued in a separate work -  Maleficar's Focus. I know there is many unresolved subplots here and this will be addressed in Maleficar's Focus.
Why am cutting the story this way? It took me lots of thinking. When I started this story, back in 2013 (yes, I was writing it two years before it was first published) this story was much different than it is now. It was supposed to be more canon compliant - mostly an exercise for me and a challenge to finish the damn thing. Here I am, five years later, still struggling with the same story.
But most importantly, at the beginning it was supposed to be a story about monogamist queer couple. Over the years the characters developed and then Spawn appeared... And I knew that this was no longer a story about two people. I found it a bit unfair to the people who for some reason don't want to read about poly relationship - so I decided to make a clean cut. This is a poly story now and if you're not comfortable with that, I am very sorry, but I won't try to trick you into reading something you don't want to read. If you don't care or are happy with this development? The next part awaits. 
I hope you will understand where I am coming from.




Afterword


End Notes
You can find me at angstofdestiny.tumblr.com


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



