



The Magical Peter Long - thelastpen - Glee
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Magical Peter Long
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/424253.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/F
Fandom:
Glee
Relationship:
Rachel Berry/Quinn Fabray
Character:
Rachel Berry, Quinn Fabray
Additional Tags:
Semi-Public Sex, Explicit Sexual Content, Mildly Dubious Consent, Glee Femslash Fic Exchange, Crossdressing, Strap-Ons, Biting, Mirrors, Restraints, Mild S&M, Teasing, Explicit Language, Locker Room
Stats:

        Published: 2012-06-05
        Words: 6972
      

The Magical Peter Long
by thelastpen
Summary
The prompt was "Rachel/Quinn: Sweaty Workout/Training Sex". I couldn't really figure out a way to work it since, tbh, it's not really something I'm into, so I modified it a little. I hope this works.



The Magical Peter Long

She wasn't. Not really, anyway.Rachel thought this every time  she looked in the bathroom mirror and fitted the latex prosthetics to  her face. Every time she brushed the burnt cork over her cheeks,  carefully shadowing the line of her jaw. Every time she slicked her hair  back, gathering the long locks into a tight ponytail at the base of her  neck.She wasn't.The tight band across her chest, edges  carefully held down with duct tape, made the argument a little more  difficult, but she insisted upon it as she pulled the compression tank  top in place. Because it was true. She wasn't. The stupid nickname applied to her by malicious children wasn't accurate. At least, not in the manner they intended it.She was a performer. When she took the stage in this role she was more than just Rachel Berry.  She could lose herself in the character, let it take over with every  layer she applied to her face and body. She could step back as she  stepped into the harness, tightening it about her hips, fitting the base  in place against her and tugging up the boxer-briefs fitting it inside.It  was a process she went through every time. Creating the character from  her skin out as she buttoned the long shirt with it's cuffed sleeves,  leaving the top couple buttons undone to show the white tank below. She  rolled her shoulders, settling it comfortably over her lean muscles  before pulling the loose cargoes on, buckling the web belt laced through  the loops about her hips to hold them up. It was all about becoming  someone else, she reminded herself as she strapped the wide-banded gold  watch to her wrist. About giving herself so completely into a role -  about being the consummate actor - that it was completely believable, not about wanting to be something she wasn't.Those  were the thoughts roaming through her mind as she laced and tied the  special black boots that bore a distinct appearance to men's work boots  and added a good three inches to her height onto her feet. Finishing,  she sat back and closed her eyes, taking a deep breath, holding it a  moment and letting it out slowly. When she opened them again, Rachel  Berry stepped completely back behind the character.Peter Long ran  a hand over his slicked back hair with a confident smirk. "Looking  good, Pete." His voice came out a deeper register than usually passed  through those lips, his posture indicated casual confidence.Behind  his eyes, Rachel thrilled at feeling of power as she let the masculine  persona take the fore. It wasn't about not being a woman - she enjoyed being female and was completely happy about that quirk of genetics. She  appreciated and enjoyed the female form. But she couldn't deny how much  she enjoyed the power and control inherent in the masculine appearance  she could assume when she took on the role of Peter Long, Drag King  either.Now if only he hadn't had to prepare at school, but  brights lights of the stage waited for no one. Glee had ran long. If it  wasn't for Sue storming in demanding her Cheerios, Rachel wasn't sure  Mr. Schue ever would have realized how late it was. As it was, she was  just grateful that Sue was busy berating the Cheerios out on the field  so she had a chance to change into Peter in the locker room in peace.Or at least, she thought she did.Quinn  stormed into the locker room, hot, tired, drenched with sweat and  limping from the bruise on her calf that had Sue instruct her -  vitriolically - to take her "sloppy baby ass" off her field and get ice  on it. She had never had to be sent off the field before! She was frustrated, aching, sweaty and not at all in the mood to put up with anything.She  stormed over to the sinks and threw one on, splashing the cold water  over her face in an attempt to cool off. The adrenaline from the bad  throw - and nearly bad catch - that left her with a handprint bruised  into her calf still coursed through her body and it was like she  suddenly had too much energy and nothing to do with it. She growled  softly in frustration at not being able to continue the routine with the  others because of her stupid injury and stuck her head under the faucet to try and cool down.The  sound of a heavy stride - much too heavy for the light tread of any of  the other members of the squad caught her attention. She jerked her head  out from under the spray of water, looking around. "Who's there?"Nothing  caught her attention in the brightly lit locker room at first. She  pushed away from the sinks, moving to look around the first row of  lockers. That's when she heard it again - the heavy booted tread, coming  around the far side of the lockers. She scolded herself for the frisson  of fear that curled down her spine - she was in school in the brightly-lit locker room, being afraid was not just stupid it was cowardly and Quinn Fabray was not a coward."Are you going to hide like some sick little creep all day? Show yourself!"Quinn. Of course it was Quinn. It couldn't possibly be any of the other girls that she could bluff her way out of the situation - or rather possibly flirt her way out as Peter.But no, it had to be Quinn. Perfect, blonde, president of the Celibacy Club Quinn freaking Fabray. Rachel could almost scream with frustration. But that wouldn't be very manly and Peter Long was definitely manly. He didn't scream with frustration, didn't hide behind lockers. He confronted things. In his own special fashion.So  instead of screaming or running away, she found herself pacing out from  behind the lockers with a masculine swagger, leaning one shoulder  against the lockers, crossing her booted feet at the ankle and tucking  her thumbs under her belt. She could feel Peter curling her lips in a  cocky smirk as he raked his eyes over the cheerleader's sweat covered  body, sucking on his teeth and letting out a soft chuckle. Rachel liked  to state that while sexuality was a fluid thing, she was quite straight -  in her stage male personae as well. It was a handy mask to hide behind  for a girl who wasn't at all ready to admit she was more like her  fathers than she wanted to believe."So... who might you be, pretty girl?" Inside, Rachel was laughing hysterically at saying things like that to Quinn Fabray, but Peter felt no such computations. "A cheerleader, that's obvious, and may I just say damn you look hot?"Quinn  snorted, crossing her arms over her chest, looking him over in turn.  Around her height - at least she found herself eye to eye with him -  olive complexion that reminded her slightly of Puckerman, cocky grin  that definitely did, and - her eyes darted back up to his amused  chocolate ones with a slight blush - a noticeable bulge in the crotch of  his cargoes. "Quinn Fabray as if it is any of your business. What are you doing in the girl's locker room, perv?"Peter  only chuckled, pushing off the lockers with a lazy shrug and slowly  advancing on the girl who refused to back away. Inside, Rachel cheered.  She didn't recognize her! Quinn had overlooked the Jewish girl that  chased after her boyfriend inside the obnoxiously heterosexual Peter. If  she'd been less involved in her character, she'd have actually hopped  up and down clapping her hands gleefully. "Me? I'm just looking around.  Trying to find something," he smirked, stepping into the cheerleaders  space and running a finger down the line of her jaw, "interesting to do."Quinn  snorted, patently ignoring the blush spreading across her pale cheeks,  "You're not going to find it in the girl's locker room."Peter  leaned in closer and closer until his breath was hot over the damn skin  of her cheek, whisper soft over her ear as he spoke, "Are you sure about  that, Quinn?" With the last word he stepped back and let Rachel's soft voice breath her name.Quinn's eyes widened and she seemed to pale, "Wha... Who are you?"Rachel was trembling with nerves, but Peter was just amused, "They call me Peter. Peter Long, and I deserve my name," He tugged his belt, pressing the loose cargoes a bit closer  to his package with a suggestive leer, "if you know what I mean. Wanna  see?""Disgusting." Quinn scowled, the momentary unnervedness  seeming as if it had never even existed, "I'm going to the weight room.  You'll leave me alone if you know what's good for you."With  that she turned on her heel and stalked off through the door towards  the weight room. Peter just smirked while Rachel chuckled behind his  eyes and shook her head with amusement. "Whoever said I knew what was  good for me, Quinn?"There it was again. Quinn hesitated a moment confused at what sounded distinctly like Rachel's voice coming from that strange man.  She shook her head, continuing into the weight room, picking a  treadmill and turning it on, starting to run - pushing the entire  confusing issue with the man out of her head.Rachel knew she should go. She knew she had the perfect opportunity with Quinn walking away. She knew it. Hell, Peter knew it. She was set to walk off - already reaching for her bag - when she remembered just how Quinn had looked.She  remembered the sheen of sweat coating her pale skin under the harsh  florescent lights. The way her hair slicked down against her head, made  darker with moisture. The way her skin danced as her muscles tensed and  quivered in micro-shivers from the chilly A/C.Remembered the way  her eyes had lingered ever so slightly at the crotch of her cargoes. The  way she'd blushed when she looked away. The way she'd paled at the  sound of Rachel's voice instead of Peter's. The hesitation when Rachel had spoken again.She  let her bag slip from her fingers with a sly grin and turned towards  the weight room. Peter sat back with a smirk, not commenting -  characters never did - as she swaggered towards the other room. Rachel  was nothing if not a consummate actor - she could behave in a distinctly  male fashion even if she wasn't carrying the character with her. She  wanted to see just how far she could take this with the beautiful  cheerleader.When she got into the  room, Quinn was pounding away on the treadmill, eyes closed, breathing  hard, arms working at her sides instead of holding on to the side rails.  Sweat glistened on her brow, trickling down the sides of her face only  to be wiped away with her arm periodically. Rachel stood by the door,  leaning against the wall and watching her run with a tiny smile, her  lower lip caught between her lip in a manner decided unmanly but  definitely Rachel.She pushed off the wall and made her way  quietly over to the treadmill Quinn was running on. Reaching up, she  curled her fingers around the rear bar of the side rails, getting a good  grip. Once she had it, she couldn't help taking a moment to admire the  way the cheerleader's pale thighs flashed in and out of visibility  through the pleats for her skirt. The way her ass flexed making the  skirt bounce in a delightful fashion as she ran. The heady musk that was  distinctly Quinn filling Rachel's flared nostrils as she breathed deep  behind her."Honestly, Quinn, I don't know what you're thinking  running with a bruise like that on your calf. You really should put ice  on it to avoid serious injury." She spoke with her own voice and Quinn's  eyes flew open, looking in the mirror for Rachel, but seeing only Peter  standing there with his cocky Puck-like smirk.She stumbled,  losing her pace, the speed of the treadmill's belt sending her crashing  back into Rachel, who only stayed upright thanks to her grip on the side  rails. Quinn could feel the hard bulge in Peter's cargoes pressing  against her ass as she squirmed trying to get away. He just laughed,  wrapping his oddly lithe arms around her body just under her breasts and  holding her tight to the flat planes of his chest."Hey there, sexy. Fancy running into you like this." It felt like he was actively pressing that disgusting bulge up against her, grinding into her ass and she  shoved away in disgust as soon as she could get her footing."Ugh! You disgust me! You're nothing but a nasty perv! Get your hands off me and everything else too, Peter!"She'd barely gotten two steps when she heard it again. Rachel's voice."What  about me? Do I disgust you, Quinn?" This time Quinn turned fast enough  to see the words coming through the confident smirk on Peter's lips, "I  mean, you do draw pornographic pictures of me in the restrooms. The girls' restrooms, I might add.""What  are you? Some kind of disgusting impersonator?" Quinn's perfect  features twisted up in disgust, "Have you been stalking Rachel or  something? You really are sick.""Me?" Rachel didn't bother using  Peter's voice any more, smiling slyly at Quinn and feeling far more  confident than she usually did in their encounters because of how  off-balance the cheerleader was in that moment, "I can hardly stalk myself,  Quinn. Honestly, you've done far more stalking than I ever have." A  smirk curled the corner of her lip, "Something you want to admit, Quinn?  Do you have a reason for knowing such intimate details about my body, Quinn?"Quinn's eyes widened and she shook her head, "You are not Rachel. You're a nasty perv who thinks this is some twisted version of Single, White Female but you are not her!"Rachel  advanced towards Quinn, the cheerleader backing up in front of her  until she stumbled, sitting awkwardly on a weight bench. "Are you so  sure about that, Quinn? I mean, you're the one who started that awful  nickname being used for me.""W-what are you talking about? I don't even know you..." Quinn was nervous, unsettled. She wasn't used to be put into  the weaker position, not sure how to lash out to hurt this unknown  person who seemed to be convinced he was Rachel. "You're not  Rachel! Rachel's a girl, y-you're," her eyes flashed down to the bulge  almost at face level, flashing away almost as fast, but not fast enough  to keep the blush from spreading across her cheeks, "not."Rachel  smirked, astonishing herself with her boldness as she reached down and  stroked the bulge in her pants, "I'm not, am I? You think I'm a girl?  That's... surprising considering your artwork." Her tongue  darted out, stroking over her lips as she watched Quinn's hazel eyes  dart almost helplessly down to where her hand is gliding over the bulge.  "Should I show you, Quinn? You've obviously fantasized about it...""T-that's  disgusting..." Quinn tried for firm, but the best she could get was  breathily distracted as she tried to keep from looking at the man's  surprisingly small - she didn't want to admit it was familiar -  hand stroking himself through his pants almost directly in front of her  face. She didn't want to think about the blush burning her cheeks or the  twinge of curiosity in the back of her mind."You keep saying  that, but I don't see you leaving, Quinn." Now that she'd gone this far,  Rachel didn't seem bothered going further, Quinn's reaction's  stimulating her, her chocolate gaze burning intensely into the blonde  never glancing away. Her nostrils flared, capturing the hot scent of  sweat and the faint tinge of a scent that was uniquely Quinn under the vanilla body spray. "I think maybe you want to see it, Quinn." Her fingers slid to the zipper of her pants, sliding  it down and slipping inside, "I think maybe you want to touch it. Lick it."Quinn  couldn't speak, couldn't look away from the small hand reaching into  the boxer briefs just visible through the opening in the pants. She  didn't know why she was still there. Didn't know why she wasn't running.  All she could hear was Rachel's voice saying things she never even would have dreamed about things she could barely even admit to herself in the dark hours of the night that haunted her dreams.Rachel's  heart was racing despite her apparent confidence as she pulled the  dildo out from where it'd been folded down into her underwear, stroking  its length as if it were real, running her thumb over the molded head  before sliding back down to fondle the balls hanging beneath it. "So,  Quinn, what are you going to do? Here it is." She moved a bit closer,  bringing the tip of the appendage closer to the unmoving blonde's full  lips, "Are you going to kiss it? I can see your eyes begging for it."Quinn  couldn't move. She certainly couldn't look away, her eyes wide as she  looked at the pale shaft being stroked in front of her. She'd never  actually seen one before, not even with Puck, who'd been more about getting in and getting done than playing - and she knew what happened with that.Her  mouth opened slightly - whether to speak or doing something else, she'd  never know. Rachel reached out and brushed over the back of Quinn's  head and instead of talking, her lips parted and slipped around the head  of the dildo. She didn't know what she was doing, wasn't thinking about  it, just reacting.Rachel nearly let out a squeak when she felt  the cheerleader's hands come up and grip her ass, pulling her closer.  Her eyes widened, surprised, breath catching in her throat as she looked  down and saw those pale pink lips wrapped around the stiff appendage,  that blonde head bobbing up and down in her crotch. Her hand slipped  into blonde hair, tugging at the ponytail holder until it slipped free,  leaving pale locks to flow free about her red and white uniformed  shoulders, tanned hand tangled in them pulling her closer.It was an intensely erotic sight. Quinn Fabray, sitting on a weight bench, all but deep throating a strap-on attached to her.  The feeling of her perfectly trimmed nails digging into her ass through  her cargoes and underwear combined with the base of the dildo rubbing  against her and the sight, soft swallowed almost-gagging wet sounds, and  knowledge that she was being given head by perfect Quinn Fabray was almost enough to send Rachel crashing over the edge.Instead  she tightened her fingers, fisting the blonde hair in her hand and  pulled her back, holding her tightly so she couldn't move. Quinn's neck  arched as she forced her head back, forcing her to look up at the dark  brown eyes staring down at her. Rachel's nostrils flared with arousal as  she looked down into the blown pupils of hazel eyes, reaching up with  her free hand she gripped that perfect chin, her fingers dark against  porcelain clear skin."You don't think you're going to get off  with just that, did you?" She stepped forward a leg on either side of  the bench, forcing Quinn to release her hold on Rachel's ass and slap  her hands back on the bench behind her to try and remain sitting  upright, "You think that'll be enough? A little head? After all the teasing and tormenting you did to me? Honestly, Quinn, I thought you were smarter than that. I  am going to take," she leaned in then, her lips brushing over the  blonde's ear as she hissed, "everything."As soon as that  last word left her lips, she was pressing those lips against the firm  softness of that pale column stretched underneath her, plying the  delicate flesh with teeth and tongue, knowing she was leaving marks of  her possession, but not caring as she could hear the soft whimpers and  moans of the girl in her hands brushing her ears. She released Quinn's  chin, letting her hand trail teasingly possessively down the line of her  throat, brushing almost delicately over the exposed bumps of her  collarbone. As her hand dipped lower, she cupped one breast through the  heavy fabric of the cheerleading top and squeezed roughly, drawing a  ragged gasp from the pink lips near her ear that made her smile. She  could smell the heady musk of the sweaty girl beneath her, feel how her  body tensed against hers and it made the sensations flowing through her  curl deliciously in the pit of her stomach.She released the  breast she was fondling through the blonde's clothes, chuckling lowly at  the desperate whimper of loss that vibrated Quinn's throat under her  lips. Her hand trailed down over her abdomen, nails rasping harshly over  the fabric. When she reached the waistband of the pleated skirt that so  frustrated her, she didn't hesitate, pushing between the pleats to  slide her hand between silken thighs, groaning at the moisture beginning  to seep through the red spankies."Fuck, you're just a  dirty little slut, aren't you." Rachel's voice was thick with lust and  Quinn's arms trembled from the effort of holding herself up, back bowing  from the force of Rachel's hand in her hair pulling her back, "You're  just so wet for me. You love this, don't you. The thought of being fucked in the weight room by some guy you don't even know is just turning you on so much, isn't it?" Her fingers slipped under the edge of spankies and the  panties beneath them to slide through the silky wet warmth of the other  girl's folds. Quinn gasped, her hips bucking slightly as Rachel's  nimble fingers danced over her clit. "You're a such a slut, Quinn. Aren't you?" She tightened her hand, "Answer me!""Y-yes... yes." Quinn's voice was thick with arousal and breathy."What are you? I didn't hear you." Rachel gave her hair a tug, making the blonde gasp from the pain  but her clit twitched under the fingers toying with it, making Rachel  smirk."I... I'm a... I'm a slut. Oh God, I'm just a filthy slut!"Rachel  sank her teeth into her throat just over the beating of her pulse,  making her cry out as Rachel's fingers curled around the crotch of her  panties and spankies and ripped them down to her knees. "That's right.  You might be the head cheerleader, but you're not in charge here. You're  just a fucking slut. I'm going to fuck you now, Quinn. I'm going to make you forget you were ever with another person but me. I'm going to make you dream of me, slut."Before  she even finished speaking, she reached down and lined the tip of the  strap-on with Quinn's entrance and thrust into her with a flexing of her  entire body. Quinn stiffened immediately with a shocked cry at the  sudden violation of her body, her arms gave out, dropping her back to  sprawl on the bench. Rachel grabbed her wrists and dragged them up to  the bench's rack, "You had best hold on like your life depends on it.  Don't you dare let go until I tell you you can."As soon as  Quinn's long fingers curled around the black steel, Rachel started  moving, pulling out and thrusting back in hard and forcefully enough to  make the sound of their hips meeting sound like someone being slapped  repeatedly, fast and hard. The wet sucking sounds of the dildo sliding  in and out accompanied by the slap of skin against skin and the grunts,  groans and harsh breath of the two participants were the only sounds  filling the room, echoing softly from the red and white concrete block  walls.Quinn's knuckles were turning white from how fiercely she  was gripping the rack, her gasps and moans at the feeling of being  emptied and filled so quickly - tangling with the sound of Rachel's soft grunts and groans as she panted past clenched teeth - growing  louder until she was all but screaming, begging for more, arching into  Rachel's touch. Rachel watched her face screwed up with need as she  pounded her for a moment before shoving the cheerleading top roughly up  and yanking her bra down so her breasts were caught somewhere between.  She caught one pert mound in her hand, the other she plied with lips,  teeth and tongue, leaving scattered purpling bite marks on the pale  flesh as she made her way to the rosy nub at the peak.What they  were doing wasn't about love. It certainly wasn't romance. If someone  had asked her right then, Rachel wouldn't have been able to say it was  even about revenge. It was about power. It was about far more lust than  she'd been aware she could direct towards another person. It was about  desires whispered in the dark but never spoken in the light of day. It  was the shame of wanting something everything and everyone told you you  shouldn't and loving the adrenaline-filled rush of getting it anyway. It  was the thin line between love and hate called passion. The fierce,  knee-bowing passion of sweaty, urgent hookups in drunken clubs - two  people connecting in the curious private/public darkness of the pounding  music against rough brick walls - as faceless as they were breathless.Not that Rachel was thinking about any of that.She  was thinking - for the first time in her life - how much she wished she  really was the transsexual person the girl beneath her often accused  her of being in that moment. She was wishing she knew what it felt like  to be inside the blonde cheerleader, filling her, feeling her hot,  silken walls clench around her member like a velvet glove. For the first  time, she found herself actually jealous of Noah and Finn - because they got to know that feeling.And  - maybe worst of all - she found herself wishing that all it would take  was changing her clothes to be someone Quinn could want.But she  wasn't a man - well, she played on on stage, but that didn't count at  the end of the day. She was just Rachel Berry. And after this freak  occurrence ended, that was all she'd be again. Not "Peter Long".  Certainly not Quinn Fabray's lover. Besides, Rachel told herself, I'm  not gay. And even if she was, Quinn Fabray would never descend - or even  look - far enough down the social ladder that separated them to even give her a second thought as a potential significant other.It  was all she could do to keep from crying as she felt the girl under her  tense, shuttering into orgasm from the heavy pounding she'd received.  Rachel watched her, sad brown eyes drinking in the sight of Quinn's face  as the other girl came, eyes clenched shut, gasping through a wordless  cry. She was intensely turned on, but she slowed her pace, eventually  pulling out with a slick slurp as Quinn went almost bonelessly limp on  the weight bench under her. She stood quickly, swinging her leg over the  bench and turning away from the other girl, not willing to show the  tears she couldn't stop anymore streaking her face."There." She  threw the words back over her shoulder, trying to sound as harsh and  masculine as possible not wanting the broken little girl who just  realized she'd never get what she fantasied about in the darkest parts  of the night to show, as she turned towards the door out of the weight  room, awkwardly tucking the strap on back into her pants, "I got what I  came for. Thanks, slut."Quinn released the bars with a  soft gasp - her hands having nearly locked in place on the black steel  with the force of her grip - and shifted so she was half sitting up,  propped up by her elbows. Her hair was disheveled, her uniform top and  skirt in disarray exposing her body, but she didn't move to fix either.  Her red spankies and panties had given at a side seam at some point,  dangling uselessly about one thigh. Her chest heaved as she fought to  calm her erratic breathing. Her perfect face was flushed with spent  passion and furrowed with confusion as she looked at the back of the  person who'd just been the source of her dishevelment and one of the  most intense orgasms she'd ever experienced."But, you've... not." Her voice was rough from exertion but the confusion was evident.Rachel almost turned her head to look before she figured out what Quinn was awkwardly alluding to, "Yes. I have. I assure you.""No..."  Quinn pushed herself up to stand on quivering legs, taking first one,  then two hesitant steps towards Rachel, her voice softening as she got  closer until she could reach out and put a hand on the trembling back,  "you haven't.""Quinn...?" Rachel tensed, afraid. Quinn thought  she was some man with a disturbing penchant for impersonating her who'd  snuck in for a quicky with the head cheerleader. The fact that she was  getting closer, pressing that warm lithe body against her back - Rachel  could almost swear she could feel the heat of pale skin burning her even  through her clothes - hands sliding over her decidedly unmasculine  hips, just put that at risk. She didn't want the rejection when Quinn  found out she'd just been fucked - she couldn't think of a more  appropriate term for what she'd done to the blonde - by Rachel Berry. She just wanted to cling to the moment she'd been allowed to have."You  know," Quinn's voice was soft in her ear in that deliciously breathy  yet throaty way that always sent shivers down the smaller girl's spine,  her breath hot against her skin, "for someone determined to take  Broadway by storm, you're not a very convincing liar," nimble fingers  unfastened the button of her cargos, letting the loose pants drop about  her ankles and slid into the sides of her boxer-briefs, first caressing  then undoing the buckles of the harness about her hips, "Rachel."Rachel  went completely still, her eyes wide and nostrils flaring slightly with  shock as Quinn's hands caressed her body, pushing down the underwear  and harness. She couldn't help but stare dumbfounded at the mirror  reflecting her gradual exposure at the cheerleader's hands. The way  those pale hands undid her shirt and slipped it from her shoulders as  she trembled from a heady mixture of fear and arousal at the feeling of  full lips nipping and suckling along her neck. How slender fingers  coaxed the appliances from her chin and cheeks and slipped the  compression tank from her torso before working at the duct tape holding  down the edges of the band about her chest."Q-quinn..." She couldn't help the fear simmering in her voice, her eyes darting to the door.Quinn  looked up, dark hazel gaze raking hungrily over the nude body exposed  to her, meeting her eyes through the mirror as she dropped the band,  "What are you afraid of, Rachel? That someone will come in? You weren't so worried about that earlier, were you."Her  lips descended to her neck again, tangling her fingers in her hair to  pull her head to the side to give her better access, eyes watching with  fascination how Rachel reacted in the mirror as she did. She cupped a  breast with her free hand, deciding she quite liked how her pale fingers  contrasted with the natural olive complexion of the smaller girl's skin  and especially the feeling of the pebbly nipple seeming to tighten even  harder against the palm of her hand."Q-quinn, please..." Rachel's voice was soft, almost timid."What, Rachel? Are you the only one who gets to take someone today? Is that it? Only you,"  her fingers slipped from the breast she'd been toying with, sliding  down the muscled slope of Rachel's abdomen to brush against the smooth  top of her mound, making the smaller girl shiver in her arms, "get to  give pleasure? Wow, Rachel," Quinn cupped Rachel's heat, leaning up to  run her tongue along the rim of the smaller girl's ear, "completely  smooth. Kinky."Rachel drew in a shuddering breath, already so  close to the edge by the friction of the strap on against her clit, but  Quinn refused to give her the pressure her body craved, "B-ballet...""What was that? I couldn't hear you." Quinn's teeth nipped at the other girl's earlobe drawing a low groan from Rachel's lips."It's," she swallowed, tongue darting out to moisten dry lips, "It's for ballet, the... the leotards...""I  suppose that makes sense," the blonde let a single finger slip between  silken folds to dip into the pooling essence dripping out to slicken  tanned thighs, "Oh, wow. You are so," her lips ghosted over Rachel's  ear, "wet for me, Rachel."Rachel swallowed harshly,  striving to keep her hips from bucking into the maddingly gentle touch  the blonde was applying to her. "Q-quinn, please..." her voice came out as a pleading whine, she hated it, but she couldn't help it."Please, what, Rachel? You were going to deny me this," Quinn chuckled in her ear, "I think I deserve to take my time  and enjoy it, don't you?" Rachel's eyes began to slip closed, "Oh, no  no no, Rachel. I want you to watch this." She slid her other hand from  Rachel's hair, down her body to part the smaller girl's folds, exposing  her to the mirror as she brought up her other hand and set to circling  her clit, "I want you to watch me take you, Rachel."Rachel whimpered and her head rolled back to rest on Quinn's shoulder, but her eyes never left the mirror. "Oh God, please, Quinn, please don't tease me..." the words came out as a soft groan and she couldn't  help how her hips rolled up to meet Quinn's hands, "I'll... I'll watch,  just please don't tease... please..."Quinn smirked. She  liked how the dynamic had changed - from her restraining herself at  Rachel's command to the smaller girl nearly collapsing in need for her  and begging for release. Rachel never begged, never groveled, never backed down. But she was begging now. And begging her. Not Finn or Puck or that insufferable excuse for an upperclassman Jesse. But her. Quinn Fabray.It  gave her an incredible sense of pride, a rush of emotion that sent  warmth tingling from the center of her chest to the very tips of her  fingers and toes. She was the one whose name was being panted so  deliciously. She was the one that short, neatly trimmed nails were  clutching desperately at. She was the one who would have all of Rachel.And she loved it.She  loved that she was taking what none of the - obviously inferior - boys  the diva had dated had even had a chance at. That she was the one  bringing Rachel to near collapse. She loved all of it. Almost as much as  she'd enjoyed giving herself to the diva - even if she'd made a studied  effort at not letting her know she knew."Tell me what you want,  Rachel," she whispered, sucking hard on the pulse throbbing in her neck  to leave a dark mark, staking her claim on the smaller girl, "tell me  and I'll give it to you."Rachel was nearly sobbing with need,  only barely managing to keep her eyes fixed on the mirror and the sight  of slender fingers teasing and rolling her clit, speed changing just  often enough to keep her on the edge but not let her go over. "I-inside,  Quinn, please!""Do you want me to take you, Rachel?" Her  breath on Rachel's neck felt like it was scalding hot against her sweat  drenched skin, "Do you want me to make you mine? You have to tell me."Rachel gasped, "God!  Y-yes! Yes! Please! Anything! Take me, Quinn!" She sobbed out the  words, hips bucking erratically to try and keep the blonde's touch where  she needed it, "I'm yours. I'm yours. Take me. Please. Please..."Quinn nodded, "Watch close, Rachel. I want you to see me take you. I want you to see my fingers slide inside you and make you mine."Rachel  could only nod frantically, her eyes opened as wide as she could get  them, focused on the attentions of Quinn's hands on the most intimate  part of her body. Her hands clutched desperately at the cheerleader's  hips, fisting in the pleats of her skirt. She needed this - needed Quinn - far more than she really wanted to admit. "P-please..."Quinn  didn't respond with words, just sliding her hand down to circle the rim  of her pulsing entrance coating her fingers with the copious fluid  there before sliding first one, then, not encountering an overly stiff  resistance, two fingers into the girl in her arms, pressing deep. Rachel  gasped at the sudden sensation of fullness, hips stilling for a moment  in surprise, eyes wide and fixed on the sight of Quinn's fingers  impaling her. Quinn waited a moment for Rachel to adjust to her before  beginning to slide slowly in and out of her.She didn't want to  talk any more. She just wanted to watch the stunning sight of her her  fingers slipping in and out of the wet heat at the very center of  Rachel's being. She wanted to focus on the way those hot walls pulsed  and gripped her fingers at once pulling her deeper and pushing her back  out. She wanted to listen to nothing but the soft gasp and moans every  move wrung from the diva's body and the quiet wet sound coming from  their most intimate of meetings.Quinn didn't know if she'd have  more than this moment and she wanted to make it last, no matter how  dirty and inappropriate the setting and situation may be. For this  moment, Rachel was hers, even if afterwards she would run back to one of her boys, for this single - amazing - moment, she belonged to Quinn. Completely. Quinn buried her face in  Rachel's neck, hiding the flash of pain at the recognition that the  moment would end from the other girl.She twisted her wrist and  her fingers brushed fleetingly against a rough patch inside of the other  girl, making Rachel cry out and buck her hips. Intrigued, Quinn caught  her lower lip between her teeth and deliberately brushed the spot again.  Once more Rachel shuddered and bucked, her breath coming faster.  Smiling with a combination of resigned anticipation of loss and pleasure  at being able to do this to the girl she cared for, she slid her  fingertips against the spot, rubbing it directly.Rachel couldn't speak. All she could do was sob for breath and gasp out soft mewls and whimpers until Quinn found that spot. The first time, she restrained herself to a low cry and an  involuntary buck of her hips. The second time, the tremor ran through  her entire body. The third time, her head fell back, her eyes rolled  back and her mouth gaped to cry out but no sound could emerge. She  tensed, poised on the edge, shuddering and trembling as if her muscles  were all locked in a powerful electric current being emitted from  Quinn's fingers.Then all was white. She couldn't see. Could hear  nothing but the throbbing rush of her blood in her ears. The only thing  she could feel was those wonderful fingers continuing to slide against  that all important spot as she quaked and shuddered into first one  orgasm and then another. Until finally... nothing.Quinn slowed  and stilled, finally pulling out - feeling an acute sense of loss as she  did - and wiping her slick fingers on her skirt before wrapping her  arms around the limp girl in her arms. She'd heard of people passing out  after sex, but she never thought she'd see it. Certainly never thought  she'd be the cause. She slowly lowered to her knees, easing Rachel to the floor with her.She knew she couldn't stay. Couldn't be caught with Rachel, no matter how much she might want to. It would ruin everything.So  she straightened her disheveled clothing and carefully redressed her  passed out lover - she supposed she could call her that for now, even if  she wouldn't be able to once she walked out of the room - removing the  harness and accompanying toy altogether to make it easier. Standing and  looking down on the sleeping girl, she hesitated a moment before jogging  over to the trainer stand - wincing only slightly at the soreness  between her legs - and jotting something on a piece of paper before  heading over to slip it into the girl's pants pocket. Kneeling beside  her, she pressed a gentle kiss to her lips before standing and striding  out of the room to drop the binding, toy and appliances in Rachel's bag  before hitting the showers and heading home.Some  time later, Rachel woke, spent and groggy on the weight room floor.  "Quinn...?" She looked around, but couldn't find the blonde, feeling a  terrible pain in her chest as she realized she was gone and she was  alone."Well," she spoke softly to herself, swallowing back tears, "at least she didn't leave me naked. Small favors."Getting  to her feet, she straightened her clothes and shoved her hands in her  pockets to slump out of the room. When her fingers encountered folded  paper, she frowned pulling it out and unfolding it.Peter -Call me sometime?(419) 555-5236*heart* - QRachel slipped the paper back into her pocket and headed back out with a much brighter smile and lighter feeling in her chest.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



