



The First Morning and - KazeKhaos - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The First Morning and Other Moments
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/18900310.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M, Gen
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead/Yamada Hizashi | Present Mic, Kaminari Denki/Shinsou Hitoshi
Character:
Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead, Yamada Hizashi | Present Mic, Shinsou Hitoshi, Original Characters, Original Female Character(s), Original Male Character(s), Original Child Character(s)
Additional Tags:
Family Fluff, Found Family, Adoptive family, Two Dads, Parental!Eraserhead, Parental!Present Mic, Dadzawa, Dadmic, kids everywhere, erasermic, Shinson, I'm still learning how tags work, This is basically just word vomit, Please excuse my trash, It's very short at least, Pining Shinsou, shinkami, will probably add more to this
Series:
Part 3 of
Glass Hearts and Kittens
Stats:

        Published: 2019-05-20
          Completed: 2019-06-11
          Chapters: 5/5
        Words: 5234
      

The First Morning and Other Moments
by KazeKhaos
Summary
It's Hitoshi's first morning in the Aizawa-Yamada home.or,Hitoshi Shinso used to think his teachers were capable, level headed, sane individuals.




The First Morning



Hitoshi Shinso used to think his teachers were capable, level headed, sane individuals.Now on his first morning official being a member of their household he knew that was simply not true. Everything was chaos and noise from the preteen crying about her sock to the horned four year old outright refusing to wear pants. It was barely past six in the morning. Deciding not to get involved with the scene in the living room he headed toward the bathroom."Is it always like this?" He asked the other teen already there brushing his teeth.
"Yup," Naoki said around his toothbrush.Hitoshi didn't say anything to that. It was certainly different than he expected life in the Aizawa-Yamada household. Just what he had expected he couldn't really say - maybe something like their classrooms? It was also very different than his homes previous which had either been steel rod rigid or dog-eat-dog type places.The other boy finished brushing his teeth and put his toothbrush away, "You get used to it."Naoki, on his last year in middle school, was quiet and didn't seem to have much to say. Seemingly he communicated in much the same way Aizawa did - scathing looks and judgementally raised brows. His quirk was called 'Treehugger' and let him increase the rate of growth in trees provided he had a seed or plant to work with."Don't get distracted by your books and forget to get dressed Nao!" Mic said passing the bathroom door now with a half-dressed child on his hip, "and you are going to wear your clothes aren't you Yuuta?"Hitoshi was pretty sure he heard a soft 'no' as they moved too far from the doorway to be heard. He was nearly done brushing his teeth when Aizawa appeared in the door looking very much like he was missing something. He must have calmed the one girl down enough to stop crying about her socks then."Have you seen Kotone?"Mouth still full of toothpaste and not exactly sure which girl was 'Kotone' he shook his head. Seemingly satisfied with his answer Aizawa left to continue his search. Hitoshi watched Yuuta, now with pants and no shirt, streak past the bathroom door."Zashi I'll dress Yuuta. Can you find Kotone?"
"Koto is still in bed."
"Lovely."
"Naoki are you dressed?"Hitoshi could now understand how Aizawa could always look so tired and was more mystified on how Yamada had time to spike his hair like that when somehow by 7 everyone dressed and prepped. Naoki was in a fancy uniform, Hitoshi tried hard not to think it looked snobby. It was very much like something you'd expect from an expensive private school, black pants with a dark blue blazer and red patterned tie. Naoki fidgeted as if uncomfortable in it, nervous fingers playing with the end of his sleeve. The twins seemed much more comfortable in light blue uniforms with navy and cream plaid bottoms, one in a skirt and the other in shorts."We'll have to get the winter ones out soon." Aizawa said fixing the bow around Shizuka's neck, "or Parrot will freeze.""Freeze!?" She whined in concern but her voice cracked halfway through sounding for a second like Aizawa's.Shizuka had a variation of Mic's quirk which had cemented the idea that she was somehow biologically related to him. Her quirk was very similar to Mic's though she seemed more apt to copy voices, hence the nickname Parrot, then scream at loud volumes. It was tentatively and straightforwardly called 'Echo'. The other twin's was 'Translate' which basically made her omnilingual. She could understand and speak any language so long as she heard at least some of the language in person. The only rules so far being the person speaking had to be fluent."You won't freeze quite yet. Do you have your throat drops?" Mic said passing Yuuta to Aizawa.Shizuka nodded patting her backpack looking relieved she wouldn't be a child-sized popsicle anytime soon before Mic waved his playfully, "Alright then out you get. Don't you guys have somewhere to be? Geez, you'd think you were school children."
The twins scrambled and Hitoshi barely had time to register a small hand grabbing his before he was yanked along behind one of them."You get used to this too." Naoki sighed also being dragged along their Dads not far behind.Hitoshi decided he didn't mind getting used to it at all.



Pikachu I Chose You
Chapter Summary
The one where Shinsou gets roped into going to the Pokemon movie and pines after a certain blonde a little
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"Please Toto!"
Hitoshi's barely rolled out of bed before Shizuka is at his heels. She babbles at him faster than he can keep up with still half asleep. It's not until he's halfway through with brushing his teeth that he's awake enough to really pay attention. He gets 'Friday' and 'movie' but that's about it.
"What?" is the most articulate thing he can manage turning to look at her.
He realizes she isn't more than a foot away from him, her fingers clasped together and pouting. Her big green eyes imploring and he realizes she must be asking him for something. He's seen her turn the look on Dad (Aizawa) and Papa (Hizashi) when she really wants something but she's never tried it on him. Naoki appears in the doorway, spots her expression, and backs out slowly.
"Traitor." Hitoshi thinks before sighing and looking at his sister.
"Repeat that please." He says and signs at the same time not sure if she has her aids in.
Her expression shift to almost comedic exasperation, "The new Pokemon movie is gonna be in theatres Friday night but Dad and Papa are busy and they won't let me go by myself and I really really wanna see it!"
He sighs running a hand through his messy hair. He didn't really have plans for Friday other than school and training with Dad afterward. It was already decided he'd join the Hero Course next year but that had only prompted Aizawa to up his training. 
"Please Toto!" She begs, "I'll do your chores for the rest of the week!"
"We'll see how I feel after training. No promises and you have to wear your aids to school." He said relenting just a bit but making sure to sound like a proper irritated teen - he couldn't let her smell weakness.
That was how he found himself at the local movie theatre with a very hyperactive preteen. He'd have felt bad if he hadn't since she'd done what he'd asked and worn her aids without complaint. She'd even put them in Friday morning without either of their dads having to coax her to do so. Something that prompted Mic to accuse him of (jokingly) of voodoo. Shizuka had even conceded to the family buddy system - either making sure her hand was in his or twisting in the hem of his jacket the entire walk over to the theatre. Considering how easily distracted she was it was quite the feat.
"Stay close." He said once they were inside.
Immediately he was assaulted by the smell of popcorn and the sounds of too many people in one place. He adjusted his grip on Shizuka and pulled her along with him through the theatre. Hitoshi really wasn't all that worried about losing her since she old enough to know better than to wander and was actually rather shy in public. He let go of her hand when they got to the counter.
He paid for the tickets with money Aizawa had given them to fund their little field trip before he felt her tug at the edge of his jacket.
"Toto, look. It's a pika-person!"
Mildly confused he followed where she'd pointed muttering, "a what?" before spotting at the far end of the open all the entirety of Class 1A.
All twenty-something kids were milling at the concessions counter. Standing out like a sore thumb from the rest of Aizawa's flock though was one Kaminari Denki dressed in a baggy Pikachu onesie. Then Kaminari spotted him and began waving wildly as if to get his already captured attention.
Kaminari then decided flapping around like a mouse clad chicken wasn't enough and jogged over, "Hey, Hitoshi! Dude, I didn't know you liked Pokemon."
"I'm just bringing my little sister," He muttered still really not sure what to make of Kaminari's get up.
He looked the blonde up and down for a moment while he was distracted by the girl now partially hidden behind his legs. Hitoshi decided it was cute and suited Kaminari's goofy personality just fine. It was cuter still when Kaminari squatted down to be more eye level with Shizuka who stared in open awe like she was seeing a movie star for the first time. Funny because she'd barely given All Might a second glance but a teenager in a Pokemon costume had her rapt attention.
"You're a Pikachu." She whispered at Kaminari."Sure am! Cool huh?""Until you fry your own brain.""C'mon Jiro! Don't make me look bad in front of Little Sister here."
They'd been suddenly joined by the rest of class before Hitoshi knew it and Kaminari was immediately drawn back into their mass conversation. Midoriya greeted him with his usual stutter, Bakugou was seething in the background, Kirishima patted him on the back just a bit too hard, and the girls leaned down to coo at Shizuka and her 'Pikachu and Togepi' shirt. In the end they were somehow roped into sitting right with Class 1A who were on some Deku-squad proposed bonding trip.He ended up with Shizuka to his left and Kaminari to his right in the back row with the rest of the class spreading along the same row and the one in front of them. Shizuka was practically vibrating in her seat with excitement which didn't surprise him much. She loved Pokemon almost as much as she loved their family if he was being honest. What did surprise him was to find Kaminari in nearly the same state. The movie started before he could comment on it though. By the end he'd forgotten his question. The soreness from training had set in and he found himself yawning on his way out Shizuka at his heels.
"Dude that was great but now I really need to go to the little boy's room." Kirishima groaned and stretched his arms above his head.
Hitoshi realized he really needed to as well but wasn't sure what to do with Shizuka - he couldn't really take her with. Ochako must have caught him looking at the door though because she easily offered to keep an eye on his sister in the meantime.So he and most of the other boys piled in through the bathroom door complaining at each other to hurry it along. Somehow he ended up the back of the line behind Kaminari. He decided to take advantage of the lack of his impressionable younger sibling to finally say something to Kaminari about his outfit. 
"Your, ah, outfit is cute." He offered as they waited.
A spectacular blush bloomed across Kami's cheekbones at that though, "Thanks. I tried to get the others to do it too but no dice. Spoilsports am I right?"
"Shizuka tried to get me to wear her Espeon ears. If I'd known I would've."
Kaminari laughed at that, "Espeon fits you. A psychic purple cat. That's perfect."
"So you like pokemon?" Hitoshi asked though it seemed a rather obvious yes at this point, "all I really know about it is what Shizuka has drilled into our heads."
"Yeah, I have practically all the games. You should give em a try they're good. You should definitely dress up as Espeon the next time they release a movie. I'll be Jolteon so we match."
"Sure," Hitoshi nodded.
The smile that lit up Kaminari's face made Hitoshi's heart do a flip like a steroid induced acrobat. He'd have to tell Shizuka to tell him when the next movie came out because next time for sure he was going to be whatever that weird purple cat thing was.



Chapter End Notes
I was tired - so very tired - when I wrote this but the idea hit and so I had to.


What we call a Karen
Chapter Summary
I can't explain nor justify myself
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"Thanks for looking after him," Hizashi says for maybe the sixth time.
The preschool teacher just laughs it off though, "It not a problem and don't worry about the wall. We have insurance to cover quirk related mishaps."
She was speaking of the small hole that now gaped accusingly from the far side of the classroom. Ramhorn was quickly turning out to be more of a handful than they'd thought it would be. Originally they'd only believed it gave Yuu the little horn-like protrusions peeking from his fluffy green hair. Now apparently it turns out it strengthens his bones and muscle enough the kid could double as a child shaped battering ram.
"Still sorry about that. We'll have a chat at home." He tells the teacher before swing Yuuta up on his hip. 
He's thankful that the lady is nice about it. He's seen some teachers get rather livid about accidental classroom destruction. She smiles and waves bye to Yuuta and tells him she's excited to see him tomorrow assuring the boy there is no hard feelings.
Hizashi is relieved though. Nobody got hurt and the preschool has insurance to repair the wall. Life is good and patient with them today. At least he thinks so before it rather rudely throws one of his least favorite kinds of people at him.
"I should have figured it was one of yours again."
Hizashi takes a deep breath willing himself to stay calm, "Afternoon Mrs. Tanaka. How are you today."
The woman's face is bright red with her already built up fury. In one hand she clutches a very gaudy purse and the other a boy the same age as Yuuta. He's had run-ins with her before, she has another son about Naoki's age.
"I can't believe they let you and yours in here. I warned them that your mongrels would be dangerous. Just look at who's raising them. Two men," She looks completely disgusted and her too thin face seems to change colors, "its utterly against nature. Unnatural."
"Yeah, well people used to think superpowers were unnatural. Times change." He tells her before turning on his heel and walking away.
He's learned there is no point in trying to get her to see reason. It upsets the kids and it's just better to cut it short and leave. Yuuta is already huddling into him as it is because Tanaka is not above cornering children without their parents. Tanaka has cornered poor Yuu before to tell him in not so nice terms to stay away from her son. The boys aren't even in the same class. She sputters after him but he hears some staff member come to scold her for making a scene and doesn't turn back.
"That lady is mean. She won't let - let her son be in my class," Yuuta pauses thinking, "because - cuz Mrs. Ishikawa has a wife."
"Oh, yeah? I didn't know that. Did you get to meet her?" He asks adjusting Yuuta a bit as he walks. Yuuta nods rapidly a big grin splitting his face. The boy doesn't talk much and when he does its usually short or stop-and-go type sentences so they try to prompt him as much as they can to get him more comfortable with talking.
"She brought us cookies. She not from here. She came - um - came from the - the one place."
"The one place?" Hizashi questions setting Yuuta down so he can unlock the car. Yuuta seems the think about it clearly not remember the name of the country he was trying to say. Something comes to him though as Hizashi is helping him into his seat.
"The place like you talk," Yuuta says ruby eyes clearly indicating that Hizashi should know what he's talking about. "Like I talk?" He laughs though because it sounds like something Shouta might say. It must be an English speaking country he thinks. He can speak other languages too but English is his big one primarily American English since that's what he teaches, "Was she from the US?"
"Yeah, that's it!"
"That's super cool."
Yuuta nods furiously in agreement, his light green hair bouncing around his face with the motion.  Hizashi laughs beforehand a soft sheep plush to Yuuta to hold on to for the trip home. They're on the road home before Yuuta pipes up again, "Teacher's wife called Mrs. Tanaka a Karen."
It takes a lot of effort to stay on the road at that. He works with teenagers and specifically handles the foreign exchange student's affairs. He knows the joke but Yuuta seems mystified. Yuuta goes on to declare so when he says, "I don't get it but Teacher thought it was funny. Whats a Karen, Papa?"
Hizashi is trying really hard not to bust out laughing, "It's ah-a really mean person who doesn't let little boys have candy." A snicker escapes despite his best efforts though.
Yuuta's eyes blink in horror, candy is probably his favorite thing after his smiley face blanket.
"Don't worry I won't let any mean Karens get you." He says and Yuu looks relieved as he dramatic puts his hand on his chest and lets out loud sigh of relief.
It's not until a few hours later while he's grading essays that his words come back to haunt him. Yuuta comes scrambling from the bath only half dressed because the kid is highly against clothing and its miracle they get him to stay dressed in public. His upbringing before Hizashi and Shouta had been a bit 'free-range' which amounted to the kid being something of jungle-boy.
Hitoshi is the one who gets him first snagging him under his arms and lifting him. Shouta has trailed out of the bathroom with the boy's pajama pants by this point too. Hizashi notes the other man's shirt is completely soaked through as if he'd gotten good splashing.
"Toto, Toto." He says desperately wiggling his legs in the air.
"What's up?" Hitoshi questions setting the kid down again and taking the time to fix the smaller boys shirt.
"Daddy is a Karen!" A brief moment of confusion passes across Hizashi wheezes.
"What are you teaching this kid?" Shouta questions which only makes Hizashi burst into full-on laughter. It's loud enough to draw the girls' attention from where they're showing Eri what manga is and even Naoki wanders from his room to see what's going on.
Hitoshi shakes his head, "I think he broke."



Chapter End Notes
I did change the title of the fic from 'The First Morning and Hopefully More to Come' to 'The First Morning and Other Moments' with this chapter. Not necessarily less of a mouthful but the original idea was it was fics that would take place in the morning as a theme now it's just gonna slice-of-life- type fics. Also, I have Tumblr for fics/writing {kazekhaosfanfics} so if you wanna its there ;3


An Old Routine
Chapter Summary
To most everyone else it's a mystery if Mic is talking about children in general or someone specific. To them, it's a familiar routine . . .
Chapter Notes
I was actually gonna work on another chapter for Heart of Glass but then my brain decided this was more important. Look forward to that happening hopefully soonish - if my brain cooperates - but also already thinking about the next part of this one. I wanna do something with Naoki or Eri. Maybe both? :D



Rain pelted at the windows with the promise of a good storm. The wind outside drowned out only by the sound of Hizashi's voice, rowdy and eager, coming from the radio commenting on some event or other. It was getting late Shouta realized looking up from the papers he'd been reading.With an uneasy sigh he set aside his current project and adjust the small shape sleeping in his lap. Looking into the kid with the mind-controlling quirk had pulled up some surprises. Things Shouta wasn't exactly unfamiliar with but never got easier to deal with. "Better these things get taken care of quickly." He muttered making a note to have a meeting with Nezu as soon as possible."Let's get you into bed kid." He said quietly lifting the boy in his lap as he stood. It was getting easier now with Recovery Girl's help. Something he was thankful for if only so Hizashi would stop hovering. Shou loved him and he understood considering the injuries he'd sustained it had just gotten a tad irritating. It had taken all he had to convince Zashi to get back to his radio show - if only because they would need him to take time from it to be with kids when the summer training started.Yuuta's room was just across the hall from his and Zashi's and the door was helpfully wide open. Without the risk of bumping some of his still sore injuries, he crossed the threshold. The boy made a soft nose as Shouta laid him in the car-shaped bed. "You're okay." He said softly even though the boy didn't wake fully. He smoothed a few unruly locks from Yuuta's face where the light green strands had fallen. "Now where is that blanket of yours?" He muttered.He flicked on the nightlight but didn't immediately spot the blanket but there was the sound of someone coming up the stairs. Too heavy to be the girls and without Hizashi home it must be Naoki. True to form the teen appeared in the doorway - holding the blanket. Naoki handed it to him, "He left it on the couch."The thing was green and adorned with more than a couple dozen different smiley faces. Emi and Nemuri had gifted it to Yuuta not long after he'd come to stay with them for good. The boy loved it and it went with him almost everywhere. Nodding his thanks Shouta took the offered fabric and tucked it around Yuuta. If he woke up without it there would most likely be tears.They left the bedroom door cracked open as they left. He stopped in the office, to grab the radio tuned to Hizashi's radio show, then followed Naoki down the stairs. The sound of the tv coming to the living room and the girls' voices greeted him a the bottom. The twins were at each others hip watching a two-tailed cat and boy interact on the screen. Shizuka parroted the words of the boy just before the end credits started to roll making Kotone laugh."Alright girls bedtime."Thankfully they untangle from their blanket nest on the couch without complaint. He ruffles Kotone's blond hair as she wobbles past him and lets Shizuka take the radio. It's still on playing Hizashi's radio station. Naoki stays in the living room folding the blankets they left behind. Kotone rolls into her bed with little effort. Shizuka seems to decide that climbing the ladder to the top bunk isn't worth the effort and crawls in with her sister.The radio sits on the stand next to the bed letting Hizashi's voice fill the room, "It's getting pretty late and hear it some little listener's bedtime now."To most everyone else it's a mystery if Mic is talking about children in general or someone specific. To them, its a familiar routine used to put the girls to bed since they were small. Kotone buries her face into a pillow drawing a random plush, he's pretty sure it's the whale shark, from the crowd of them that always occupy her bed. Shizuka rolls on her side so she can look at the radio."Is Papa gonna be home soon?" She yawns.He grabs a stuffed triceratops from her bunk and tucks it in with her, "I'm sure he'll be home soon."Hizashi's voice is still coming from the radio, calm and soothing now, as he announces the next song he's gonna play. The soft vocals of the song drift out as Shouta pulls his phone from his pocket ready to hit the green button as soon as the phone starts ringing. As if drawn by the sound Kotone lifts her hand crawls over to drape over her twin."Hey there girls." Hizashi greets now from the phone. The girls yawn but greet him back, "Hi Papa.""Did you give Daddy trouble?"
"Not tonight," Shizuka laughs.
"Too tired." Kotone agrees.
"Then you should get some sleep. Gotta have lots of rest for tomorrow!"
"Be home soon?" Kotone yawns burying her face in his sister's shoulder.Shouta can almost hear the smile, can imagine it gentle and stretched across Hizashi's face, "Be home soon."It feels too long before Hizashi really is able to drag himself through the front door. He's trying not to yawn but one or two escape him when he enters the living room. Naoki is dead asleep at one of the couch, draped across the arm of it, in a position he's most certainly going to regret if left alone. Shouta's awake though at the other end as he strips his jacket off and drapes it over the back of the couch.Shouta rests his head on the back of the couch now watching as Hizashi meanders over to him. Hizashi kisses his forehead first, then the tip of his nose drawing a smile, before finally landing on his lips. They're quick soft kisses all with easily communicated meanings. I was thinking about you, I missed you, I love you."We should get Nao to bed," Shouta says, ever practical, but the smile tells Hizashi he understands.He laughs quietly in agreement. In the end, they only manage to get him to wiggle into a more forgiving position on the couch. Naoki is a heavy sleeper and once out was down until he got a significant amount of sleep. They tuck a blanket around his shoulders and leave him be heading to check on the other kids one last time for the night.He's always glad for his bed and Shouta, not necessarily in that order, when he feels this bone tired. Shouta doesn't seem to mind when Hizashi wraps around him like a boa constrictor. He only puts an arm around Hizashi's shoulders resting his face against the top of his head."Kotone wants a little sister," Shouta says as he drifts off.
Hizashi huffs amused, "Why do I sense foreshadowing?"



Blush
Chapter Summary
Something I had to write because of the lovely tiktok peeps :D It's quick and kind of trashy but I hope you like it ;3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Hitoshi doesn't know when it starts really just that it does.At first, it only happens at 1A's dorm building. He's just there visiting Aizawa when he passes Uraraka. He's been there before plenty of times so he's not really sure what makes her stop in her tracks on this particular occasion. Then she lights up like a small sun, "I love your shirt Shinsou! It's sooo cute!"He looks down, honestly not sure what shirt he's wearing today, a cartoon cat is on the front. The words 'Pawsome!' dance in an arc above the cat. Hizashi bought it for him when he saw him staring a little too hard at the cat. He feels the heat of his blush not sure how to take her positivity. He manages mutter a quick, "Thanks," as he ducks head to avoid looking her in the eye.He doesn't catch Uraraka's muttered, "Too precious!" It takes about a week for it to happen again. It's in the dorm again but this time he's sitting in the common room. Kouta has brought out his rabbit and a handful of 1A are in various positions on the floor watching it explore. It meanders over to him much to the jealousy of Jirou. Curiously it sniffs him and Hitoshi is almost sure it'll smell the half dozen cats they have in or around their house and run. Instead, it puts it's two front paws on his knee and tweaks its nose at him. Careful not to scare it he gently runs his hand along its soft fur.Jirou makes an odd noise in her throat before, "That's so cute Shinsou! It loves you."He's not sure what about the comment makes him blush but he lights up like a Christmas tree yet again. He tries to clear his throat as if that might banish the oddly pleased feeling in his chest. It doesn't and when Aizawa suddenly appears in the room he asks if Hitoshi has a fever.The third time it happens it's not at the dorms. Shinsou has been dragged along with the so-called 'Bakusquad' on some sort of outing. It's obvious it wasn't a planned out because Bakugo is, per usual, going ballistic about being followed. Kirishima seems unbothered by the blondes attitude and Sero and Mina are too busy discussing where to get lunch at. Kaminari though keeps pace with him even though he's notably trailing a little too far behind."It's getting really crowded out all of a sudden. Is there some event going on?"Kaminari is right though Shinsou notices especially after someone bumps him a little too hard and sends him into the blond. He flushes deep scarlet when Kaminari catches him before he can faceplant into the pavement. He's both relieved and disappointed when Kaminari retracts his hands from him."Jeez have some manners. At this rate we're gonna have to hold hands just so we don't lose each other." Kaminari mutters and if its possible Shinsou only flushes a darker shade of red.At some point most of the 1A kids are doing it constantly either by offering him a compliment or straight up calling him 'precious' or 'adorable'. He doesn't find it uncomfortable though but regardless he's usually making a hasty exit every time it happens. It takes maybe a month of it for his new family to catch on. It's Friday and mostly quiet when he makes it home except for the near constant background noise of a radio playing. It's tuned to Mic's radio station though its one of his sidekicks talking as the man himself can be heard in the kitchen.He's barely managed to get halfway into the living room when the small shape of Yuuta steps in his path. The boy blinks at him a few times then thrust a bag up at him as high as his little arms will go. Shinsou carefully takes the bag from the boy, "what's this?""Present!" Yuuta chirps excitedly then waits watching him expectantly.When he looks up the twins and Eri are watching from the back of the couch. Naoki is in his usual seat book in hand but the smile on his face makes it clear he's paying attention. Hizashi is still clattering around in the kitchen. Aizawa is nowhere to be seen. His eyes go back down to Yuuta who is still looking at him expectantly.Shinsou reaches into the bag and pulls out a tee shirt. He holds it up at the shoulders to look at it. It's dark grey with the word 'Biggest Brother' above a simply drawn cat and his name written out in english cursive script. He feels the blush again along with another feeling pressing behind his eyes."I got one too!" Yuuta says tugging on the edges of his shirt showing where it reads 'Littlest Brother' and his name.Naoki has one too and the girls pop from the couch to show them theirs. There's is a little different declaring order but with phrases that said something about making the rules (Kotone), being the reason for the rules (Shizuka), and how the rules don't apply (Eri).He rubs at his eyes trying to banish what he belated realize are tears. A hand ruffles his hair as Aizawa appears from nowhere. He has to stifle a laugh when he sees both Shouta and Hizashi wearing shirts declaring 'Two Dads are better than One' in rainbow lettering.He puts the shirt on at the insistence of his siblings and Hizashi pulls a camera from nowhere to take pictures. There is dinner and a series of movies and shenanigans late into the night. All the while there is a pleasing blush across his face and laughs when he sees it one Eri's face too. At some point they all pass out in various positions around the living room and if Aizawa lets the whole family sleep in the next day for once no one makes a comment about it.



Chapter End Notes
So yeah I spend too much time on tiktok watching BNHA cosplayers and I'm in a discord group of them and their fans. They're all super lovely people so this chapter in all its trash family glory is dedicated to them! They deserve all the positivity they can get!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



