



the body i hold and - deathsweetqueen - Multifandom
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

the body i hold and whisper my darling
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/23558950.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Marvel Cinematic Universe, The Avengers (Marvel Movies), Marvel, The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types, Captain America (Movies), Captain America - All Media Types, Iron Man (Movies)
Relationship:
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Character:
Steve Rogers, Tony Stark, Edwin Jarvis, Maria Stark, Howard Stark
Additional Tags:
Post-Avengers: Endgame (Movie), Alternate Universe - Time Travel, Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers, Indian Tony Stark, Hindu Tony Stark, Explicit Sexual Content, Dirty Talk, Daddy Kink, Sugar Daddy Steve Rogers, Identity Issues, Identity Porn, Tony Stark Has A Heart, Tony Stark Needs a Hug, Hurt Tony Stark
Collections:
Fanfics
Stats:

        Published: 2020-04-09
          Completed: 2020-05-21
          Chapters: 5/5
        Words: 22657
      

the body i hold and whisper my darling
by deathsweetqueen
Summary
Tony Stark is nineteen when he takes a seat at a bar, orders a shot of tequila, and twists his head to look at the man sitting beside him.He’s older, in his thirties, early to mid-thirties, if he’s guessing correctly, maybe even just slightly less than twice his age, with dark blonde hair and a beard covering half of his face, and his eyes fixed on his beer.“You look like shit,” he ends up saying, bluntly.The man looks up, and he has these blue eyes, blue eyes like a summer storm, and Tony finds himself stunned, a little turned on, by how beautiful this man is.He has the perfect ratio, Tony realises, the eyes and the hair and the jawline and the cheekbones.His eyes drag lower, and the man is built, like seriously built, with wide, muscled biceps, and a tapered-in waist, and those long, strong legs.“I feel like shit,” the man says, after a while.




i.



Tony Stark is nineteen when he takes a seat at a bar, orders a shot of tequila, and twists his head to look at the man sitting beside him.He’s older, in his thirties, early to mid-thirties, if he’s guessing correctly, maybe even just slightly less than twice his age, with dark blonde hair and a beard covering half of his face, and his eyes fixed on his beer.“You look like shit,” he ends up saying, bluntly.The man looks up, and he has these blue eyes, blue eyes like a summer storm, and Tony finds himself stunned, a little turned on, by how beautiful this man is.He has the perfect ratio, Tony realises, the eyes and the hair and the jawline and the cheekbones.His eyes drag lower, and the man is built, like seriously built, with wide, muscled biceps, and a tapered-in waist, and those long, strong legs.“I feel like shit,” the man says, after a while.Tony narrows his eyes. “Let me guess, wife kicked your ass to the curb?” he offers, almost sympathetically.The man laughs, a harsh, grating sound. “No, uh, I guess… well, I lost some people, and now I’m here, in the middle of… well, I don’t actually know where I am,” he muses.“You’re in Cambridge, Massachusetts,” Tony says, helpfully. “You know, where MIT is.”The man’s face changes. “Yeah, yeah, MIT,” he says, almost absently.“So, when you say you lost some people, did you misplace them, because they do have a police department here, you know, to deal with all the lost fratboy causes, who decide that the greatest accomplishment of their lives is to jump into some stranger’s pool, naked and drunk, and then get caught when some guy in his fluffy white robe comes storming outside with a shot gun? They’ll probably be able to help you,” Tony points out.“No, uh, this is a different kind of lost,” the man says, purposefully, smiling thin and frayed, as if trying to put Tony at ease.Tony’s not exactly someone who gets put at ease.“Oh, shit, I’m sorry, man,” Tony says, almost at a loss for words.He’s not good at the gooey feelings – Rhodey’s good at the gooey feelings, which is why Tony is currently missing the presence of a gooey to mechanical translator that would probably be very helpful right about now.“It’s okay,” the man says. “It was… it was a while ago. I guess I’m still trying to come to terms with it all.”“Well, I’ve got tequila, and something tells me that you need something a lot stronger than that pisswater you’re drinking,” Tony points out. “Come closer.”The man quirks his eyebrow. “Yeah? You’re just casually offering me a bottle of tequila?”Tony grins – this man has been talking to him for the better part of fifteen minutes now, and he still hasn’t figured out who he is; Tony considers that a win, so he’s happy enough to share his tequila.“Yo, Agnes,” Tony calls out to the bartender. “Can I get the whole tequila bottle?”Agnes glares at him. “Am I going to have to tow you to the emergency room in a fucking wheelbarrow?” she demands.“I’ll take care of him,” the man says, suddenly, shooting Agnes a charming, pearl-cut smile that makes the middle-aged woman blush right down to her collar.Agnes just smiles back, the corners of her mouth fluttering, and she backs away, leaving the bottle of tequila on the counter.“Oh, so, now you’re taking care of me, are you?” Tony teases.The man lifts his chin up in defiance. “Yeah, you got a problem with that?”Tony has the sudden image of the Man pinning him up against a wall, Tony’s back to his chest, fucking him until his eyes roll back into his head.“Oh, I have absolutely no problem at all,” Tony muses.Tony opens the bottle of tequila, pouring two generous shots for each of them.The night devolves from there – it becomes a lot of laughing and teasing and joking and honestly, because Tony doesn’t know this man’s name and the Man doesn’t know that he’s talking to Tony Stark, one of the smartest people in the world, even at nineteen, and son of millionaire weapons’ magnate, Howard Stark, there are a lot of painful confessions from both of them, and a lot of comforting (and yes, even Tony can comfort; he is capable of those sorts of mushy feelings when he puts his mind to it).Tony had known from the beginning of the night, from the moment where he angled his head to watch the man sitting next to him, and noticed those blue, blue eyes of his and his strong jawline and those firm thighs, that there was only one way to end this meeting.So, Tony puts his hand on the Man’s thigh and looks up at him through the dip of his long, dark eyelashes.The Man just stares at him for a long, quiet moment, his eyes wide with surprise.Maybe he’s closeted, Tony thinks. Maybe he’s completely straight and he’s wondering whether he should punch me in the face.“Tony,” the Man says, quietly.Tony withdraws his hand. “Let me guess, you don’t swing that way?” he says, dryly.“No, no, it’s not that at all,” the Man says, hurriedly.“I’m not your type?” Tony offers.“No, you are most certainly my type.”There’s a strange hollowness to the way the words come out that makes a knot form in his throat.“Is there… someone else?” Tony asks, hesitantly, wracking his brain from their hours of conversation to see if he’d mentioned a wife or a husband or a girlfriend or a boyfriend or a lover that might require his fidelity.“No, there isn’t anyone else.”“So, I don’t understand what the problem is,” Tony says, slowly.“Tony,” the Man sighs. “Tony, you’re nineteen.”“What does that have to do with anything?” Tony asks, his voice sharp around the edges of the words.The Man smiles almost. “Do you know how old I am?”Tony peers at him, cataloguing the crow’s feet around the corners of his eyes, the hard muscle coiled underneath his skin.“Thirty-two?” he asks.The Man shakes his head. “I’m thirty-eight,” he replies, his voice solemn and strained.Tony’s eyes flicker with surprise before he can claw it back. “Oh,” he says, lamely.“Yeah, oh,” the Man says, sadly. “So, you see why this would be a bad idea.”“No, actually, I don’t,” he says, with that vaulted stubbornness of his.The Man scowls. “I am twice your age,” he says, disapproval curling at the edge of his words.“Yeah, and?” Tony pushes. “I’m not a baby. I’m nineteen. I’m over the age of consent in Massachusetts, and I’m not a virgin.”Something in the Man’s face tightens – it piques Tony’s interest, a kink that they might be able to explore if Tony is competent enough to get the Man to leave this bar with him.“Look,” Tony sighs. “I’m not asking for you to marry me. All I’m saying is that I think you’re insanely handsome, and I wouldn’t mind spending the next couple of hours having hot sex with you in a hotel room. If you’re really not interested, then, I’ll stop. We can return to the tequila and the good conversation, or if I’ve thoroughly terrified you for a night with my shameless come-on, you can leave, and you’ll never have to hear from me again. It’s all up to you.”The Man shakes his head. “I’m twice your age,” he insists.Tony shrugs. “I just find that exceedingly hot,” he says, simply.The Man looks absolutely bemused. “I don’t understand that all.”Tony’s face takes on a wicked nature. “Are you sure?” he asks, in a soft voice, leaning closer to the Man, his hand curling around the Man’s knee. “Are you sure you don’t understand why I would find it attractive that you’re twice my age?”The Man’s throat flexes. “Tony,” he says, roughly.“You’re telling me that you don’t understand why I would want someone like you inside me, why I would want you to fuck me against the wall, keeping me pinned on your cock with those big, beautiful hands of yours, making me squirm until I was screaming your name?” Tony offers.The Man’s face pales. “Oh, hell,” he moans.He covers his face with his hand, but he doesn’t nudge out of Tony’s grip, doesn’t push Tony away or bat at the hand on his knee. He stays still, and so, Tony sidles closer, so close that Tony’s chest is brushing up against the Man’s arm, so close that he’d be able to burrow his nose against the hollow of the Man’s throat.“I want you, darling,” Tony tells him. “Now, the ball is in your court.”He pulls back, and the Man is left staring at him. Tony waits for what seems like an eternity, and the Man continues to stare at him. Finally, it’s something akin to disappointment that curls in his chest, and he gets ready to slip off the barstool, make his way back to his apartment even as the world spins around him due to the tequila, but fingers threading through his keep him rooted to the spot.Tony looks at the Man in surprise.“This is probably a terrible idea,” the Man tells him, mournfully.An uneasy smile paints Tony’s lips. “But?” he says, hopefully.“But I don’t know if I’ve ever wanted anyone the way I want you,” the Man replies, his voice and soft, like a slow drip of honey.Tony’s smile becomes bright and genuine. “Yeah?” he says, almost shyly.“Yeah.”“Good,” Tony says and slips off the edge of his barstool, holding a hand out. “Shall we?”The Man sinks his teeth into his lower lip, red as a ripe berry, and he takes Tony’s hand, tangling their fingers together, following him out the door like a lost puppy.“We want a room,” Tony tells the old, balding, pot-bellied receptionist at the closest cheap motel near the bar, slamming a hundred-dollar bill down onto the desk.The receptionist drags his eyes from the small television set perched on one corner of the desk to Tony and double takes, dragging his eyes down the length of him. His perusal of Tony stops at the way that his thighs look in those jeans, and a scowl begins to edge over Tony’s mouth at how blatant he is with his ogling.But before he can say anything cold and testicle-shrivelling at the audacity of this perverted octogenarian, he feels the sensation of a dark rumble against the notches of his spine, and he looks behind him to see the Man rigid with fury, gnashing his teeth together like a beast.“If you don’t put your eyes back in your head, I’m gonna take ‘em out of their sockets,” the Man says, simply, sending the receptionist a look like steel.The receptionist swallows hard and quickly takes the money, pulling one of the spare keys off the wall, and handing it to Tony. His hands are clammy with sweat when he gives Tony the keys, and his fingers slip a few times, but he finally manages to land them in Tony’s palm.“Score,” Tony says, triumphantly, turning to the Man. “Come on, Jealous McJealousy.”“That is the dumbest thing that anyone has ever called me,” the Man declares, but follows Tony outside into the cool night air and the rickety staircase that leads to the second floor.When the door to the motel room closes, the Man crowds Tony against the door and cradles his face between his hands, kissing him hard and deep, until Tony is gasping against him.“Wow,” he says, a little dazed when the Man pulls back. “You are very good at that.”The Man grins down at him, shamelessly. “I’m glad you think so.”Tony leans forward and kisses him, slipping his tongue into his mouth so that he can lick behind the Man’s teeth. The Man groans and pushes him back against the door with a dull thud of impact, and then, he lifts him up, winding Tony’s legs around his waist.Tony pulls away, staring down at their new position.“Can you seriously balance me against the wall?” he asks, surprised and turned on.The Man flushes and nods.“Fuck, that’s hot,” he mutters and seizes the Man’s mouth all over again, his fingers winding into his dark golden hair, nails scraping against his scalp.The Man’s big, deft hands slip under his shirt, easing up his ribs, and Tony pushes back so that he can rub up against the Man like a cat in heat.“You like that?” the Man whispers, almost awed, at how responsive Tony already is.“I like you,” Tony corrects, with a quick, bright grin, draping his arms around the Man’s broad shoulders. “I like the way you touch me. I like your hands.” He tilts his head. “I feel safe when you’re around,” he says, almost shyly.The Man’s throat flexes, and he slants his mouth over Tony’s, hard and pressing. “I want you,” he says, gruffly. “I don’t think I’ve ever wanted anyone like I want you.”“Good,” Tony says, breathlessly. “Should we take this to the bed?”“Yes,” the Man groans.And then, he lifts Tony, like he’s a sack of potatoes but much light, with his arms and legs wrapped around his body, and carries him over to the bed, laying him out on the sheets.Tony burrows himself into the mattress, letting a smile spread across his face, as the Man looms over him.“Well?” Tony says, his voice sly and soft. “How do you want to do this?”The Man frowns and leans back on his knees. “Uh, I don’t actually know,” he says, slowly. “I’ve never done this before.”Tony purses his lips. “As in, you’ve never been with a man before?” he clarifies.
Oh, God, please tell me I didn’t go home with someone who’s going to start screaming at the thought of getting their dick in my ass.
“As in, I’ve never done anything like this before with anyone, man or woman,” the Man clarifies.Tony blinks at him, his brain momentarily shutting down. Slowly, it starts to reboot.“I’m sorry, let me get this straight; you’ve never had sex before, with anyone?” Tony says, slowly. “As in, you’re a virgin?”The Man shrugs. “Pretty much.”“But you’re thirty-eight,” Tony points out. “How can you possibly be a virgin at thirty-eight?”The Man makes a face. “I guess the occasion never came up,” he says, simply.Tony sits up. “But you look like that,” he says, gesturing wildly. “How is that possible?”The Man smiles a little. “Like I said, the occasion has never come up.”“But-but, I mean, if you’d gone to a bar like you did tonight, what, no drunk sorority girl or frat bastard ever climbed into your lap and stuck their tongue down your throat?” Tony asks, sceptically.The Man huffs out a laugh. “No one ever did that, and I’m… not much of a barfly,” he confesses.Tony chews on his lower lip, the anxiety clamping around his body like a terrible vice. “And you’re sure, I mean, you’re sure you want to… lose your virginity with me?” he says, carefully.The Man frowns. “Why wouldn’t I?”“I’m just saying,” Tony says, quickly, wringing his hands together. “I mean, it’s sort of a momentous occasion, right, having sex for the first time? Are you sure you want that momentous occasion to be with me?”The Man stares at him for a long, quiet moment. “How did you lose your virginity?” he asks, curiously.Tony shrugs. “I had this boyfriend, when I was a teenager,” he explains. “I snuck out of the house one night, and we had sex in his car over some look-out point. It was very 80s horror movie-esque.”“Minus the horror, I’m assuming,” the Man says.“There was blood,” Tony muses.The Man looks horrified.“We were fourteen,” Tony hastens to explain. “And we were convinced that spit was enough lube. Suffice to say, it was uncomfortable. But we got better at it, as time passed, and then, he turned out to be a sociopathic douchebag, so I dumped his ass.” He shakes his head. “Okay, the change in subject is dizzying, and we’ve definitely veered away from my original point. My first time was shitty, sure, but I’ve had loads of great sex since then. And it doesn’t mean you should follow in my footsteps. If you want your first time to be perfect and not just an opportunity for you to get rid of a social construct, I mean, I could make it that, if you’d like, or you know, you might want to find someone who’s a little more wholesome-”“That’s not what I want,” the Man cuts him off.Tony blinks. “Oh, well, fast and dirty, I can-”“I just want you,” the Man says, softly.Tony swallows hard, past the little, hopeful knot in her throat. “Yeah?” he says, hoping that the hope isn’t bright across his face.“Yeah,” the Man replies with a shy smile.“Oh, well, I’m glad,” he says, bashfully. “So, uh, did we decide on boundaries, wants and desires for night?”“No, I don’t think we did,” the Man tells him.“Okay, uh, I don’t like to be tied down unless I expressly asked for. Nothing over my face, because I get claustrophobic. I don’t do biting or pinching or slapping or punching-”The Man’s face darkens.“I don’t mind some spanking, but nothing to make me bleed,” Tony lists off. “No rubbing me with bodily fluids. I don’t like my nipples bitten. I am regularly tested, and I am clean. I have no health issues that you should be aware of, and I am not on any long-term medication. What about you?”The Man swallows hard. “I, uh, have no particular likes and dislikes. I don’t like water or ice. I don’t like to be, uh, blindfolded, and the whole face covering thing too, for me, I guess. I don’t like the rough stuff either. I’m clean too, no health issues, no long-term medication either.” He rubs the back of his head. “Do you need any more information?”“No, I think we’re good; I think we just need to keep talking to each other. If I do something you don’t like, tell me, and I’ll do the same,” Tony says, with a shrug of his shoulders.“Okay, then,” the Man whispers.He leans forward and brushes his mouth against Tony’s, who hums, crawling forward so that he can perch in the Man’s lap. The Man groans, his hands gripping at Tony’s hips, his fingers slotting into the grooves of his hipbone, just barely sliding under the thin shirt that he’s wearing.“You like this?” Tony pants against his mouth, grinding down where he can feel the hard length of the Man’s cock.“Yes, yeah, I like this,” the Man growls.His big, deft hand covers the nape of Tony’s neck, and he feels that sudden rush of predatory want settle deep in his belly, between his legs, his cock twitching against his stomach“You can take my clothes off, you know?” Tony teases. “I wouldn’t have come to this hotel room with you if I wasn’t prepared to let you take all my clothes off.”The Man’s throat flexes, and he reaches for the hem of the thin shirt that Tony is wearing, lifting it high and above his head, so that Tony can withdraw his head from it. The Man crumbles the cotton between his long, elegant fingers and throws it against the wall. Then, he’s wrapping his long arms around Tony’s torso and bearing him down against the mattress, so that he can settle his body over Tony’s and between his legs.Tony kisses him, deep and messy, his fingers tangling in the Man’s dark golden hair. The Man’s hands go to the button of his jeans, yanking it down his legs, the look in his pale eyes obscene and relentless. He leans down to bite Tony on his hip, making him shudder against him. Tony slips his hands underneath the tight Henley that the Man is wearing, smoothing his hands over the planes of his back, nails digging into his shoulders.The Man hisses in impatience, sitting back on his haunches, and drags the Henley off his shoulders.“Holy shit,” Tony declares, almost in awe, staring at his chest.The Man drags his hand over his face, his skin heating up at Tony’s blatant appreciation.“You… are a god,” Tony declares, chasing the Man’s mouth with his own.The Man laughs, softly. “I’m really not.”“I want to write sonnets in dedication of your chest,” Tony tells him, solemnly.The Man kisses him, softly, on the cheek, making Tony flush right down to his neck.“Come on, take off your jeans, so we can fuck this night away, handsome,” Tony tells him, breathlessly.“As you wish,” the Man jokes.“And you even quoted The Princess Bride to me,” Tony says, holding his hand against his chest. “Uh, how did we meet in some dive bar in fucking Cambridge? I feel like we should have met at the MET gala or something?”“I guess fate happens in some strange way,” the Man says with an uneasy smile.Ugh, maybe he’s taking this too far – they did just meet a few hours ago, after all, and the Man was promised a night of hot sex with an equally hot little thing; not a discussion of marriage and babies that looked perfectly ‘halfie’ between the two of them.“Jeans?” Tony says, recovering, with a quirk of his eyebrow.The Man grins, and before his hands can slip down to the waistband of his jeans, Tony’s clever little fingers are there instead, pulling the belt from the loops, pushing the button free and pulling down the zipper.“You wear tightie-whities,” Tony says, delighted.The Man flushes again, this time a blotchy pink that goes all the way to his hairline. “They’re legitimate underwear,” he says, defensively.Tony smooths his palm down the Man’s face. “Oh, of course they are,” he soothes. “I was just making an observation.”“You’re mocking me,” the Man accuses without much heat.“Guilty,” Tony says, with a shrug of his shoulders. “Now, off with the tightie-whities.”Tony lifts his legs, planting his feet on the Man’s waist, rolling the underwear down until he can shuffle it off his body.“Well, look who showed up to the party,” Tony says, appreciatively, tilting his head to peer at the Man’s cock.The Man swallows. “I’m guessing that’s a good reaction,” he says, slowly.“That’s a very good reaction,” Tony muses. “You might be the biggest that I’ve ever had.”The Man flushes even darker.“It’s not a bad thing. I mean, we’re gonna need lube, lots and lots of lube, so that when you put your cock inside me, it’ll be good for me,” Tony says, plainly.The Man’s cock twitches, beading with pre-come.“And someone likes that idea,” he muses.The Man huffs out a laugh. “My penis isn’t a separate person to myself, Tony,” he reminds him.“Are you sure, because it looks like it’s big enough to be one?” Tony retorts.The Man growls. “Get over here,” he says, and his mouth comes down hard on Tony’s, stealing whatever he might have said in the next instant.His hands are everywhere before Tony even knows what’s happening, as if the Man is trying to memorise every inch, every plane of Tony’s body, just in case this is a dream. His hands skate over Tony’s shoulders and his chest and his belly, and then, they crowd his thighs apart, so that the Man can hook his arms underneath.“Fuck,” Tony pants, his body flushed and vibrating all over, his cock hard and straining towards his stomach.“You are the most beautiful person I have ever seen,” the Man says, honestly.Tony drags his hand over his face, shivering in embarrassment. “You don’t get to say that, you’re a virgin,” he accuses, half-heartedly.The Man lifts an eyebrow. “That doesn’t mean that I’ve never seen a naked body before,” he points out.“Porn doesn’t count,” Tony protests.The Man chuckles and leans down, biting into the dark of Tony’s muscled thigh. Tony winds his hand into the Man’s hair, as he trails his mouth all over the soft flesh of his thighs, leaving them bruised with kisses. He nuzzles at the join of his thigh, against the patch of dark pubic hair at the base of Tony’s cock, which he absurdly doesn’t touch.The Man lifts his head, and the little sigh of air over Tony’s cock, makes him let out a noise, soft and needy, and he tugs on the Man’s dark blonde hair purposefully.“What’s wrong?” the Man asks, carefully, lifting his head. “Did I do something you didn’t like?”“No, no,” Tony insists, dragging his fingers loosely through the Man’s hair. “It’s just… that I don’t want to come like that.”The Man frowns. “How else do you…?”“I want you to fuck me with that big, beautiful cock of yours, and I want to come like that, impaled on that big, beautiful cock,” Tony muses, bending forward, so that he can run his tongue over the Man’s lower lip.The Man turns red. “Yeah?”“Yeah,” Tony says, fondly. “You should probably start with stretching me.”“Oh, I don’t have any…” the Man flounders. “Lube, I don’t have any lube.”“Wait,” Tony says and stretches across the bed, over the edge, so that he can fish his wallet from his jeans, finding a little packet of lube stashed between the folds. “Success!”He brandishes the packet out at the Man, who takes it, carefully, like it’s a bomb that’s about to explode.“So, cover your fingers with it, and you don’t have to use too much.”The Man’s eyes dart up to his. “But I’m, uh,” he flushes a little. “I’m big, Tony. Are you sure I shouldn’t use a lot of lube?”Tony grins, staring up at him through a heavy, lidded stare. “I like it rough,” he says, innocently.His words draw a long, punched-out groan from the back of the Man’s throat, rumbling deep and through in his chest. The Man does as he’s told, though, ripping open the packet and coating his fingers with the lube.The Man, with some new intensity and confidence, works his fingers between Tony’s legs, even before he can open his mouth, and brushes against his tight rim, making Tony clench and spread his legs wide, planting his feet wide on the mattress. One finger slides knuckle-deep into Tony’s body, and he grinds down, swallowing a mouth full of saliva at the stretch and burn, leaning into it. Then, it was two fingers and three, and he’s pushing them back inside Tony, crooking and twisting them mercilessly until Tony’s skirting the edge of pain and he’s shuddering like a wildcat against the sheets, staring up at the Man with a lascivious sort of look in his eyes.“Like that?” the Man says, his eyes blown wide and dark, as he drags them over Tony’s gleaming body, stretching like a cat, with Tony’s hole full of his fingers.“Don’t stop,” Tony moans, burying his face in the sheets.“It doesn’t hurt?” the Man asks, worriedly.Tony bites his lips and bears down, feeling the burn skate up and settling in his lungs, making his cock impossibly hard and weep pre-come.“No, it hurts,” he tells him, his voice low and rough. “But it’s a good hurt, you know?”If it were even possible, the Man’s eyes dilate further. His big, deft hand curls around Tony’s thigh, hard enough to bruise, and spreads him even wider for his purposes.“You really meant it when you said you liked it rough, huh?”“I never lie when it comes to my kinks,” Tony tells him, cheerfully, and then, his mouth drops open, when the next, firm push of the Man’s fingers inside his body catches against his prostate and makes tears burn at his eyes with the pressure and sensation.Tony reaches down and tries to bat the Man’s hand away, but he holds fast, curling his fingers.“I don’t want to come on your fingers,” he whines, high and desperate. “I want your cock in my ass. I want to ride you until I’m crying.”“Not yet,” the Man says, sharply. “Not until I’m done.”“But I’ll come,” Tony begs in a small voice, wondering when he’d lost control of the situation, when his erstwhile lover had turned from a bashful virgin to a skilled Lothario.“So?” the Man lifts an eyebrow. “You’re nineteen, sweetheart. You’ll come more than once tonight.”Tony groans and lets his head fall back onto the lumpy pillow atop the mattress, whining when the Man’s fingers brush against his prostate again.“I thought you were a virgin,” he mutters.The Man leans down, smiling against the warm inside of his thigh and then, he presses a kiss to the jut of his hipbones. “I am, but that doesn’t mean I don’t have an imagination.”Tony takes a deep breath and fixes his eyes on the Man’s, hoping that his expression turns seductive. “Come on, handsome,” he coaxes, dragging his teeth over his lower lip. “Why don’t you put that big, beautiful cock of yours in me?”“Put it where, sweetheart?” the Man asks, smoothly. “You’ve got more than one hole.”“In my ass,” Tony says, without flinching. “Put that big, beautiful cock of yours in my ass.”The Man’s free hand circles his rim, which flutters and clenches down in response, tight around his fingers, as if they’re trying to pull the digits off by the knuckle.“I will put my cock right here, in your ass,” he promises. “I’m going to fuck you stupid with it.”“Yeah?” Tony asks, hopefully.“Yeah,” the Man says, roughly, and then, gripping the slope of Tony’s hip, flips his entire body, with Tony’s yelp, so that he’s lying on his stomach.“How the fuck did you do that?” Tony asks, confused, breathing hard, looking over his shoulder.The Man leans down and kisses Tony’s gleaming shoulder blade. “I’m strong.”Tony’s cock weeps a streak of pre-come over the dip of his belly. “Shit,” he hisses.The Man’s hand cracks down on Tony’s ass, making him shout out and look over his shoulder incredulously once more.“What, was that not okay?” the Man asks, worriedly.“No, it was, uh,” Tony runs her tongue over her lower lip. “It was really good. Don’t stop.”The Man twists his fingers inside Tony’s body mercilessly, and Tony arches his back, scratching against the sheets, his vision beginning to blur.“Please, please,” he begs, through the half-dark of his lidded eyes.“Not yet, baby boy,” the Man hums.“What do I call you?” Tony asks, suddenly, trying hard to shift onto his side but the Man holds him there, pinned on his stomach.“Huh?”“What do I call you?” Tony repeats, slowly. “You know my name, but I don’t know yours. Or…” he takes on a wicked grin. “Maybe you don’t want me to call you by your name. Maybe you want me to call you something else?”The Man clears his throat. “Like what?”“Sir, Master…” Tony’s smile is bright, blazing instantaneously across his face. “Daddy?”



ii.



“Fuck,” the Man curses, and Tony feels his cock twitching proudly against his thighs.“I guess we have it,” Tony sighs.“Fuck, Tony, I’m so sorry,” the Man stutters.“Why are you sorry?” Tony asks, confused. “Everyone has their kinks in bed. Yours is just that you liked to be called Daddy in bed. I suppose it even makes sense. You are twice my age.”“But isn’t it a little… uncomfortable?” the Man says, awkwardly.“I’m not living out my daddy issues in bed with you,” he says, with a roll of his eyes. “Matter of fact, I never called my father daddy.” He scrunches up his face. “Fact is, I never called him much of anything, but I called him dad, when I did, and you aren’t rubbing up against my unresolved childhood inadequacies, I promise.”“So, you really don’t mind calling me daddy?” the Man clarifies.Tony stares up at him through the half-dark of his lidded eyes. “Please, Daddy,” he whines, reaching up and practically rutting against him.The Man’s hand cracks down on his ass again, leaving a red-hot sting, and Tony starts shuddering, leaning into the touch. His cock spurts out pre-come over his belly, and then, the Man twists his fingers almost cruelly inside Tony’s body, and before Tony even knows what’s happening, he’s coming, coming hard all over his belly, lights dancing behind his eyes and all of his muscles seizing up.“Shit, shit, shit,” Tony hisses, shuddering from head to foot, goosebumps rushing across his skin, as his chest heaves and he rides out the waves of pleasure.“Good?” the Man asks, leaning down and licking up the come staining his belly.“Fuck,” Tony moans, feeling his cock harden slowly. “You are evil.”The Man smiles against his stomach. “I just want to make you feel good.”Tony sighs. “You’re doing that in spades,” he murmurs, patting him on the head.And then, the Man’s hand is winding in Tony’s hair, tugging not hard enough to make him wince, but enough that there’s a pleasant sting that makes him fully hard. The Man uses the grip on his hair to pull him up to his knees, and he kisses him hard, deep and messy, letting Tony perch in his lap.The Man’s thumb settles against Tony’s lower lip, dragging down so he can see a hint of pearly-white teeth.“You’ve been a naughty boy, haven’t you, Tony?” he asks, softly.Tony’s a little dazed from his earlier orgasm, and he lets his eyes flutter shut. “Have I been, Daddy?”“You came without asking me if you were allowed to come,” the Man tells him. “You were a slutty, shameless thing, weren’t you? Only thinking of your own pleasure.”The Man’s thumb pries open his lip, and Tony closes his mouth around it, his cheeks hollowing around the digit, as if he were miming how his lips would look, wrapped around the Man’s cock. He sucks the Man’s thumb shallowly, for a moment, before letting it slip out of his mouth with a dull pop.“I was, Daddy,” he says, in a small voice. “I was a naughty boy, a bad boy, a slut.”“Such a slut,” the Man agrees with a low, punched-out groan that rumbles deep in his chest.
Okay, fun kink realised.
His hand slips in between their bodies, and Tony watches as the Man’s fingers wrap around his own cock, pale against pale, and Tony feels it prod between his legs, the head finding his swollen, damp rim. Tony’s body is shuddering like a wildcat on top of him, rocking himself down against the Man’s hard, muscled thigh, until his cock is leaking, and he wants something inside him, he’s certain of that.“Fuck,” the Man curses. “I need in that sweet little hole of yours now.”His hand fumbles around his cock, and suddenly, Tony is bearing down on him, the Man’s cock sliding into him at an angle that stretches him taut.The whine that is produced from Tony’s throat is muffled as the Man takes his mouth with his own, winding his hand into his hair, tight against his scalp. Tony rakes his nails down the Man’s back, leaving red ribbons in his wake, as he’s filled and stretched out with the Man fucking inside him. He’s filling Tony deeper, rougher, his strong fingers biting into Tony’s hipbone, sure to leave bruises come the next morning, and each thrust drags the air out of Tony’s lungs, making him gasp for air.Tony’s insides clamp down around the Man’s cock.“God, you look so good like that, squirming on my cock, baby boy,” the Man groans, his voice like grinding stone, with a hitch in his breath like his control is completely shot.The blood pounds in Tony’s ears, as well as the wet, sodden, smacking sounds that the Man makes between his legs with his thrusts, and his head is lolling, his eyes practically rolling back inside his head with the sensation. The Man smirks, tugging his head back with a firm hand, and mouths at the hollow of his throat, leaving a burn there from his thick beard.God, Tony’s going to be marked to hell after this night.The Man gropes at his ass and pounds into him at a brutal pace, his hands so tight that Tony couldn’t escape even if he wanted to, just left to be impaled and squirm unthinkingly on his cock until the Man is done with him, as he manhandles him like a fucking rag doll, which is much hotter than it has any right to be.Tony didn’t think he had submissive tendencies (and in all of his previous hot, naked yum-yum times, with the exception of Tiberius Stone, he’d taken control, even if he’d bottomed), but the Man was clearly changing his mind about that.He chances a look down at himself and his skin is flushed all over, a bright, hot pink that melds well with his dark brown skin, making the contrast between his tone and the Man’s tone even stronger in an aesthetic pleasure that Tony didn’t even realise he could appreciate.This night is full of firsts.The Man slides all the way out, and Tony is left to gasp for air, suspended in mid-air, and then, he’s being lower onto the Man’s cock again, with ease.“You like that, huh?” the Man compliments, with a laugh of his own, something that’s not derisive in any way, but more awed that anything.“Uh-huh,” Tony replies, running his tongue over a bead of sweat on his upper lip. “I’m a good little slut.”The Man groans at the words and pinches one of Tony’s nipples, making him whimper pathetically. His entire body racks in a shiver, as the hot, lovely rush of pleasure overtakes his entire body. The rough, hard thrust of his cock makes Tony clench tighter and hungrier around his cock.“Fuck, it’s like you’re trying to swallow my cock,” the Man mutters against the bare curve of his shoulder. “You’re so fucking greedy.”“I am, Daddy, I am,” Tony says, only moaning louder. “I’m greedy for your cock. Nothing fills me up like Daddy’s cock.”“Yeah?”“Yeah.”“Well, you’re gonna get it,” the Man promises, a savage edge to his voice.The Man pulls Tony off, holding him with just the muscles in his arms, hands gripping at his thighs, and Tony looks down, making a soft noise at how thick and long the Man’s cock is, with that slick sheen of lube covering him to the base.“How are you doing this?” he pants. “Holding me up like this?”The Man grins with all of his teeth and lets Tony fall back down on his cock, his mouth parting as he tips his head back at the sensation.“Please, Daddy,” Tony begs, shamelessly, the goosebumps rushing across his skin. “Please, Daddy, don’t stop fucking me.”“I won’t, I won’t,” the Man says, his voice almost a taut. “You’re still so fucking tight, baby boy,” he grunts, as he pushes his cock back into Tony’s body. “How are you still so fucking tight? You’ve ridden all the cock in this fucking town, haven’t you, you fucking whore? You should be loose as fuck.”“I wanted to be tight for you,” Tony cries, his nails raking down the Man’s back, as with the next thrust, he sinks in, inch by inch, torturously slow.“Fucking naughty little bitch,” the Man says, changing the angle of his thrusts to make his muscles seize up.He lets his head loll back, his spine straining, never had anything bigger than the Man, never had anything that made him feel as full or whole or climbing the edge of a climax that would soon be the orgasm to end all orgasms.He’s buried to the hilt, and Tony’s voice is reduced to a keening whine, and then, the Man gets a hand around Tony’s cock, which has left his belly a mess of pre-come.He starts to stroke his cock slowly, as Tony squeezes and squeezes around him.“Come on, baby boy,” the Man mutters, fucking into him firmly, deeply, roughly. “Be good for Daddy and come all over my hand.”And then, Tony’s orgasm washes over in a furious, sudden rush, clenching around the Man’s cock so tight that all the air rushes out of his lungs, and the world morphs into something clear and bright and rush, as he comes all over the Man’s hand in streaks of white.“Daddy,” the word escapes Tony’s body, as his face twists with ecstasy, muffling his voice against the Man’s shoulder, his mouth a slack, wet smear. “Oh, Daddy, yes, thank you, thank you, thank you.”And then, he collapses, onto his back, on the sheets, but is still impaled on the Man’s cock. The Man thrusts hard, his hand bruising Tony’s hipbone.“Fuck, you really liked that, huh?” he grunts.Tony raises his head, blearily. “I liked it,” he says, dazed, sweat dampening his brow. “I liked it a lot.”Even he’s surprised by how much he liked it.“You really liked my big dick fucking you, reminding you that you’re my boy, my slutty little boy, making you drip with my hot, wet come? You want to walk out of this room, still remembering what I felt like between your legs, fucking you so hard that you can’t walk, my come staining your thighs. When you get home, you can touch yourself and remember what it was like to have your Daddy fucking you-”Tony lifts his head. “How are you still so loquacious while you’re fucking me into the mattress?” he demands.The Man grins, sharp as a thin blade. “I’ve never had a slut like you on my cock.” He pauses. “To be fair, I’ve never had anyone on my cock,” he says, dryly. “But what I was trying to get at is that I want to relish it, take my time. Might make you come twice,” he says, thrusting gently as Tony’s cock firms up.“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Tony groans, and his hand flies to his cock.The Man bats it away. “You’ve already come. Don’t be greedy, sweet boy,” he tells him, sternly. “The next time you come, it’ll be on my cock and nothing else, understood? Maybe I shouldn’t even let you come,” he muses.“No,” Tony whines, clenching wildly around him.“Why?” the Man demands. “A little slut like you, you probably get off constantly.”“I do,” Tony admits. “But it’s nothing like you, it doesn’t feel at all like when you’re inside me.”“Yeah?” the Man says, his hand curling around the nape of his neck, drawing him up to press his forehead against Tony’s. “You gonna come on my cock, baby? You gonna let Daddy fuck you like that, like you’re some two-dollar whore he bought off the sidewalk and come inside you, making you all wet and messy, you dirty slut-”“Yes,” Tony hisses, digging his nails into the Man’s shoulders. “Please, please, fuck me harder, Daddy. I’m be the best slut you’ve ever had, I promise.”“Yeah? You’ll stop spreading it for every fucking douchebag in that bar that flashes you a smile? You’ll only spread it for me?”Tony kisses him, savagely, nipping at his lower lip with his teeth. “Yes, only you, only you, Daddy, I only want you,” he swears, wanting this to be more than a game. “I only want you to fuck me. Don’t stop, don’t stop!”“That’s my boy,” the Man says, fiercely, his pale eyes glinting in the low light of the motel room, the hand on Tony’s nape tightening. “That’s my fucking boy.”Tony bangs a fist against the mattress and comes with a sharp, high-pitched cry, clenching violently around the Man’s cock and coming all over his stomach for a second time since this night began.The Man pulls them close, even if all Tony wants to do is crawl away from the oversensitive disaster building between his legs, but he grabs onto the sheets, holding on for dear life, as the Man continues to fuck him, hard and thoroughly.“Fuck, look at you, you can’t take another one, can you?” the Man taunts. “What, three your limit, baby boy? I thought you were a slut. Surely, sluts live and breathe on orgasms?”“Daddy, no more,” Tony whines, arching his spine in a perfect line. “Please, Daddy, no more. I can’t take it.”“It’s okay, baby,” the Man says, easing a hand up his side. “It’s okay. I’m gonna come soon anyway.”Tony peers at him through the half-dark of his lashes. “Come inside me, fill me up, Daddy,” he begs, feline and contented, like a cat licking up milk. “Fuck me full of your come. I want to feel your come leaking down my thighs when I leave this room. I don’t want to forget how good you fucked me.”The Man’s grip on his waist turns to almost pain, but Tony bears and breathes through it, staring up at his face, as his hips begin to jerk and stutter against him, losing all rhythm. With one final, brutal thrust, the Man’s face twists up in ecstasy, as he comes hard, pulsing hot inside Tony.When he withdraws from Tony’s legs, Tony feels the come leak out of him, and he rubs his thighs together to remember the sensation.The Man lands on the bed with a great, fluffy thump, breathing hard, just as Tony is, and Tony finds himself curling against his side, instead of shoving him out of the bed and finding his clothes like he might have done with any other hook-up.He slings an arm over the Man’s waist, nudging his nose against the Man’s firm pectoral, finally resting his chin on his chest, peering up at him.He brushes a few stray strands of the Man’s hair out of his face, wondering if he’s being too clingy, too needy for something that should begin and die in a bar bathroom.“Well, how was your first time?” he asks, smug with the knowledge that his skills in bed are exemplary, with everyone, no matter what gender.The Man’s look is unbearably soft, as he drags his fingers through Tony’s sweat-damp hair.“It was more than I could have ever hoped for,” he says, with a strange lilt to his voice.Tony leans up to kiss him softly on the mouth. “Is this okay?” he asks, when he pulls away.The Man’s brow furrows. “Why wouldn’t it be?” he asks, confused.“I just…” Warmth floods his face. “We met in a bar,” he says, awkwardly. “We met in a bar, and we came to a seedy motel room to have sex, where I took your virginity. So… I mean, usually when I do this sort of thing, I don’t cuddle. I don’t kiss after, or much during. But I kissed you now. And I don’t know what you’re expecting-”“I didn’t start talking to you at the bar because I wanted sex,” the Man says, firmly.Tony leans back, lifting an eyebrow. “Is that so?”“I talked to you because you were beautiful and you looked alone in that bar, and I felt alone,” the Man tells simply.“And if it turned into sex, what, that was just an extra benefit?” Tony taunts.“No, I just… wanted to spend some time with you.”“Why?” Tony asks, his voice gaining a suspicious edge.“Because I find you interesting. Why? What other reason would I need?” the Man asks, confused.Tony shrugs. “You might be one of those sociopaths who like to chain up pretty young men in your basement and kill them to wear their skin as a meatsuit,” he says, bluntly.The Man’s face turns immediately horrified. “Who do you know that does that?” he asks, his voice growing in pitch.“Hey, it happens,” Tony says, defensively, rubbing at his arms awkwardly.“Did that… did that actually happen you?”“Don’t worry. The guy’s dead. I ended up severing the gas main, and he blew up after I was like miles away from the house,” Tony reassures. “Anyway, the point is that I… I don’t know what this is or what you want from this or even what I want from this, but I have already broken like a dozen of my usual hook-up rules. Besides, I don’t even know what your name is. I’ve just been calling you the Man in my head.”The Man’s lips twitch. “You could keep calling me that if you’d like.”“No, it’s just going to annoy me after some time,” Tony waves off, dismissively. “What is your name?”The Man blinks, slow and serpentine. “Grant,” he says, after a long, telling moment. “Stevens. Grant Stevens.”“Wow, that was a lie if I ever heard one,” Tony sighs.“No, it’s really-”“Has anyone ever told you that you suck at lying?” Tony asks him.Grant’s shoulders slump. “All the time,” he says, wearily.Tony pats him on the shoulder. “Are you lying to me because you plan on killing me or using me for some nefarious plot where you can destroy the world?” he asks, seriously.“No,” Grant says, adamantly.“Are you hiding your real name because you’re wanted in this country or another country for a felony? Are you a rapist?” Tony asks in his blunt tone.“No,” Grant protests. He pauses. “Why did you pick rape?”“Because there are many good reasons to murder, and there is never a good reason or any fucking reason to rape,” Tony says, firmly.Grant touches his cheek, his face pinching into something that looks like fondness and sadness. “You are the most beautiful person I have ever met in my life.”“Many people have said that to me,” Tony points out. “And don’t change the subject.”Grant chuckles. “I’m not. I just really wanted to tell you that.”“So, why the fake name?”Grant slides his fingers into his hair. “Because, it would be easier for you, safer for you if you didn’t know my real one,” he murmurs.Tony leans forward. “Are you a secret agent?” he asks, conspiratorially. “Are you a KGB agent?”“What?” Grant’s brow furrows.“My father used to tell me to be careful about Russian spies who were going to try and honeypot me to get at Stark Industries. A few have tried, but I’m very good at figuring it out. You don’t strike me the type.”“Really?”“Yeah, no offence, but you’re not smart enough for that.”“Excuse me?” Grant looks affronted.“I don’t mean that in an insulting way,” Tony says, quickly. “I just meant that you don’t say the right thing every time; you have a very awkward way about you. It’s cute,” he insists. “I just don’t think you’re a Russian spy. Or if you are, you’re a very good one.”He pauses.“So, does that mean you know who I am?” he asks, curiously.Grant blinks at him. “Excuse me?”“I mean, you didn’t blink at the idea of Russian spies approaching me, which means you must know who I am,” Tony points out.Grant sighs.“Look, if this is like… some way of getting close to me so I’ll pay off your mortgage or something, or you want secret Stark Industries intel, you should probably just tell me, because things will just get bad for you in the long run,” Tony points out, his voice weary.“Tony,” Grant says, softly. “I don’t want you to do anything like that for me. I just… I saw you in the bar. You looked so beautiful and so alone and started talking to you. Hell, I wasn’t even intending to have sex with you. I just-”He flounders for words, and then, his shoulders slump.“Hey,” Tony says, in the exact same tone, touching his cheek. “I believe you,” he says, after a moment, vulnerable.“Yeah?” Grant says, open and hopeful.Tony nods and then moves so that he’s straddling Grant, thighs on either side of his hip, and he’s tangling their hands together, resting them on Grant’s muscled abdomen.“Hi, Grant,” he says, with a fleeting smile. “I’m Tony.”“Hi, Tony,” Grant says, roughly. “It’s nice to meet you.”What started off as a meeting in a bar and a one-night stand develops into an actual relationship, and before Tony even knows what he’s doing, Grant is taking up space in his apartment just off campus.When Tony gets home from the lab, Grant is there, cooking with DUM-E, which is just a disaster waiting to happen, but his stove gets its first actual use in what seems like years.When Tony wakes up in the morning, Grant is there, snoring into Tony’s shoulder, his arm slung over Tony’s waist.When he goes to bed, Grant is already under the sheets, reading some book about military strategy and holding out a muscled arm for Tony to climb underneath.Tony introduces him to Rhodey, of course, and there’s a moment where Rhodey and Grant exchange that masculine handshake where they both try and crush each other’s handshake. Finally, Grant winces, and Rhodey withdraws his hand with a look of triumph. And then, of course, the conversation devolves into Air Force v Army jokes that are absolutely not funny and completely go over Tony’s head, which means he has no other choice but to upend his entire bowl of popcorn over both of their heads and lock himself in the bathroom with DUM-E manning the perimeter while Tony takes refuge in the bathtub.While Tony hasn’t had a chance to introduce Grant to his parents (and he’s doing that very much on purpose because his father is a dick and his mother had other plans for him, like marrying a good, Iyengar girl and having lots and lots of brown babies, even if she was the original rebel in her family when she married a Middle Eastern man (gasp-shock-horror) who’s only redeeming points, taking into account his age and occupation and public reputation for philandering, were his wealth and the fact that he wasn’t Muslim), he does talk about the man a lot to Jarvis and Ana on the phone, so much that Ana threatens to drop everything and come and see him in Cambridge, if that’s what it’s going to take.Finally, his mother realises that there’s something going on, and during her next weekly phone call, he finds himself spilling the beans to her, telling her that he’s seeing someone.“A male someone, just to clarify?” Maria says, suspiciously.“Yes, a male someone,” Tony drags out, unwillingly.“Anirudh-”“Okay, you don’t get to use my real name to make me feel guilty. Newsflash, Amma, I like boys and girls. I like everyone. I have sex with a lot of people-”“That’s enough,” Maria says, sternly. “You don’t talk to your mother like that. I have no interest in knowing about your activities.”She says the word activities like it’s something poisonous, so full of disgust, that it makes Tony flashes a grin unseen against the phone.“But still, I suppose if this is going to be your lifestyle, I want to meet the man that can actually draw out the concept of monogamy from you,” Maria says, with a haughty sniff.“Is that your polite way of calling me a slut?” Tony wonders out loud.“Oh, don’t start with me, kannu; now, when are you bringing him over? Is he Indian? Please tell me he’s Indian. I think I could be okay with you never giving me grandchildren if he were Indian,” Maria says, wistfully.“Okay, I am never bringing him over,” Tony says, bluntly. “He is not Indian. He is very white. And there are plenty of ways for us, or me, because we haven’t had that conversation yet, to give you grandchildren, Amma. It’s not predicated on us both being men.”“Why aren’t you bringing him over?” Maria demands.“Because what do you think Dad is going to say if I bring around my very male lover to his bastion of American values?” Tony retorts. “Do you think he’ll, what, just take it lying down that his son is a raging, brown queen?”“He was fine with Pinky Pinkerton,” Maria points out.“Pinky Pinkerton wasn’t his son,” Tony stresses.“Just come,” Maria insists. “Please, for me.”“Fine,” Tony says, grudgingly. “But the first time that Howard says something that is going to make him break up with me, I’m hitching a ride with the next car that takes me back to Cambridge, understood?”“Understood,” Maria says, faultlessly polite.“And you’re… really okay with this?” Tony asks, with a suspicious edge to his voice.“Well, I’m not happy, but he’s not Muslim, so I suppose that’s a plus point,” Maria muses.“Mother, you’re being racist,” Tony points out.“Yes, well, if you were brutally colonised by them, you’d be racist too-”“I am the descendent, just like you are, of the people that were brutally colonised by them, but I can still be not racist. Funny how that is, isn’t it?”“Are you sassing me?” Maria asks, dangerously.“Of course not, amma. Now, my incredibly handsome boyfriend is here after buying me actual groceries from an actual supermarket instead of cheap, Chinese takeout, so I have to go.”“I suppose he’s a good role model, then, and you’re eating vegetables again. Thank God,” Maria mutters.“Hey, I eat plenty of vegetables,” Tony protests.“Noodles aren’t vegetables,” Maria snaps. “And that stuff has oyster and fish sauce and plenty of it, so-”“Amma, I’m not having this argument with you again. Goodbye. I will call you and let you know when I’m coming back, okay?”“Okay,” Maria’s voice softens. “Bye, baby.”Tony cracks a smile. “Bye, Amma.”He hangs up and turns to Grant, who’s in the kitchen, emptying plastic bags full of groceries into the cupboards that had always been empty until Grant had shown up and mostly because he made a thousand and one complaints about how much take-out Tony ate and how much that wasn’t good for his cholesterol in the long run.In response, Tony had flashed his pretty stupendous, if he does say so himself, biceps, and Grant had got distracted for a whole number of other reasons.“Who was that?” Grant asks, curiously, putting the cereal box into the cupboard.“My mother,” Tony sighs, hopping onto the counter and handing him each of the groceries from the bag.“Oh, that’s nice. What did she want?”“She was incredibly suspicious of what I’m doing here, and so, I finally caved and told her that I was seeing someone.”Grant turns around, surprise flickering on his face. “You did?”“Yeah, because I figure that we’re in a serious relationship-” he pauses. “We are, aren’t we?” he asks, with an unsure tongue, wondering if he’d just completely misunderstood everything and wow, doesn’t he look like a total fucking moron-“Of course we’re in a serious relationship,” Grant says, without flinching or missing a beat.He leans down and kisses Tony softly on the mouth, curling his hand around the nape of his neck.“Yeah?” Tony says, with that little hopeful knot in his chest and throat.“Yeah, of course,” Grant says, kissing him quickly one more time. “I mean, why else would I be here if I didn’t enjoy spending time with you?”“Sex,” Tony says, simply.Grant chuckles. “I’m not going to deny that the sex is a perk, because you might be the most… addictive person I have ever met,” he says, seriously. “But I want to be with you for other reasons.”Tony stirs. “Oh?”“You’re the smartest person I know. You’re exceedingly kind and thoughtful. You’re brave and just, and when you look at me, you make me feel like I’m the only one in the universe,” Grant says, simply.Tony’s throat flexes. “Oh,” he says, rough with emotion.And then, he’s throwing himself into Grant’s arms, winding his legs around his waist, and Grant is yelping, dropping the packet of sugar onto the kitchen floor and grabbing onto him before Tony slides down to the floor himself.Tony’s mouth comes down on his with bruising force, and he slides his hand into Grant’s jeans.“Oh,” Grant pulls away from his mouth with a rasping sound, “and also because you’re a total vixen and I love having sex with you.”Tony laughs and bears him down to the kitchen floor and somehow, they end up having sex on a pile of groceries.



iii.
Chapter Notes
Warnings for this chapter: Howard Stark's A+ Parenting, child abuse and assault (not of the child).



When they’re done and damp with sweat and Tony’s head is propped up on Grant’s chest.“Oh, yeah, I completely forgot. My mother wants to meet you.”The tension gathers in the body underneath him.“Oh?” Grant says, lightly.“Yeah, she’s pretty insistent,” Tony sighs. “And my father will be there too, and he’s a giant dick, so believe me, this will be plenty painful for me as it is for you.”When he looks over, Grant has a strange expression plastered across his handsome face, one that makes Tony sit up.“What? What is it?” he asks, concerned.“It’s just… that’s what you want me to do? You want me to meet your parents?” Grant asks, uneasily.“Yeah,” Tony says, slowly. “Is that… I mean, do you not want to do that?” he asks, carefully, a sharp stab of panic in his gut.Had he completely misunderstood all of this? Was his and Grant’s relationship not the sort of relationship where they met parents?“I just… I wasn’t sure whether you wanted your parents to meet… well, me,” Grant says, awkwardly.“Why would I not want them to meet you?” Tony asks, confused.“Tony, honey, I’m twice your age-”Tony rolls his eyes. “We have had this conversation before,” he reminds him, slyly.“Look, there’s no way that your parents are going to be okay with the idea of their not even twenty-year-old son dating someone who’s almost forty. Your father might actually shoot me,” Grant says, ruefully.Tony rolls his eyes. “I doubt my father has ever shot a gun before.”Grant pauses. “Doesn’t he… doesn’t he make weapons?”Tony lifts an eyebrow. “Why does that automatically mean that he’s shot a gun before?”“Have you shot a gun?” Grant asks, pointedly.“Yes,” Tony admits.“There we go,” Grant says, smugly.Tony sighs and leans back against his chest, the solid weight underneath him comforting. “My father isn’t that type of weapons’ manufacturer,” he explains. “He’s more the type that dishes out the scotch at the end of a good day, not the guy that’s down in the trenches.” He pauses. “Look, I completely understand if you don’t want to meet them. I sprung it on you suddenly, and they can be a lot. Honestly, if they weren’t my parents, I probably wouldn’t be going to visit them either-”“No,” Grant says, without missing a beat. “No, we’ll go. Yeah,” he blows a breath between his teeth. “Yeah, let’s go. I want to meet your family.”“Yeah?” Tony says, still unsure.“Yeah,” Grant says, softly but firmly. “Look, your father will probably hate me because I’m so much older than you and he’ll probably insist that I’m using you-”“My father and I don’t get along, you know? For all you know, he might say that I’m the one using you,” Tony points out.Grant smiles, slightly, and kisses the top of his head. “He’s still your father, Tony. He loves you, right?”“I suppose,” Tony admits, grudgingly. “Although, he’s a dick. You never know, he might just be pretending.”“Well, in that case,” Grant flexes his arm purposefully, the muscles rippling underneath his taut skin. “I’ve been known to be a badass in my day. I can take care of him.”“You’d beat up my dad for me?” Tony says, sceptically.“If that’s what you wanted me to do,” Grant says, honestly.Tony reaches over to cradle Grant’s chin in his hand. “You’re sweet,” he says, quietly, and leans forward to press his mouth against the rasp of beard at the corner of his mouth. “I might have to take you up on that,” he says, wistfully.In a week’s time, Tony and Grant are making their way to Logan.Maria had already bought their tickets.Tony tries to argue, tries to say that he doesn’t mind driving down, that it’s not far at all.Maria isn’t having any of it.Howard, through Maria, offers to send Stark Industries’ jet for him.Tony says fuck no to that and forces Maria to buy economy class for both him and Grant, despite her objections (she’d slipped so easily into the rich woman’s life, as if she’d been born to it, and Tony has never begrudged her that, knowing how she and Howard began, knowing what it must have been like to shed the good, little Iyengar girl that was Maushmi and become Maria Stark; Tony knows that the only way that her mother would have come out breathing on the other side is if she’d slipped so easily into the rich woman’s life and never looked back, never thought much of what she lost).When they walk into the plane, both of them clutching a duffel bag over their shoulder, the seats are completely empty.“Uh, did we enter the wrong plane or something?” Tony asks the nearest air hostess.The air hostess returns his stare blankly. “Your father has booked out the plane, Mr Stark.”Tony stares at her for a moment. “I’m sorry, what?” he asks, voice sliding high.“Your father bought all of the seats in the plane,” the air hostess replies, with an unsure tongue, like she’s afraid she’s done something wrong.Tony grinds his teeth, an audible sound in the silence of the aircraft.“Tony,” Grant says, softly, laying a hand on his shoulder. “It’s okay.”“No, it’s not okay,” Tony replies, coldly. “You don’t know him, my father. This is how he does things. I tell him that I want to fly economy class, and he buys out the entire fucking plane, because he can’t resist controlling me, in every way. Every little thing, he has to have his hands on, because he’s so fucking scared that if he does, if he does take his hands off me just for a moment, I will fly much higher than he ever could, and he can’t stand that, can’t stand the idea of me being more than him, so keeps me down with his fucking hands. This is how he does it.”“Tony,” Grant repeats, his voice unbearably soft.“Forget about it,” Tony says, roughly. “Let’s just… enjoy the flight I suppose.”“Champagne?” another air hostess comes out of a partition, with a silver tray full of glasses.At the airport, Tony and Grant make their way out of the baggage claim area.“Should we get a cab?” Grant offers.“No need,” Tony muses, as his eyes drag over those gathered behind the railing, the crowd in various states of clamour as they’re reunited with loved ones.A familiar tall figure is spotted right behind the railing in a sharp, black suit, and Tony face cracks wide open in a grin.“Jarvis, Jarvis!” Tony shouts, and then, he’s breaking into a run and vaulting over the metal railing and landing on his two feet in front of Jarvis, throwing his arms around the older man. “Jarvis,” he sighs, contented.“Master Anthony,” Jarvis replies, his arms closing around him, his hand curving around the nape of his neck, strong and firm, like Tony is still that seven-year-old boy aching for comfort.Tony withdraws from the embrace and looks over his shoulder, as Grant approaches at a much more sedate pace.“Jarvis, this is Grant,” Tony says, with a flurry of warmth stilling in his chest, like every single one of his nerve endings is alight, thrumming, vibrating, at this meeting of epic proportions. “Grant’s my boyfriend,” he says, almost hysterically.Jarvis has an amused look on his face, with a faint, untroubled smile.He’s splashing his id everywhere, and he can’t even be bothered to feel embarrassment over it.“Grant, this Jarvis,” he says, just as hysterically, with his hands shaking. “He’s my butler, my friend, my inspiration,” he explains.Grant offers his broad, pale hand for Jarvis to shake, and Jarvis encloses his hand around Grant’s, shaking it just as firm, even though Jarvis is already seventy and there are many lines around his face that weren’t there when Tony was little and toddling around and following him everywhere.It really is a meeting of epic proportions, just like when Grant met Rhodey for the first time, or when Rhodey met Jarvis or when Rhodey met little Sharon, when Tony brought her to stay at Cambridge for a few weeks during the summer break, and Tony’s still vibrating even after Grant and Jarvis let each other’s hands go.“If you both have your baggage, we can get going,” Jarvis offers. “I imagine there will be quite a bit of traffic on our way back home.”Jarvis leans down to take up the strap of Tony’s bag, and both Tony and Grant rush to stop him, ready to take the weight on their shoulders. Time pauses, and Jarvis raises his head, a flinty look in his eyes.“Tell me, Master Anthony, do you truly believe that I cannot take your bags to the car?” he asks, lightly, with a hidden thread of danger to his voice.Tony swallows hard. “No,” he says, carefully.Jarvis claps him on the shoulder. “That’s what I thought,” he says and hefts Tony’s duffel bag over his shoulder like all it contains is cotton. “I can take yours as well, Mr Stevens.”“No, that’s fine, Jarvis. I can take it.”Jarvis sends Grant the exact same look that he’d just sent Tony moments prior, and Tony waits in abject terror for the stalemate to finish, and then, Grant relaxes, clearly realising that Jarvis is a greater force that Grant could have fought against. Jarvis takes Grant’s bag as well and leads them towards the limousine that Tony is certain will be waiting for them.“He’s pretty strong,” Grant mutters.Tony twists his head just enough. “I used to think he was a super soldier, when I was younger,” he explains. “You know, like Captain America.”Grant’s face twists up in amusement. “Yeah?”Tony nods, fervently. “Jarvis is terrifying. He could’ve taken down the Red Skull himself,” he declares. “He taught me how to fight.”“Oh?”“Yeah, he thought I should know, especially when I went off to boarding school and then MIT, when I was fourteen. Plus, Ana, that’s his wife, she had a pretty insane sort of life before she came to the US with Jarvis, and she taught me how to fight as well. She taught me to how to climb on top of someone with my legs around their neck and flip them, so they end up on the ground.”When Tony looks over at Grant, the look that he’s giving him is unbearably soft.“You know, after all of these months, I’m still learning new things about you,” he muses.Tony’s heart flips in his chest. He elbows Grant in the side. “Look at you, such a sap.”Once they’re in the car and strapped up in the seatbelts, Tony leans forward, so that he can rest his chin on the driver’s seat.“So, anything I should be aware of being falling into the lion pit?” he asks, curiously.“How droll, Master Anthony,” Jarvis comments, chuckling. “Your mother has missed you a great deal.”“Are you sure about that?” Tony asks, suspiciously, his eyes narrowing. “Did she really climb out of the pills and wine long enough to tell you that?”“She did not need to tell me anything; I have known your mother for a very long time, Master Anthony,” Jarvis rebukes.“I notice that you didn’t deny the pills and wine,” Tony points out, slipping sly meaning into his voice.“Don’t be so unfair, my boy,” Jarvis declares.Tony sighs and leans back in his chair, as the car slowly drifts out of the city. “You didn’t answer my question, you know,” he points out.Jarvis rolls his eyes visibly in the mirror. “Your father… your father is your father,” he says, plainly. “You know what he is like.”“He bought out my plane,” Tony says, gritting his teeth.“Yes, he does that; you should have expected it,” Jarvis says, simply. “Your mother, though, despite what you may think of her, she will keep him in line, and she has missed you, very, very much.”Tony chews on his lip, leaning back in his chair, as the emotion floods his throat. “Yeah?”“Of course,” Jarvis says, as kind as he was when Tony was little, and he used to slip him sweets after dinner.Grant’s hand settles over his, and when Tony looks at him, he hasn’t lost that soft, maudlin look to his handsome face.It eases the lump a bit.Tony watches as Grant’s gaze turns awed, as they near the manor house. The wide, metal gates open on cue, and Jarvis drives forward through the long, winding driveway.“Holy shit, you live here,” Grant says, dazed.“Yeah, when I said I was rich, I meant super mega rich,” Tony explains, patting him on the shoulder.The manor house is something to behold, tall and sprawling across a giant estate, and there’s a woman standing out the front, at the top of the stairs, her skin dark against the grey of her woollen poncho and her white slacks.“That’s my mother,” he explains.The car stops, and Tony hurtles out the door, climbing up the steps to seize his mother in an embrace. He wraps his arms around her, lifting her right off her feet as they dangle in mid-air.“Anthony,” Maria says, batting him on the shoulder, with a slight squeak as Tony just hugs her harder, keeping her up in the air.Then, with a laugh, he settles her back down, kissing her on the forehead.Despite his problems with his mother, he’s always known that she loves him, fights for him, in her own way. She’d always been there at every argument, every fight, every destructive conversation between him and Howard, anxiously fluttering at the edges, trying desperately to play mediator, and then, when she couldn’t, when she couldn’t bring father and son back together, make them love each other without the sour resentment as they should have, she’d find a bottle of wine or a bottle of Prozac and drown herself in it, because she couldn’t stand the sight of reality, of what she’d become, burgeoning geneticist, first woman in her family to go to college, turned housewife and socialite and the perpetual nanny of one Howard Stark.“Anirudh,” she whispers to him now, resting her forehead against his, calling him the name only she can.“Hi, Amma,” he whispers back to her.“I’m so glad you came home,” Maria sighs.She sweeps her palms across the sides of his head and proceeds to crack her knuckles against her own head in a gesture that she’s been doing since he was no taller than her calves.“It’s been so long,” she tells him, solemn as the grave. “You should come home more.”“Yeah, I’m not doing that,” Tony says, easily.Maria sends him a disapproving look. “Anirudh-”“Tony, Amma,” Tony says, kissing her swiftly on the cheek. “Remember?”Maria scowls. “Tony,” she says, with a heavy tone of disdain. “I gave you such a nice name. Unrestrained, without obstacles.”“He was literally restrained,” Tony says, flatly.Maria shakes her head, clucking her tongue. “You used to love that story,” she says, disappointed, “what happened to you, kannu?”Tony rolls his eyes, just as Grant steps up onto the porch.“Amma,” he says, going for the escape hatch, “Amma, this is Grant. Grant, this is my mother.”Grant extends his hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mrs Stark.”Maria looks at him and then, promptly blushes hard, the colour rising into her cheeks.My God, he thinks, dazed, my conservative, South Indian mother has a crush on my boyfriend.Maria shakes his hand, looking him up and down with a clinical eye, before nodding her approval. “You will do, I suppose,” she says, grudgingly.Grant’s smile falters, and Tony winces, but both of them manage to not turn on their heels and storm away from the mansion in a huff.“Dad?” Tony asks, as they proceed into the mansion.He remembers to leave his shoes outside, before Maria can even say anything, and she looks on with approval.“He’s at a business meeting,” Maria explains. “He’ll join us for dinner.”“Of course,” Tony mutters under his breath. “Because it’s not like his only child is visiting after being away for eight months. No, why would he want to be here for that? Why would a business meeting not be more important than that?”Grant’s hand slides into his own, their fingers tangling, and he squeezes back, taking a deep, steadying breath.“Is my room ready?” he asks, faultlessly polite.“It is,” Maria says, cheerfully, as if he hadn’t said anything (it’s how she deals with things, as Tony so fondly remembers, putting her head in the sand until all conflict goes away). “I have also had the suite down the hall from you prepared for your… friend.”“My boyfriend,” Tony stresses.“Yes, yes,” Maria says, with a roll of her eyes, “your boyfriend.”“Grant is staying with me,” Tony says, firmly, wrapping his arms around Grant’s longer, more muscled one.“Tony,” Maria says, sternly.“I’m an adult, mother.”“That is not the point,” Maria says, furiously. “If you were a girl-”“But I’m not a girl,” Tony corrects, “and even if I was, I’d be saying the same thing. Grant is staying with me.”“It’s not proper,” Maria insists.Tony lifts an eyebrow, a sly little smile playing on his lips. “Mother, Grant and I have had sex many, many times. You wouldn’t be stopping anything that hasn’t already happened a thousand times over.”Maria scowls at him. “Anthony,” she stresses with that disapproving edge of hers. “I’ll hit you if you talk like that to me again,” she says in Tamil.Tony rolls his eyes. “Come, Grant,” he says, loftily, winding his hand around Grant’s and pulling him up the stairs.“Maybe we shouldn’t,” Grant says, uncertainly, flinging a look at the door, while Tony takes off all his clothes and stretches out like a cat on his sheets.“Why?” Tony demands.“Your mother made it completely clear that she wasn’t comfortable with the idea of the two of us having sex underneath her roof-”Tony waves him off, dismissively. “My mother would have said that to anyone I brought home, girl or boy. She doesn’t mean that in a you way. She’s just… old-fashioned and religious and a result of many years of conditioning against anything that isn’t a heterosexual relationship between two Indians.”“But she married your father,” Grant says, slowly.“She did, because he was much older and richer and fawned upon her, and she knew she wasn’t going to get that with whatever brown guy her parents married her to,” Tony tells him, bluntly, lifting his head. “He let her do whatever she wanted, on the one condition that she changed her name and she stayed at home and she became the perfect society wife. She thought it was a small price to pay for what she’d be getting in return. After a while, she began to regret it, but she didn’t have a way out, so she made her peace with it.” He pauses. “Wine and pills helped with that.” Tony cracks his knuckles. “But yeah, she’s just old-fashioned, but if we do what she wants for this entire trip, I won’t get to put my hands all over that stupendous body of yours, which is a damn shame, so get over here.”Grant cracks a smile. “You are incorrigible,” he declares.But he climbs on top of the bed, nonetheless, lets Tony take his shirt off and mouth at his throat, at his chest, at his stomach, pulling the belt from his jeans, so that he can ruck them down, along with his underwear, and lick up the length of his cock.“Shit,” Grant hisses, and his fingers find their way into Tony’s hair.Tony peeks up at him, big, dark eyes luminous under his long, thick lashes. “Don’t worry, baby. Let me take care of you,” he says, seductively.He fastens his mouth around Grant’s dick, his tongue tracing aimless patterns across the length.“You are evil,” Grant groans, shifting his hips up into Tony’s mouth.“The perfect amount,” Tony murmurs, moving off his cock with a wet pop.He returns enthusiastically to what he was doing, dragging his tongue up his length.“Hey, Tony, your mother told me-what the fuck is going on here?”Tony pulls off Grant’s cock like it’s made of flesh-eating bacteria and stares horrified at the dark, looming figure of his father standing in the doorway.Grant thinks fast, faster than even Tony with his genius brain could, and quickly throws the covers over the two of them, almost with a possessive urgency, as if he hadn’t quite figured who’d walked in on them, but all he knew was that the only person that he wanted to be able to see Tony naked was him and him alone.Tony peeks up over the covers at the raging body still in the doorway, the colour high in his face.“What the fuck, Tony?” Howard snarls, storming into the bedroom. “What the fuck is wrong with you? Can you not go five fucking minutes without spreading your legs for every idiot that smiles at you?”The colour in his face turns quickly from embarrassment to shame, even humiliation.“For God’s sake, your mother is just downstairs. What if she’d come up here, huh? What if she’d walked in on… whatever you were just doing? Do you really relish the idea of humiliating your mother so much?”The humiliation turns to fury in the span of a moment, and he opens his mouth to argue, and that’s when Howard notices the man in the bed with Tony.Tony waits for Howard to rage and rail.Instead, his father pales in a rush, his stern face turning almost feverish and gaunt in his terror.“Steve?” he whispers.“I’m calling Peggy,” Howard declares and makes for the phone.Tony blinks, and Grant is standing right beside Howard and the phone, his pale fingers grasping at Howard’s wrist.“No,” Grant says, quietly, “Please don’t call Peggy.”Tony stares at him, uncomprehending, and then, he feels the betrayal keenly, slicing swiftly, mercilessly through his gut, leaving but a raw, hot wound.It pulls a noise from his throat, soft and hurt, like he’s been punched twice over.Grant looks at him, his face crumpling in grief. “I’m sorry. Oh, fuck, I’m so sorry, Tony.”Anything that Tony could have said in reply is overwhelmed by Howard’s explosion, directed at him.“I don’t understand how you could be this irresponsible, Tony? I mean, did you do this to hurt me? Is that what this is? Another way of you sticking it to your old man, getting back at me because you think I’m such a shitty father, and I deserve this? How could be so fucking selfish? So fucking cruel?”“Howard-” Maria begins, anxiously fluttering around the edge of the argument.Howard brandishes his full glass of scotch at her, his expression dangerous. “Don’t, Maria,” he says, his voice brooking no further word from his wife. “Don’t you start with me. Look at what he’s done.”He looks at Tony like he’s nothing more than a cockroach scuttling off into a hole in the wall.“He waited for the perfect moment and took his revenge on me. My son, my own flesh and blood, and look at what he is,” Howard says, disgusted. “He knew Steve was alive, he knew what that would mean to me, and he still kept it from me. He didn’t just keep it from me. He even took out his vengeance on poor Steve, who didn’t even do anything, brought him into some sordid-”“Tony didn’t do anything that I didn’t want him to,” Grant (no, Steve?) says, quietly.Howard looks at him, desperate and half-wild, taking a much-needed gulp of his scotch. “No, you don’t know him, Steve. You don’t know what he’s like. He’d do anything if it meant getting back at me for being a bad father, in his eyes. Although God knows what more I could do for him,” he turns those disdainful, dark eyes back on his only son, “I fed him and clothed him and taught him everything I know and I fucking made him strong and he still wants more from me, the ungrateful little shit.”“Howard!” Maria balks, wringing her hands together.“What did I just say?” Howard barks at her.Maria cringes back into the wall, biting at her lower lip.Howard sneers. “Are you really that fucking weak, Tony? Do you really hate me that much? Or is this just about what you want, just like everything else is? Don’t you have any sort of self-control? I thought you’d at least have some respect for a fucking hero, my friend, but clearly not. What the fuck is wrong with you? I know that you’re no better than a two-dollar whore where your prick is concerned-”“Howard, shut up, just shut up!” Maria finally screams, closing her hands over her ears.Howard is breathing heavily, the colour high in his face, staring at Tony like he’d wring him by the throat just like that.Maria sobs. “Stop it, Howard. Stop talking like that. He’s our son, he’s our only son, how can you talk about him like that?”“Because of what he is,” Howard says, firmly. “Because today he’s proven, above all days, that he’s a pathetic little bastard who’ll do whatever it takes to take revenge on me, to shame me, even play the whore with an American hero, just so he can feel better about how fucking miserably worthless and inadequate he is.”And then, there’s an awful choking noise, and Tony looks up to see Grant there, Grant with that beautiful, strong, pale hand of his, wrapped around Howard’s throat, and Howard is off the ground, kicking his feet desperately, but to no avail, because there is no escaping Grant’s grip, the flex of muscle in those beautiful arms that Tony had once worshipped.“I let you talk because this must be a surprise for you. I let you talk because you were upset and hurt, and I thought, maybe, at some point, you might express some concern over your son being lied to by someone he was in love with, but look at you, Howard, look at what you said to him,” Grant says, his voice lined with awful disgust.Howard’s mouth shuts with nauseating finality, his face hollowing with fear.In another world, Tony would have given up abject wealth to see Howard like this.Today, it tastes sour in his mouth.“You said… for fuck’s sake, Howard, he’s your kid, your only kid,” Grant snarls. “And… you just said-you just said… you just called him a whore.” He takes a deep, steadying breath. “You’re my friend, Howard, on occasion, but believe me when I say, if you speak to him like that again, if you even think about calling him names like that again, I will break your jaw in a way that you won’t be able to open your mouth ever again.”He drops Howard without any ceremony, and Howard falls to the floor with a dull thud of impact, gasping for air, clutching at his throat.Howard stares up at him, weakly. “You don’t…” he says, his voice strangled, “you don’t know what he’s like, Steve.”“I do know what he’s like,” Grant (or Steve, Tony supposes) says, coldly. “I do know. He’s brave and kind and good, and he makes me smile. He makes my world better just by being in it. I love him, Howard, and nothing you say will ever change that because clearly you don’t know your son at all. And even if you did, your opinion is completely worthless, because you’re worthless, because you have a son who is brilliant and beautiful and so full of love even if you’ve tried to rip it all from him, and you can’t see that. You have your head so far up your own ass that you couldn’t possibly understand what happened between us. It was love, Howard. That’s what happened. There was no revenge, no hate, no trickery, nothing fucking sordid. It was love. I’m sorry, but I fell in love with your son.”“You love Peggy,” Howard manages to say, with a flat certainty to his voice.Grant flinches. “The man who loved Peggy went into the ice decades ago. A different man came out. I know she’s married; I know she’s happy, content. I wish her all the best, but I don’t love her, Howard. I love Tony. I want to spend the rest of my life and his life with him, but… I might not be able to do that anymore, because of my lies, because of everything I kept from him. Because, despite what you may think, your son deserves better than me.”“Don’t be stupid,” Howard scoffs, derisively. “There’s no one better-”“Don’t,” Grant says, dangerously, his fist clenching and unclenching around air, like he’s imagining Howard’s throat between his strong grip, as he just had proven.Tony stands then, something inside of him twisting and curling in on itself, like the last embers of a fire going out, and he’s tired, exhausted right down to the pith of him, like the deluge that he’d always promised has destroyed him in the process.He looks over the three people in the room, and a mixture of rage and nausea at the blow he’s been dealt climbs up his throat, choking him, tangles somewhere in his ribs, makes it hard for him to breathe and speak, leaving him fragile and bent out of shape.His throat flexes, as the air tastes stale, never makes it into his lungs to give him respite.“Okay,” he finally says, the word rushing out of him, “I’m done here. I think I’m going to go and throw myself out of a window.”He turns on his heel, ignores the jagged knot forming in his chest cavity, and leaves them behind, a burnt-out cinder of his former self.



iv.



Tony has his television on his bed, strewn out in a million pieces, as he pulls apart the tuner chipset, when there’s a knock on his door.He doesn’t say anything.He knows it’s not Howard; Howard wouldn’t have knocked; he would’ve just opened the door, believing himself to have the right to go anywhere in his own house.It’s either Steve Rogers or Jarvis or his mother.“Tony, it’s Amma. Can I come inside?”Well, that answers his question.“No,” Tony says, his voice clear, without taking his eyes off the circuit board in his eyes.It’s strange, he thinks, this is how it all begin, with a single circuit board, and then, the world decided he was a genius, and his father realised that he would transcend him, and it became his first taste of hate.“Please, Tony, please, let me come in,” Maria says, her voice pleading and pained.“Fine,” Tony says and leans his head back against the headboard of his bed, his eyes fluttering shut.The door opens with a slick sound, and Maria slips inside, her body thin and frayed and small, so she comes in like a wraith.“This takes me back to when you were a kid,” Maria says, her voice fond, as her dark eyes run over the room, lingering on the stray parts on his bed.“Why are you here?” Tony asks, weary and spent.Maria perches on the edge of his bed. “I wanted to talk to you.”“If it’s about that massive clusterfuck that happened downstairs in the parlour, I’m not interested,” he says, his eyes heavy.“Kannu,” Maria begins.“Please, I’m really not interested,” Tony says, pleading and pained. “I just… I want to completely ignore what happened. I want to lock myself inside this room, and when I come out, Dad will be at work and… and he will be gone too.”He doesn’t acknowledge how much it will hurt for him to proven true on that front, to know that he’d misunderstood so much where Grant (no, Steve) was concerned, because that’s what he does, because Ty was right: he wants love so much that he finds it in places where it doesn’t exist and then, he has the temerity to be betrayed and offended when people prove to him that he’s only worth a few things in this world, and love is not one of them.“I wouldn’t be so quick to say that,” Maria says, vaguely.Tony lifts an eyebrow.“Men like that, men who do things like that because they want you so much, they don’t just leave, Anirudh. They don’t do that,” Maria says, knowledge lingering behind her dark, dark eyes.Tony swallows hard. “You’re talking about Dad,” he says, quietly.“I was only twenty-two when I met your father,” Maria says, folding her ankles underneath her atop the mattress, barefoot as Tony is.Howard always found that disdainful, the fact that Tony and Maria preferred to walk around on bare feet instead of wearing shoes in the house like respectable people.“I know,” Tony sighs.“I was a child in so many ways,” Maria muses, “just like you are.”Tony opens his mouth to argue, but Maria’s thin, bony, dark hand slices through the air, cutting any protest Tony might have fed into the world.“You are a child, kannu,” she tells him, softly, almost tiredly. “You’re the smartest person I know, and yes, that includes your father,” her eyes gleam, “but you are still a child. You’re young, and you have been hurt so many times, and you are much older in heart than you have any right to be, and that has made you cold, but you are still a child. As was I when I married your father. I knew… I knew how bad it could get. I watched my parents my entire, and theirs… he used to hit her,” she muses, “he used to hit when she mouthed off or when she embarrassed him or did something that he didn’t like, but she always seemed to love him, and when he wasn’t hitting her, they seemed in love with each other. It was strange. So, it was what I was expecting when my parents told they’d fixed my marriage to someone. He was a good Indian boy, an Iyengar, something; actually, it was pretty perfect, considering we lived in the States back when Indian migration wasn’t a massive thing. And then, I went to visit this boy at his place of work.”“Stark Industries,” Tony agrees.Maria nods, rocking back and forth. “He was… annoyed to say the least,” her lips twist up, self-deprecatingly, “that I’d had the audacity to come and seek him out at his place of work. I was nothing to snigger at, to be fair. I had more education than most girls my age. I was good at my job. I was a damn scientist, but all he saw was that little brown girl making him look even more different to all of his colleagues. And then, he tells me the truth.”Her voice thins with disgust.“He tells me that he has a girl already, a white girl, and that he only agreed to be matched with someone because he knew that his parents would never go for the match. He tells me that he would never have married me, that I am not right for him, that I don’t even try to fit into this world, that my hair is too oily, my skin too dark, I am too short. And then, he leaves me crying in the lobby and returns to his office.”“And that’s where Dad found you?” Tony asks, softly.Maria nods, her smile turning genuine for a fleeting second, her voice soft and unmoving. “I was crying in the lobby for what seems like hours, and then, I see a handkerchief through my blurry vision. When I look up, it’s your father, and he looks concerned, terribly concerned. He took me to coffee that day and asked to meet me, and before I even knew what I was doing, I was sneaking out of the house to date my Persian boyfriend without my family knowing. And he told me that he was in love with me a few months later, that he wanted to marry me-”“Did you love him?”Maria blinks, as if she hadn’t actually considered that question. “I knew that he wanted to marry me, that he was not a man who took no for an answer,” she says, carefully. “I was fond of him. He was kind to me; he listened to me; he valued my opinions; he liked to hear about my work, and he did not think it was strange that a woman was working as a geneticist of all things. When he asked me to marry him, I liked him, I thought he was handsome, I thought he appreciated me. He loved me, and I thought I would grow to love him. My mother always said that love is something that you build in a marriage, that it means more when it comes after you wed, and so, I said yes. And I married him. And the changes came after. The little things, my name, my religion, my appearance, little things that he jabbed and jabbed and jabbed. So, I did everything he wanted me to; I wanted to keep the peace, you see? So, I dressed how he wanted me to dress; I changed my name to something that he liked, something that didn’t draw attention to my brown skin or his… Middle Eastern heritage. I stopped putting oil in my hair. I still wore gold, of course, and your grandmother… she had these beautiful diamond earrings that I inherited when she died, and I… I stopped wearing them, because rich, sophisticated white women don’t wear nose rings. I stopped going to the temple. I kept my gods at home, and I pretended that I was simply… oh, what do they call it when you believe in god but not in organised religion?”“Agnostic?” Tony offers.Maria nods. “Yes, that. I pretended to the world that I was God-fearing, but not Christian God-fearing. No, that was not something that even your father would force on him. Of course, he had left all that Jewish business behind him many years before he met me, so he was used to it, playing the part of the white man. So, I started doing that as well. I tried my best to raise you like I was raised, kannu, but I know I failed. I know my parents would be disappointed in me if they could see me now.”A fierce surge of protectiveness rises within him, and he almost says, who cares, who cares if I’m not Indian enough for their standards, they disowned you when you married a white guy, and now, you’re stuck with a guy who treats you like shit; you did whatever you needed to do to survive this piece of shit place, and who cares how you did it?But he knows she won’t like it, she won’t abide a negative word against her parents.“I did whatever your father wanted me to do. I made friends with his friends.”“But you like his friends, don’t you?” Tony questions.“I love Jarvis,” Maria corrects. “And I loved Ana. They are my friends, my only friends in this world.”“Aunt Peggy-”Maria flashes him a smile, honeyed and vicious, and it makes Tony wonder why people think he got this, this sharp edge of his, from his father and not his mother.“Your godmother,” she says the word with faint disgust, “will never like me much, and I will never like her much. I am glad she is good to you. But she and I are products of our generations, Anirudh. I will never not be able to look at her and see all of the horrible things that the British did to us, all the ways that they hurt us, and all the things that they stole from us because they believed they were better than us. And she will never be able to look at me and not feel that strange combination of guilt and discomfort and righteous anger at me blaming her for things that she had no control over. But she fought for them, you know? She served them, and she served their ideals, and all the while, my people starved so she could eat, so they could all eat. I do not owe them or her my understanding or my forgiveness.”Something gleams behind her eyes, like the glint of a raised knife, and that steel veneer of Maria Stark has cracked, exposing something volcanic and messy underneath, the real Maushmi, the real human being that lingers underneath, the person that she was never allowed to be under the yoke of Howard Stark.“But I tried my best with her,” she goes onto say, her voice soft. “I was kind to her, polite to her. Hell, I was even in the hospital that day when she lost her niece and nephew, and little Sharon came to stay with her. I gave her tips. She used to call me in the middle of the night, panicking, when Sharon was sick, and I gave her home remedies, things that Howard would laugh at but things that my mother swore by. When Sharon was coughing, I even taught her to how to make milagu paal. You remember, how I used to do make that for you when you were a child? I did that for your father. I was friends with his friends, even if I didn’t like them much. And then, one day, I looked at myself in the mirror and I did not see Maushmi anymore. Maria had overtaken her completely.”“What does this…” Tony closes his eyes, willing the sickness from his gut. “What does this have to do with me? Amma, I’ve… I’ve heard all of this before. I don’t…”Maria reaches out and tangles their hands together. “Why I am telling you this now is that your man, Steve, Grant, whatever he chooses to call himself, reminds me of Howard in certain ways.”Tony’s face scrunches up in distaste. “Amma, you are not helping,” he says, pinching the bridge of his nose. “The last thing that I need to think about is how I fell in love with a man who resembles my father,” he snarls.Maria rolls her eyes. “The problem with you is that you never stop to listen to what people are saying,” she snarks back at him. She reaches out and smooths a thumb over his sharp cheekbone. “What I meant is that your father and Steve share one particular trait.”“And what’s that?” Tony grinds out, discomfort leaching at his body.“They commit, and when they commit, they don’t leave, they don’t just walk away,” Maria says, solemnly. “Your father realised that he wanted me as his wife within days; he waited months to tell me that, but I was what he wanted. Even if he is unhappy, he will not walk away; he will fight. I have looked into your man’s eyes, Anirudh. He will fight for you too.”“He lied to me,” Tony says, his voice ugly and cold.“He did,” Maria agrees. “I am not condoning that. I will not even try and justify what he did. In fact, if you would like me to smash his hand in the chapati maker, I will gladly do so.” Her smile briefly takes on a vicious edge, and his insides soften. “I am saying that he is waiting here. He is fighting for you.”“He didn’t come upstairs. He must’ve known where I was,” Tony offers.“Because he knew he was not welcome. This is where your father and this man are not the same,” Maria tells him, softly. “If it had been me in this room, after your father had begun our relationship with lies, he would not have waited downstairs. He would have barged in here, demanded that I listen to his explanations, even if they were legitimate. Your man, he is not doing that. He is waiting for you to come to him. He is giving you the choice.”Tony’s face contorts with disgust. “Bold of him to assume that I would come to him,” he says, full of derision.Maria lifts an eyebrow. “Are you saying that you will not go to him?”Tony chews on his lower lip and looks away. “Are you saying that I should forgive him?” he asks, roughly.“I am saying that this man has hurt you. You deserve an explanation. He has not given you one yet. Force him to give you one, and then, make a decision as to whether you will forgive him or not. Once you know, then, you can throw him out onto the streets.”“You have a dark side,” Tony accuses.Maria shrugs. “I am a mother. I would kill for you,” she says, simply. She stands, smoothing her hands down her skirt. “Now, you will go downstairs, and I will go and plug in the chapati maker.”Tony covers his face with his hands and dissolves into laughter.Steve turns around, when he hears Tony’s footsteps just beyond the threshold of the lounge.“Hi,” Steve says, softly.Tony clears his throat. “Hi.” He rubs the back of his neck. “So, it’s Steve, then?”Steve nods.“I don’t…” Tony sighs. “I don’t understand. I don’t know why you lied to me. Did you know who I was in that bar? Is that why you didn’t tell me who you were, because you didn’t want my dad to find out? Were you… were you playing some sort of game? Trying to go for as long as you possibly could without anyone finding out? Was I a game?” Bile rises in his throat, sour and bitter and thick. “Was I just some convenient cover, a fucking alibi?” he asks, nausea churning in his stomach.“No, no, of course not!” Steve says, vehemently.“Then, what the fuck, Grant?” Tony barks at him, his sudden sickly face all rage and pallid rage, and then, flinches, gritting his teeth. “Fuck, Steve, that’s your name, Steve.”“I can explain,” Steve insists.“Go,” Tony says, coldly. “And I hope for your sake that you don’t leave any important details out.”“Can you… can we please sit down?” Steve asks, pleadingly, gesturing to the couch.Tony looks on, stonily. “I don’t want to sit down?”“Tony, please,” Steve says, running his hand through his hair. “I know you’re angry at me. I know you probably want to punch me in the face, and I swear, I swear, you can punch me, you can get your licks in and I won’t even complain. I won’t. I just…” he closes his eyes like he’s in pain. “I just want a chance to explain. If you don’t like I say, I’ll leave,” he promises, “I’ll leave and you’ll never have to see me again, I promise.”“Talk,” Tony says, fiercely.“I am not Steve Rogers,” Steve says, after a moment, his voice halting. “Not really.”“Wow, I’m walking out of here,” Tony declares and spins on his heel.A warm, solid hand surrounds his wrist, and Tony stops moving, stops breathing, just stops.“Please, I’m telling the truth. Just… let me keep going. There’s… well, it’s not an easily believable story, but it’s the truth,” Steve says, earnestly.Tony closes his eyes. “Keep going,” he says, his voice strangled.“My name is Steve Rogers. I’m… just not the Steve Rogers of this timeline.”Tony frowns. “Timeline? What the fuck are you talking about?” he asks, turning around slowly“I’m a time-traveller,” Steve says, simply.“That’s not possible,” Tony says, almost immediately. “Time travel doesn’t exist outside Michael J. Fox movies.”“Yeah, well, in the future it does,” Steve tells him, solemn as the grave.“How-” The million questions that form in Tony’s mind die on his tongue, and he’s left chewing his lower lip.Steve’s face twists. “Would you believe me if I said that you invented time travel?”Tony takes a deep, steadying breath, blinking fast and hard at the heaviness of the information suddenly thrust at him.“No,” he says, hesitating for an agonising moment.Steve pulls the sleeve of his shirt up his muscled arm, revealing a thick, metallic bracelet around his wrist.“Time travel GPS,” he explains.Tony doesn’t touch it, even if his hands are itching and hot, twitching at his side.“So, what, you’re from the future?” he says, clearing his throatSteve nods. “Can I… can I explain what happened to me? That will, uh, that will help, I think.”Tony nods, jerkily.Steve chews on his lip. “You know that I took a plane into the Arctic?”“A plane full of bombs.”Tony knows the story better than he knows his own.“I didn’t die,” Steve tells him, solemnly. “I… I went into the ice, and I guess I was frozen in the ice. The serum kept me alive, if in a deep sleep, and when they fished me out, they thought they’d be dealing with a corpse, but I was still breathing. I still had brain activity. The problem was that it was seventy years in the future, when I woke up. 2012.”A small, strangled noise leaves Tony before he can help himself.Steve’s mouth curls up, ruefully. “Yeah,” he says, softly. “When I woke up, the world was… completely different. Everyone I knew was dead or they’d aged and had families and lived an entire life with me. I was completely alone, and then, we were invaded by aliens.”“Excuse me?” Tony says, yelping slightly.“Yeah, aliens exist,” Steve says, with a shrug. “This particular alien was a sleazeball named Loki-”Tony’s face scrunches up. “Like the Norse god?” he clarifies.“It looks like what we know as the Norse religion were just these aliens coming to Earth and screwing with humans,” Steve replies, simply.Tony blinks. “Good to know.” He hesitates. “Just Norse, right?”He can’t take too many crises of faith in one day.“Just Norse,” Steve reassures. “As far as I know, at least.”“That’s good. I can live in plausible deniability then.” Tony waves a hand in the air. “Keep going.”“Loki was coming with an army for the Tesseract. Your father-”“-fished out of the sea back in 1945. Yeah, I know.”“He gave it to SHIELD-”“What’s SHIELD?” Tony cuts him off.Steve pauses. “You don’t know what SHIELD is?” he asks, carefully.Tony shakes his head.“Huh,” Steve rubs his hand over his face, “I was not expecting that, to be honest.”“Yeah, there’s a lot of that going around,” Tony mutters under his breath.Steve flinches but hides it well. “I deserve that,” he murmurs.“Yeah, you do,” Tony retorts, his voice clean like the blade of a knife. “But by all means, keep going.”“SHIELD is… well, they’re a secret intelligence agency, basically. They started up back in the forties, after I took the plane into the ice. Peggy, Colonel Phillips, your father, they started it.”Tony purses his lips. “My father started a secret intelligence agency,” he says, slowly.Steve shrugs. “As far as I understand it, he was a silent partner. He mainly funded things, but he stopped having an active role in things a while ago.”“You know more about my own father than I do. Why am I surprised?” Tony asks, his voice edged with a familiar bitterness.“It’s not like that-”“Keep going with your story,” Tony says, sternly.Steve chews on his lip. “Loki invaded with his army, and we stopped him-”“We?” Tony seizes upon the word.Steve sighs. “You just had to notice that, didn’t you?” he mutters under his breath. “A team, a team of superheroes.”Tony lifts an eyebrow, unable to stop the amusement from lilting in his voice. “So, is that more like the Howling Commandos, or the Justice League?”Steve huffs out a laugh. “More Justice League. There was Thor, Loki’s brother.”Both of Tony’s eyebrows shoot up. “Loki’s brother was helping you fight Loki?” he asks, sceptically.Steve nods. “Loki was… an outcast to say the least. The year before, apparently, he came down to Earth and burned a whole town in New Mexico, just to get back at Thor. Thor… loved his brother, but he knew that Loki had to be stopped. So, helped us.” He clears his throat. “Then, there was Bruce. The Hulk.”“The Hulk?” Tony perks up.“He was a scientist,” Steve explains. “He tried to duplicate the serum that was used on me, but something went terribly wrong, and instead, he could change into a giant green monster when he got angry. There was Clint, Hawkeye. An archer. Natasha. Black Widow. She was… she was a KGB agent, but she defected to the States. She was an assassin, and maybe one of the best fighters I’ve ever seen in my life.” His throat flexes. “She’s dead now,” he says, his voice wounded and painful.



v.
Chapter Notes
So, this is not a happy-happy ending, per se, more of a bittersweet, hopeful ending, and a beginning to more.I might actually write more in this verse, with how the whole getting Bucky back and stopping Howard and Maria dying and present!Steve in the ice works.



Tony has the sudden urge to reach out, draw Steve into his arms, comfort him as he would have comforted him if he’d still been Grant.But he’s not Grant anymore; he’s Steve, and Tony doesn’t know this man, doesn’t know if this man loves him, doesn’t know if he loves this man, even if this man has the same face, the same smile, the same heart of the man that he loves.“I’m sorry,” he offers.Steve gives him a thin-lipped smile. “She was my friend, and now, she’s dead.” He pauses. “She was your friend too.”Tony chews on his lower lip. “So, you knew me, then? I’m still alive?”Steve’s jaw clenches. “Yeah, I knew you,” he says, wearily.“Is that why you came here?” Tony asks, coldly. “Because you couldn’t get with that Tony, so you decided to try with me?”“No, no,” Steve says, vehemently. “It wasn’t like that at all.” He runs a hand through his hair. “After we stopped Loki, we became a team. You invited us to come and live with you. Things changed after that. You… when we were fighting Loki, some bright sparks decided to bomb New York, and you took that bomb into the wormhole from where the aliens were coming. We shut the wormhole on you; we didn’t have any choice, but you came out anyway. You survived.”Steve’s hands are shaking.“Whatever you saw there, in the wormhole, it affected you. Then, when we were looking for one of Loki’s weapons, you saw something, you saw… saw the end of the world, pretty much, and then, there was an AI that tried to destroy the world as well. We… you retired from the group after that. And then, we fought.”“We fought,” Tony says, carefully.“We’d made some pretty big mistakes, had some pretty big battles and destroyed cities, and the world decided to, uh, institute this treaty thing called the Sokovia Accords. You were for them, and I was against it, and we fought. And then…” Steve hedges, his eyes darting from side to side. “I did something terrible, really fucking bad, Tony.”“Worse than what you’ve already done to me?” Tony asks, incredulously.“Much worse,” Steve agrees, grimly.“What? What did you do?” Tony demands.Steve’s mouth turns down at the corner. “The first thing that you should know is that Bucky, you know, my friend, Bucky, he’s not dead.”“Don’t be stupid,” Tony says, derisively, and has the errant thought that he’s being cruel (what if it were Rhodey, what if it were Rhodey who was dead and someone was standing there, telling him he was stupid, he might have killed them). “Of course he is. Everyone knows that. He fell off the train in the Alps.”“He did,” Steve agrees, a pained look hiding behind his eyes. “But he survived the fall.”“No one could have,” Tony says, quietly. “Steve…” he looks away, hating the way that pity laces his voice. “Steve… that fall was massive. No one could have survived that.”“Bucky did. HYDRA experimented on him during the war, and I guess whatever he did to him, it made it so that Bucky survived the fall. The problem is that HYDRA picked him up before anyone else could.”“Shit,” Tony manages to get out.“Yeah,” Steve blows a breath out of his teeth. “He was their prisoner for seventy years. They tortured him, brainwashed him, took all of his memories. When he… when I saw him again, he didn’t even recognise me. He didn’t recognise his own name.”Steve’s voice is like sharp teeth in his skin, and that desperate desire to comfort him rears its ugly head again.“HYDRA used to, uh, send him out on missions, make him kill people for them,” Steve says, quietly, his voice heavy like a graveyard full of corpses. “I found out later on that one of the missions that he was sent on, which hasn’t happened yet. December 16th, 1991.”Steve’s eyes are dull and unhappy, and it makes Tony’s heart flutter in panic, makes him shift on his feet uncomfortably.“That’s… that’s like two years from now,” he says, slowly, his head pounding in a slow beat.“Yeah.”“What happens… what happens on that day?” Tony asks, almost afraid to do so.To his credit, Steve doesn’t shy away from his gaze, meets it without flinching.“Bucky kills your parents.”Tony’s legs give out from underneath him, and he sinks onto the sofa, his hand shaking atop of his thigh. His nails dig deep into his skin through the denim of his jeans, and sweat beads over his brow.“Fuck,” he manages to say, and his lungs squeeze too tight, his heart constricts, and his mouth goes oddly dry.Tears grow hot in his eyes, and he rubs the heels of his hands against them, wishing the tears away, a lump in his throat growing and taking form.“Fuck,” he repeats, his belly swooping in dread. “What the fuck, Steve?”“I know,” Steve says, miserably, and the couch dips beside Tony, as Steve sits down as well, keeping a fair distance between them.“He killed my parents,” Tony finds the need to say it out loud, have it confirmed for him.Steve nods.“He’s going to kill my parents?” Tony repeats, stumbling over the words the second time around. “And you… you knew this, in your timeline? So what?”“I didn’t tell you the first time around,” Steve says, solemnly. “I hid it from you for two years, and then, after we stopped fighting over the Accords, after you came to help me, because of my lies, you had to watch a video of your parents being murdered by my best friend, and you had to find out that I knew the whole time and I didn’t tell you.”Tony stares at him, and the anger beats slow and soft, and then, grows hot in his veins, filling them like fire.“I want to punch you in your stupid, perfect teeth,” he says, after a moment, darkly.Steve winces like he’s been struck, and he tangles his fingers together almost nervously. “Yeah, I’ve heard that from you before,” he whispers.“What the fuck, Steve?” Tony growls, grinding his teeth.“I know, I know,” Steve moans, covering his face in his hand.“Why? Why are you telling me this now?” Tony demands.Steve looks at him, his gaze damp. “Because I love you, because I’m sick of lying to you, because I’m not going to let anyone hurt your parents, hurt you. Because I’m going to save Bucky and stop all of this from happening,” he says, his voice firm.“But you still… you still lied to me, Steve. You lied to me with your Tony, and you lied to me now. Nothing about you is the truth. What am I supposed to do with that?” Tony asks, rough with grief. “What am I supposed to do with you?”Steve closes his eyes. “I have made many mistakes in my life, Tony,” he says, woodenly. “Too many, and they all come from when I lie to you.”He sounds infinitely tired, nothing like Tony imagined Captain America would be.“I’m sick of lying to you, I’m sick of thinking that I know best. I’m sick of… I’m sick of everything. You can hate me for it; that’s your right. But I… I’m tired. I have spent so long doing what I thought was right, and it got me nothing in the end. It got me nothing,” Steve snarls, his mouth pulled back to show his teeth. “And now, you hate me for what we’ve done-”“Stop talking,” Tony says, wearily, pinching the bridge of his nose.Steve’s mouth snaps shut.“You lied to me,” he says, his voice sharp like flinders of metal. “You knew who I was in that bar, and you didn’t tell me who you were. Why?”Steve closes his eyes. “Because I knew everything would change if I told you that I was Steve Rogers. You would never have… you would never have come with me to that hotel room if you thought I was Captain America.”Tony’s chest hurts something fierce. “So, you lied to me because you wanted to get laid,” he says, firmly, ignoring the raw, hot swell of betrayal.“No,” Steve growls. “No, that’s not true. That’s not why I lied. I didn’t lie because I wanted you to have sex with me. I lied to you because you hate Captain America, and I have been in love with you for years. I thought it was the only way for me to have you.”“So, you were being selfish,” Tony says, his voice ugly. “You said, to hell with what he wants, I want him, and you made it happen. Fuck what I wanted, right?”“No, no-”“You were being selfish, and you used me. You wanted him, you wanted your Tony, and let me guess, he didn’t want you back, so you decided to find a Tony that would want you.”“No,” Steve snaps, loudly, lurching to his feet. “That’s not what happened here. I didn’t even… nothing happened between me and the Tony I knew before I came here, okay? Nothing happened. If it had… I wouldn’t have come back, I would’ve died with him. I came here because I had to drop something off, and then, I saw you, and I just had the desperate urge to just sit there and talk to you, and you made me smile, you made me laugh. The Tony I knew didn’t make me laugh, okay? He made me angry; we fought all the time. I have never wanted to fight with you, Tony. You’re not a replacement. I love you,” he says, fiercely, like there is no truth more absolute than this, like when he closes his eyes, he sees Tony’s face and Tony’s face alone.It tastes sweet in Tony’s mouth to hear those words, it softens him right up, and then, he remembers.“You lied to me!”“I know, I know, and I’m sorry. I know it’s a pathetic apology; I know I don’t deserve your forgiveness, but I’m sorry. I’m so fucking sorry,” Steve’s voice is thick and rough and damp, and the tears are freely dripping down his face, “I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry.”Tony folds his arms across his chest, wanting to kiss the sadness from his eyes. “How can I trust you now?” he asks, haltingly, worrying his teeth on his lower lip. “How can I trust you when you’ve hidden yourself, everything that you know, from me at every opportunity? You could’ve told me. You could’ve told me so many times, and you didn’t. That’s a choice you made, a choice where my feelings didn’t factor, didn’t even make a dent in your decision-making-”“It destroyed me to keep this a secret,” Steve swears.“I don’t have any evidence of that,” Tony retorts. “Look at what evidence I do have. You kept your mouth shut for as long as you could, and you would have continued to do it, until you were forced to. And you were forced to because my dad was here. Even then, you didn’t think about coming clean.” He leans forward, baring the line of his teeth. “If you loved me at all, if you loved me for just a fucking moment in your life, you would never have created a situation which allowed me to be humiliated by him.”Steve’s face cracks wide open in grief. “I… it kills me that he used me to get to you,” he says, the blood hot in his face, making his skin equally blotchy and sickly. “It… I would… I would never let him hurt you, Tony. I wouldn’t… fuck, I almost killed him today, after everything he said to you. I would’ve killed him.”Tony leans back, drawing an audible breath. “Captain America doesn’t just kill,” he says, a snide, mocking edge wrapping around the words.“Fuck that, I love you,” Steve snaps.The words tangle in Tony’s ribs.“I would… you have no idea what I would do for you, Tony. I mean that, you know? I would’ve killed him for you; I would kill him for you,” Steve says, roughly, so miserable, so browbeaten. “I know you hate me. I know I’ve hurt you. I know… there isn’t anything I can say now that would make you trust me or anything I have to say. All I can say is that I love you, I love you very, very much, and I’m not leaving you, not unless you want me to. I’m sorry for everything that I’ve done to you. I don’t deserve a second chance, but I am asking, no, I’m begging you for one. I’m begging you to give me a chance to earn your trust.”Tony looks at him, swallowing compulsively.“You don’t owe me a thing, and you can throw me out, and I’ll go, and you’ll never have to hear from me again, but I’m asking you to give me a second chance, to prove to you that I love you, only you, that I’m going to change things, I’m going to stop all of the awful things from happening,” Steve says, a hard line to his mouth.He leaves his hand lying there on the couch, and Tony reaches for it, before he even knows what he’s doing, tangling their fingers together.The relief is instantaneous in Steve, and he deflates.“I’m not forgiving you,” Tony warns.Steve’s face turns strained, taut at the edges.“I’m not. This is not forgiveness. I’ve listened to what you have to say, and…” his stomach lurches with butterflies, and he flattens his palm against it, “if you’d told me this after my parents were dead, I would’ve kicked you out. I would’ve… I don’t know what I would’ve done, but I might have actually tried to stick the fire poker in you,” he says, darkly amused, “As fucked up as it sounds, and as much as I hate proving my mother right, you came here in the nick of time. We can… stop it from happening, my parents; we can save your friend, and it’s not going to be like what happened in your time. I won’t let it. And I suppose I need your help for that.”“So-”“So, this is me saying that if you lie to me again, about anything, I won’t be as nice as I am being right now,” Tony says, simply, firmly. “Despite what people may think of me, I am not a punching bag. I don’t sit here, waiting for a handout. You don’t get more than this chance with me.”Steve nods, having eyes only for him. “I understand.” He hesitates for an agonising moment. “Can I… can I touch you?” he asks, hardly daring hope.Tony takes a deep, steadying breath, and finally, nods.Steve shifts closer to him on the couch, until their thighs are grazing, and lays his big, solid hand atop Tony’s slimmer one, squeezing hard.Tony stares straight ahead, wrestling with emotion.“You were really going to choke him, weren’t you?” he says, suddenly.He hears Steve’s scowl rather than seeing it.“He called you a whore; he’s lucky I didn’t break his face,” Steve grumbles under his breath.“My dad says a lot of shit to me; who knows, you might get a chance in the future,” Tony tells him and lets his head fall onto Steve’s shoulder.Steve’s body jerks underneath him, as if he hadn’t been expecting Tony to touch him like this, so quickly, so easily – the thing is, it’s not easy.His mother was right, he thinks; all relationships are unhealthy, and maybe, this is just where Tony and Steve fall into that spectrum.Maybe Tony has lines, and Steve, while skidding dangerously close to a few of them, hasn’t completely flown over, and so, Tony doesn’t know how to put him out. Maybe there will actually be one day where Steve crosses his lines, and Tony will end this thing between them, cut the thread that joins them together; maybe Tony is just as awful as Steve, using him for his own purposes, using him to save his parents, but still hoping to gain something out of it, find something wholesome between him and Steve that he can carry with him; maybe, they’re as bad as each other, willing to do whatever it takes to keep each other, even if it means contenting themselves with something dark and hungry, instead of warm and sweet, willing to do whatever it takes to make what they want happen, and that’s why they belong together, why they fit together like puzzle pieces, why Tony has never felt this way, like he is half a heart without Steve; maybe Maria is right, and this is just what relationships are, this is all they can be, at least in the world that Tony lives in.Maybe this is what Tony has, and for now, Steve is still here, and Tony is still here, and forgiveness is still something ephemeral, but there are no endings for them yet.“Steve,” he says, after a moment’s silence.“Yeah?” Steve asks, softly.“Was it awkward of you for me to call you daddy in bed, when you know my father?” Tony asks, curiously.Steve groans. “Do I have to answer that?”“You absolutely have to answer that,” Tony tells him.“Is it weird for you now that you know that I know your father?” Steve retorts.“No,” Tony replies, loftily.Steve’s face scrunches up like he doesn’t quite believe him, but Steve is yet to understand that Tony has never and will never call his father Daddy, and so, calling Steve that in bed, even as Grant, doesn’t evoke some long-repressed daddy issues the way that Steve is thinking.“Now, answer the question,” Tony says, sternly.Steve sighs. “No, it doesn’t.”“Why?” Tony pushes.Steve grinds his teeth, visibly, his jaw clenching under the assault. “Because when I think about you like that, calling me daddy, digging your claws into me like you think I can protect from everything, that’s just for us, not for anyone else. I don’t think about anyone else when you’re like that me. I just think about you.” He pauses. “And fuck Howard,” he feels the need to say. “He can go fuck himself before he thinks he can come in between us.”Tony cradles Steve’s painfully handsome face with a single hand, almost too hard, smushing his cheeks together, and he sighs. “That was the right thing to say to me,” he says.He leans in and brushes his mouth over Steve’s, and then, he twists into Steve’s body, twining an arm around his shoulders.“Are you sure we should be doing this?” Steve asks, breathlessly. “You’re still so… so angry at me, Tony.”“I never said that I had healthy coping mechanisms,” Tony says, with a roll of his eyes.Steve pulls away, sharply, his brow furrowed deep. “Tony, I’m not going to be one of your unhealthy coping mechanisms,” he says, firmly. “If you don’t want me, not really, just tell me. I’ll still be here. I just… I won’t touch you.”“What if I want you to touch me?” Tony asks, curling his hand in the collar of Steve’s shirt.Steve’s hand encircles Tony’s thin wrist. “I’d say that I’m not going anywhere, but you’ve had a long day, and I think you should get some rest,” he says, his voice low, laced with indomitable adoration.Tony feels his exhaustion in his bones, but he flicks his eyes towards the door. “I can’t,” he says, almost stammering.Steve’s hand finds the back of his head, his fingers sliding into Tony’s hair. “Why not?” he asks, softly.“He’s… he’s up there,” Tony confesses, uncertain and childlike, ashamed to have to crack open his ribcage and show his poor, thin, starving heart to this man, this man of abject perfection.Steve’s face hardens into an angry mask and for a brief, jittery second, Tony thinks it’s directed at him, and then, Steve’s hands tighten around him, and he presses his lips to Tony’s hairline.“It’s okay. I won’t let him say anything, do anything to you,” he promises, his voice deep as grinding stone.“Yeah?” Tony watches him for a long, quiet moment.Steve joins him on his feet, arm slung around his waist, knuckles dragging back and forth over the slope of Tony’s hip, his eyes intent on his.“Yeah."




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



