



Things Fall Apart Others - portscutie - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Things Fall Apart (Others Fall Together)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9797498.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M, Multi
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Park Jimin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga, Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS), Min Yoongi | Suga
Additional Tags:
Established Relationship, Polyamory, Little Space, Age Regression/De-Aging, Non-Sexual Intimacy, Little!Jimin, little!yoongi, caregiver!hoseok, Fluff, Domestic Fluff, Fluff and Angst, Light Angst
Series:
Part 12 of
Gifts for Lovelies
Stats:

        Published: 2017-02-17
        Words: 8083
      

Things Fall Apart (Others Fall Together)
by portscutie
Summary
With the bedroom door closed between them and a raging Hoseok, Jimin began really breaking down. “I don’t want daddy to be my daddy anymore!” Jimin’s eyes were squeezed tight, tears still somehow escaping and falling from his rapidly puffing eyes. His arms were wrapped around Yoongi’s middle, the little using all his strength to hold on to his boyfriend. “Yoonie, I don’t like Seokkie-daddy no—n-no mo’! I w-want you to be my daddy!”  AKA, Little!Jimin, Caregiver!Hoseok, and Little!Yoongi handle Hoseok maybe going too far.
Notes
This is dedicated to my Ollie Trolley. Babe, you're normal.<3 Here's some photos of BTS in their Capsule shirts.Lowkey want to link the series that inspired me to write LS :'), by ParkHwasa.Cross-posted on my Tumblr: Portscutie.

          See the end of the work for more notes




Things Fall Apart (Others Fall Together)

"Jiminnie?" Hoseok called, voice drifting from the kitchen where he was hunched over cutting apples for snack time and into the adjacent living room. "Did you wash your hands?""Yes, daddy!" came Jimin’s answer, socked feet scampering across the hardwood as his body came colliding with the doorframe, little damp hands gripping the wood for balance. "All clean, daddy! Yoonie too!"Hoseok smiled, placing the knife down on the cutting board before wiping the sticky juices from his hand with a dishtowel. He walked over to Jimin, a fond glow in his eyes. "That's my good baby." He pinched one of Jimin's chubby cheeks before bopping his nose, the yellow kitchen filling with the younger’s laughter. "Now tell Yoon-ah that it's time for snackie, ‘kay?""Okay!" Jimin ran off to deliver the message, Hoseok turning to collect the small plastic bowls decorated with Scooby Doo and spoons with SpongeBob handles before dishing the green apples and dollops of peanut butter. It was already eleven am and Yoongi was always a tad hungry for a snack after his morning playtime. The two never ate a heavy lunch; much preferring to save room for an elaborate home cooked dinner instead. Picking up the bowls and placing them on a tray, Hoseok moved to enter the living room.The first thing he noticed was that Yoongi had commandeered the couch leaving Jimin to sprawl out on the beige carpeted floor. They both were dressed in knee-high socks, loose blue denim shorts, and their matching mini capsule shirts, a special request from Jimin because Hoseok’s boyfriends were “filled with love for our daddy.”“What’cha got there, Minnie?” Hoseok asked, as he got closer to the younger little.When Little, Jimin was prone to stim. Jimin had told Hoseok that in the early days of his entering into little space, he was more frustrated in his space than he was out of it. He would suddenly get these urges to rub objects together, put things in his mouth, shake or rattle tables just to hear the soothing sound of wood creaking. He slowly started collecting makeshift toys for when he was Little to assuage these urges, not really knowing why certain things made him feel better, less frustrated, than others. It wasn’t until much later (and meeting psychology minor Yoongi) that Jimin learned about sensory stimulation and just how good it felt to fill up a pot with soft rainbow suds to submerge his hands in. When properly stimulated Jimin found that when he turned Big again his mind was more relaxed, free of any blockage of his creative juices. Jimin felt that his need to stim made him more emotionally aware, closer to and in touch with the world around him.“Look, Daddy, I made p-purple! ” Jimin shook a plastic bag up for Hoseok to see the smeared and lumpy mess inside.Years later, Jimin found his sensory niche in play-doh. His favorite thing to do was to put two different colors of play-doh in a Ziploc bag and use his lime green rolling pin and his fingers to roll and mush the colors together until they blended into a marbled masterpiece. When not focused on his play-doh, though, Jimin would opt to pull out the pack of pull-ups Hoseok stored in the closet of the littles’ playroom. Jimin loved playing with the pull-ups because the tiny characters on them never failed to make him smile and there was something just so exciting about stretching the elastic waistbands on them until they snapped back into place, the little’s arm muscles burning from his constant efforts.“That’s beautiful, Jiminnie, the color matches your shirt so well. Can you please put it away for later, though? Snackie is here for Daddy’s little munchkins!”Walking up to the coffee table in front of the couch Hoseok moved over Yoongi’s array of toy instruments with one hand and placed down the tray of food. The two boys jumped over to the table, crossing their legs, and began to eat. Hoseok, smile on his face as he watched Jimin smear peanut butter on Yoongi’s chin before giggling and trying to lick it off, started to absentmindedly press keys on Yoongi’s piano. The small model was the cuter version of its twin located in Yoongi’s studio.When Yoongi was Big he spent his days and nights producing music for therapeutic services, mostly with classical instruments, which he recorded onto albums. When in his headspace, resting at home on is days off with his boyfriends, Yoongi was an altogether different kind of musician, one with far more freedom.Yoongi prized his toy piano; it only had three keys on it—the primary colors—but he smashed them as if they were ivory and full of potential. Over the three years that Hoseok has been caring for Yoongi the little had assembled his own mini orchestra. Along with his piano he had vibrant trumpets, violins, a cello, clarinet, and a metal triangle in his percussion section, all seats manned by stuffed animals he borrowed from Jimin’s bed. Yoongi played these instruments horribly out of tune, off key, and loud—all to contrast the grueling, stressful perfection he set for himself in his therapist career.“Daddy?”“Yes, Yoonie?” Hoseok reached his hand out to ruffle Yoongi’s blonde hair, stopping the two notes—do and re—from ringing in the air.“Daddy play ‘iano too?”Jimin stopped chewing, ears perking with interest. He knew Hoseok didn’t know how to play the piano but he still loved watching his two boyfriends mess around with music. Once, Hoseok had jokingly played the theme to Titanic through his nose on Yoongi’s yellow clarinet and it had Jimin doubled over laughing for what felt like hours. “Can Daddy play Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star?” Jimin asked through a mouthful of peanut butter, tongue almost stuck to the roof of his mouth.Hoseok chuckled. “I don’t know how well I can but I can try if my baby wants me to.”Jimin bounced in his seat, hands coming up to clap clumsily, SpongeBob spoon in-between. “Yeah! Jiminnie wants Daddy to play!”Hoseok looked to Yoongi who was nodding delightedly, his forearms covered in light brown from his attempts at wiping off the mess Jimin failed to lick off. With an exaggerated rolling of his sleeves and a throat clearing Hoseok started to press down on the red and blue keys again, and sung.
“Twinkle, twinkle, little boys,

Daddy’s playing with your toys

Up above the world so high

Daddy searches in the sky

Twinkle, twinkle, little boys,

When he finds you he’ll find joy.”
When he was finished off with a rapid staccato of the yellow key Jimin’s clapping resumed, throwing his small body back against a pillow. “Daddy, that was better than last time!”“Yeah, maybe one day Daddy can practice and get betterer enough to join my band… maybe.” Yoongi said this every time Hoseok tried to play a note—whether jokingly or seriously—but he suspected Yoongi wouldn’t hesitate to let him join if Hoseok asked. (The little enjoyed conducting and directing as much as he liked playing in the band—but he loved including his two boyfriends in the fun even more.)After the littles finished their snack Hoseok kissed them each on their cheek and sent them off to wash up in the bathroom and grab some more weather-appropriate pants. Meanwhile, he cleared the empty bowls and deposited them in the sink and wiped a wet rag over the small mess they had made on the table. Now, it was time for their afternoon walk.Grabbing Yoongi and Jimin’s coats out the closet he waited for his babies to come out to the hall. Jimin was the first to emerge wearing jeans, tripping over his feet as he ran to Hoseok and collided into his chest, grabby hands reaching for his blue coat and red sneakers. Yoongi came out in thermos and sweatpants less enthusiastically but eyes still shimmering as he zeroed in on the extremely large scarf draped over Hoseok’s arm.Yoongi reached around Jimin and grabbed the green and blue knitted scarf, made by Hoseok himself, and started twisting and winding it around his body—more of it on his waist and torso than his actual neck—before Hoseok steadied him with a hand to his shoulder. “Coat first, Yoonie, you know that.” With a small huff and prominent pout Yoongi let Hoseok unwind him, the little giggling as he spun in a circle and got dizzy, then stumbled over to put on his jacket near Jimin, Yoongi’s arms out to allow Hoseok to zip it up for him. When the two were all zipped and buttoned, a blue winter hat designed to mimic the shape of a mermaid’s tail to cover Jimin’s brown hair and a white and black panda one for Yoongi, then Hoseok allowed Yoongi to don his favorite winter gear.The idea Hoseok had when creating the scarf was to mirror what he’d seen online as a “couple’s scarf,” except this one was lengthy enough for three people. Unfortunately, Yoongi’s penchant for long scarves in general made it nearly impossible for Hoseok to have any material left for himself so he’d had to accept his fate of watching the two cutest people ever share a three-person scarf, tassels hanging down nearly to their knees, while Hoseok cooed from where he walked behind them. The scarf was blended with colors they’d all chosen: white by Yoongi, green by Hoseok, and blue by Jimin. The scarf was striped and at the end Hoseok had tied the loose ends together to create a colorful fringe that swayed as the littles walked and knocked against their legs.At first, when they learned that Hoseok couldn’t fit in the scarf (No, Jiminnie, I’m here to take care of your needs, so if Yoonie wants long scarves then he can have long scarves) Jimin was more than a tad upset. Yoongi, just as weak to a sad Jimin as Hoseok was, suggested an alternative.Leaving the house for their weekly walk through the park Jimin was all smiles as he wiggled his fingers in the overly big red glove engulfing his right hand. Behind him, Hoseok inconspicuously rubbed at the tight band of the blue mitten digging into his wrist. Jimin’s hands were way smaller than Hoseok’s but if it made his baby happy then Hoseok would be willing to wear both of his youngest boyfriend’s tiny mittens in exchange for his own. Luckily, his other hand was covered by the yellow glove that, every time, Yoongi would shyly extend for his daddy to take, the long-fingered glove a way better match for Hoseok than the one Jimin excitingly and forcefully shoved over his daddy’s cramped fingers.On Jimin’s left hand was his other mitten and Yoongi’s right wore the mate of his yellow glove. The two held hands and Hoseok resisted the urge to just hug them to his chest and squeal loudly about how adorable they were. Yoongi’s idea for them all to share gloves was the cutest solution he could ever come up with (but next year he’d make sure to knit an even longer scarf so he could get in on the warm huddles, too).When they got to the park, sneakers crunching though frosted grass, Hoseok couldn’t be more thankful he’d thought ahead and dressed the boys in their thick teal woolen socks before they’d left. It hadn’t snowed yet so he didn’t think they needed to bring out the snow boots but it was getting more frigid every day as winter rolled in. The sky was a dusty gray as the dull winter ambiance settled in among the trees but the sun was fighting to burn off the mist. There were still a few scattered leaves blowing through the bushes that had somehow escaped the city’s landscapers and tiny wildflower survivors coated in white crystals. The cold air burned in their lungs and rejuvenated them from the past week cooped up inside.There weren’t many people out but they did get to stop and pet the occasional dog on a walk with its owner. Each time a puppy came along the path Jimin would drag Yoongi over to it by the hand and drop to his knees to hug it, the other little following after to press kisses between the dog’s ears. It got to the point where Hoseok would run ahead first to quickly ask permission of the owner before the littles could startle anyone (also to make sure the dog was safe for touching). Big dogs were slightly harder to handle because Jimin, when Little, was afraid of them and tended to hide behind Yoongi who still made it his mission to approach and kiss each dog equally. When this happened Hoseok would pick up Jimin and sit him on his hip so he could hide his face in Hoseok’s neck but, since the little was sharing a scarf with Yoongi, they couldn’t move away very far. After the third dog Hoseok also just had to accept that the knees of Yoongi’s and Jimin’s pants would just have grass stains that he’d have to deal with on washday.“Daddy?” They’d just circled the small pond in the middle of the park and Jimin had turned his head to call for Hoseok over his shoulder. “D-Daddy?” He started to move the arm connected to Yoongi’s, their hands swinging between them back and forth, higher and higher.“Yes, Minnie?” Hoseok picked up the pace, walking up beside Jimin and smiling down at him. “What is it, baby?”Jimin motioned with the hand that wasn’t holding Yoongi’s, prompting his daddy to lean closer. Yoongi was distracted by a flock of geese skimming the surface of the water; the squawking loud and a good cover for a sudden secret conversation. Voice dropping to a whisper, gloved hand coming up to cup his mouth, Jimin said, “I think I like Yoonie, daddy.”“Oh, really?” Hoseok grinned, voice matching the blushing boy.“Y-Yeah… When I grow up I w-wanna be Yoonie’s b-boyfriend.” His eyes shot over to the little beside him, visibly relaxing when he saw Yoongi fishing through his pocket for some crumbs to feed the birds.Chuckling softly, Hoseok responded, “But aren’t you already Yoonie’s boyfriend, Minnie?”“No!” he exclaimed, startling Yoongi who stopped walking and whipped his head to the other two. Panicking, Jimin just waved him of and tried to give a reassuring smile. It must have worked because Yoongi shrugged and continued walking and gapping at nature. When Big the musician hardly got to appreciate anything other than maybe a new stain on the four walls of his studio so Little Yoongi was more than thrilled to go back to looking at actual trees and semi-wildlife.“No?”Jimin shook his head. ”No. L-Like… real boyfriend. I wanna k-k-kiss him.” Jimin stuttered when he was being shy and that, coupled with his voice tapering off on a breath, just made Hoseok giggle.“Cute,” was all he said and pinched one of the little’s cheeks, deepening the red color of it.As they started turning onto the last bend of the park path Yoongi yawned loud and drawn-out. Hoseok resisted the urge to call him cute also. Instead, he asked, “Time for baby’s nappie?” // Yoongi always took a nap on his day off. It wasn’t surprising to see him curled up on a beanbag chair or the loveseat after their walk, catching up on some much needed sleep while he was in his headspace and able to relax fully.When they entered the house and Hoseok finished taking off their winter gear Yoongi sluggishly went over to his Little Drawer in their playroom and withdrew his naptime attire from the top left of the baby pink and gray furniture. Yoongi took afternoon naps in tiny shorts that allowed his bare legs to fully feel the softness of his fleece ducky blanket and with his sleep-time pacifier perched precariously on the bow of his lip, the hard plastic blue and yellow with a cartoon lamb.He placed the objects on the changing table in the room and held his arms up. Hoseok came in and started tugging off the little’s clothes, pulling his mini capsule shirt over his head and replacing it with a loose purple t-shirt with a sleeping cow perched on a half-moon on the front and kneeling to tug Yoongi’s heels through the openings of his pants and dressing him in his red and blue sleep shorts. All ready, the sleepy boy popped his pacifier in his mouth and cradled his blanket in his arms before shuffling over to the window seat in the living room to look out the glass until sleep took him. Hoseok brought out his lullaby stuffy and placed it in his lap before placing a kiss to Yoongi’s cheek, forehead, and lips. He then dimmed the lights on that side of the room, the melody of Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star bringing a smile to Yoongi’s face as his mind drifted on thoughts of his daddy singing him to sleep.Jimin, on the other hand, never took naps.While Yoongi was preparing for his rest Jimin went to his arts and crafts bin for his coloring book and markers. Hoseok preferred he used crayons because they made less mess but at the moment Jimin felt that the scratch, scratch, scratch of the markers across paper was the right kind of stimulation that he needed to start winding down his day. He opened to a page with a butterfly and used his teeth to uncap a hot pink marker.After sitting with Yoongi for a bit to make sure the little was comfortable and well on his way to a deep sleep, Hoseok rolled his sleeves up and got ready to cook dinner. Jimin waved at him, marker top still clenched between his teeth, as the caretaker passed by on his way to the kitchen. Hoseok blew his rising-artist-of-a-little a kiss before turning the corner into the hall.Jimin blushed, remembering what he’d said earlier about kissing Yoonie, but, in actuality, he didn’t mind kissing his daddy more in a boyfriend-y way either. He couldn’t get those kinds of big boy words out until he was Big again; it was hard enough confessing about Yoongi. He rubbed a hand over his burning cheek, managing to get pink marker all over the bridge of his nose in the process.Switching from pink to a vibrant green Jimin continued to color. The scratching blended into the background.He colored for what felt like hours—at least long enough for Yoongi’s lullaby doll to turn itself off and for two of the butterfly wings to be filled in completely with an assortment of colors—and dinner still wasn’t ready. Jimin was becoming hungry, and bored. He tried rolling a marker over the wooden surface of the table to hear the noise it made but it just wasn’t as satisfying (and entertaining) as he’d like; he’d even chewed it some more before spitting it out. Balancing a marker on his pursed top lip he looked over towards Yoongi’s slumped body and whined in the back of his throat, long nails tapping against the marker box. The elder didn’t move. Jimin, too, slumped over in his seat at the table, but in minute frustration instead of relaxation. He wished he could nap as well but he was always so full of energy and curiosity while in his headspace he had difficulties laying down for a catnap. He tried whining once more but this time louder. There was still no response other than the shifting of the blanket. “Yoonie…” he moaned, a frown marring his features.His gaze drifted across the room, over the couches and under the coffee table. He didn’t see his favorite stuffed peach anywhere or even his next favorite ball of yarn; he just wanted something to play with, someone to fill the silence before it turned into that annoying buzzing in his brain. With a disheartened sigh he threw the yellow marker in his hand across the room, getting no gratification from the sound of it popping off the wall and over somewhere behind the television. With Yoongi down for the count and no toys in sight he tried his next source of amusement.“Daddy!” he cried. “Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!” Jimin was yelling so loud it would have woken up even Yoongi if the other hadn’t spent three all nighters at work in a row. “Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!”In the kitchen Hoseok jumped a little at the sound of his name, jostling the measuring spoon in his hand and spilling flour all over the counter. “Yes, baby?” he called back in confusion, turning down the volume on his iPod speaker sitting on the windowsill.“Daddy! Daddy!”“Yes, Minnie, Minnie, my cinnamonie?”The little just kept repeating his name over and over. He didn’t sound in pain or scared but he was not really giving a reason as to why he wanted Hoseok’s attention either.Hoseok knew that Little Jimin needed constant companionship. It was one of the reasons Yoongi first slipped into little space himself. The two of them made the conscious decision to be Little together because Yoongi wanted Jimin to always have someone, to never be alone. “I know Yoonie’s asleep but daddy’s busy, sweetheart. Can’t it wait until I’m done cooking something delicious to fill your wittle tummy? I promise daddy will be right there to play with you, darling.” Hoseok swept the spilled flour into the sink with his hand, measuring again the amount he needed and slowly whisking it into the gravy he was making.Yoongi loved Jimin a lot, he really did—enough to be Little for the youngest and even more so to always be there for Jimin when he needed someone who understood his Little tendencies most—and he also trusted Hoseok to handle the adult tasks like cooking and cleaning while his two boyfriends were in little space. This trust, additionally, overflowed to Hoseok handling Jimin when Yoongi needed some down time to rest."No!” Jimin’s voice took on an undertone of slight panic. “Minnie needs Daddy, now!” Hoseok could hear the sound of Jimin kicking his feet against the hardwood floor and something softer, maybe the couch frame or a pillow. He stirred the pot faster, willing the gravy to just hurry up and thicken already. Then he heard the sound of multiple things hitting the living room walls, probably whatever Jimin had been working on before he decided he was too bored with it. The longer Hoseok didn’t stop what he was doing to go entertain the little’s tantrum the more Jimin wailed. “Daddy! Daddy! Now! Now! Daddy, nooow!” Hoseok’s eye twitched. He stirred in more flour, accidentally pouring in too much way too fast in his hurry, the concoction turning into a chunky goop right before his eyes. He stared at it in horror.See, Yoongi trusted Jimin to be taken care of, either by himself or, more often, by Hoseok. He trusted that Jimin would be happy, content with Hoseok as their daddy, especially when Little Jimin required endless, reliable affection, constant reassurances that he wasn’t alone in trying to find peace from the stress of his daily life—The sound of a frustrated Hoseok slamming a pot on the stove reverberated through the apartment followed by a scream. “Oh, my gosh, be patient, Jimin! Got damn!”—Which is why it was no surprise that Yoongi was jarred awake, no matter how deeply asleep he had been, when Jimin cried because Yoongi was just that attuned with his youngest boyfriend and his need for someone.The sound of Jimin’s distress snapped an awoken Yoongi out of little space and he glared as Hoseok stormed into the room, hot pot handle still clutched in his oven-mitt hand. Before Hoseok could even get a dozen steps into the room Yoongi had jumped up—blanket and stuffed animal thrown to the floor, pacifier spit out and rolled away somewhere—and grabbed a sobbing Jimin by the sleeve of his shirt, dragging him out of the circle of spilled markers and ripped coloring book pages, past Hoseok, and away to the bedroom at the end of the hall.With the bedroom door closed between them and a raging Hoseok, Jimin began really breaking down. “I don’t want daddy to be my daddy anymore!” Jimin’s eyes were squeezed tight, tears still somehow escaping and falling from his rapidly puffing eyes. His arms were wrapped around Yoongi’s middle, the little using all his strength to hold on to his boyfriend. “Yoonie, I don’t like Seokkie-daddy no—n-no mo’!”“Shh, it’s okay, Minnie. Calm down.” He ran his fingers through Jimin’s toffee hair; upsetting the curls that Hoseok had spent hours putting in earlier that day.“I w-want you to be my daddy!” Jimin continued hysterically as if he hadn’t even heard Yoongi.Yoongi froze. He was pissed, like, really pissed at Hoseok right now for ever yelling at Jimin while he was in his headspace (and even more for coming at him with a hot pot, intentionally or not, like, what the fuck) but even he wouldn’t go so far as to say Hoseok couldn’t be Jimin’s caregiver anymore. He was even less likely to suggest he, Min Yoongi, a fellow Little, should be Jimin’s new daddy. He sucked in a sharp breath. “You don’t mean that, sweetie.”“Yes, I do! I don’t want him to be my—my daddy! He’s not my daddy no more! No, no no!”Just as Jimin declared this Hoseok, on the other side of the door, was feeling downright terrible. He stood with both hands on the wood of the door, pot returned to the kitchen where it should’ve never left, and regret burning through his veins and sitting heavy in his bones. He’d come running to apologize as soon as he realized just what he’d done. There was no excuse for the way he reacted, no matter how bratty Jimin was acting. He was little, and sensitive, and Hoseok, as his caregiver, had gone too far. Now, even Yoongi was mad at him, the elder’s glare holding more malice than Jimin could verbally express on his own. Hoseok knew he didn’t deserve Jimin’s forgiveness but… hearing him say that Hoseok couldn’t be his daddy anymore hurt, even if it was a more than suitable punishment for his behavior.Dropping to his knees—feeling as if his gut continued down through the floor without him—Hoseok bit his lip to keep in his despair and forced himself to listen through the splintering sounds of his world crumbling down.“Jimin, Jiminnie, Minnie, really, I can’t be your daddy.”“Why… not?” Jimin’s sniffling had caused his voice to become nasally and small hiccups started to pop up as he struggled with talking through his brisk breaths.“Because,” Yoongi ran a hand through his own hair before replacing it back in the little’s. He couldn’t believe he was going to do this. “Hoseok does so much good for you, baby.”“No, nuh uh!” The younger swiftly shook his head back and forth in denial. “Seokie mean.” It proved just how adamant Jimin was that he dropped all honorifics and titles for his boyfriend.“Shh, yes, I know he’s mean,” he took a meaningful pause, “right now, but what about all the other times?” Jimin refused to respond, pressing his face deep into the crook of Yoongi’s neck; it seemed like he didn’t like where this conversation was going. Yoongi looked up to the ceiling and wracked his brain. “Like, when he decorated the playroom for us? Or knit us that scarf with love in every stitch? Weren’t those such nice things that he did for us littles?”Jimin whimpered, fingers tightening in the fabric of Yoongi’s shirt till the cotton creaked.“C’mon, I know you can think of a ton of things our daddy does that I can’t do. What about when he braids your hair when you’re sad ‘cause you like the feeling? I don’t know how to braid, sweetie. And how about tickle fights? Hoseok-ah loves seeing if he can out-tickle you. I’m not very ticklish at all so it’s an unfair advantage for me to play with you.” Yoongi started to rock softly side to side, murmuring his list into the crown of Jimin’s fluffy hair, nails scratching soothingly along his scalp.“There’s also how, when your being especially little, he’ll run to the store and buy you new toys that are more age appropriate for how your feeling.” He chuckled. “I’m too selfish to share toys, baby, let alone drop everything to go to five different stores in search of a Fisher-Price crunchy fabric book for you to chew on.” He kissed his head to show that it wasn’t because he loved him any less. “Also, Hoseok-ah keeps all your pretty drawings in a binder that he brings with him when Namjoonie and Seokjin-hyung invite us to dinner. He just gushes about our wittle artist to all his daddy friends. I’m pretty sure if you drew a straight line he’d fork over a million won just for you to sign it and hang it in his office.”As the list went on Jimin alternated between rubbing his face against- and nipping at Yoongi’s shoulder and picking at the elastic waistband of the elder’s sleep shorts, gently releasing it to snap back against Yoongi’s flesh but Yoongi didn’t mind; if Jimin wanted to use him to stim—to calm down—he’d suffer any discomfort, always.“When little Minnie is sleepy Hoseok makes him chocolate milk before bed and we all know how sucky I am at doing that. I always mix up the milk-to-powder ratio and you never fail to let me know it tastes like crap ‘cause you’ll spit it out all over the bed sheets. It’s why I’m not allowed to feed you, remember?” Yoongi stopped rocking, voice growing more wistful, getting Jimin’s attention. “But I think the most special thing our daddy does for us is always coming down to our level. He’ll play in my band and sing to us and teach us so much about being a kid and we’re supposed to be the littles. It’s amazing, really, how he even helps you come up with routines to your favorite Disney Junior channel songs, finding a way to incorporate your Big love of dance with your little headspace. It— Its really something how he makes us being little normal.”Yoongi took a deep breath to steady his voice before it could waver any more. “Seriously, Jimin. You may not want Hoseok as your daddy and I’m not saying his past actions should be used as an excuse for his current ones, but thinking I’m better at being your daddy isn’t a bright idea and has literally no evidence to show that it is. After one hour with me as a daddy you’ll definitely realize that, kiddo.”A shuddering gasp blew across his neck and Yoongi swore he felt an almost imperceptible nod but he couldn’t be too sure. At least Jimin wasn’t crying any longer.“Also, Minnie, what…” Yoongi had his own fears connected to being Jimin’s only source of support. His immediate rejection of being Jimin’s caregiver only dealt with Hoseok’s superior experience only somewhat. “What if I… slipped into little space while taking care of you?” When Big, Yoongi could at least try to stumble his way through giving Jimin all the assistance and maintenance he needed but when he was Little? The little in Yoongi stirred, scared at how that would end for the both of them.That got a response out of Jimin. The little finally let go of Yoongi enough to pull his face back a few inches so that he could look into Yoongi’s vulnerable eyes. Just as he opened his mouth to speak there was the sound of a door creaking.Whipping both their heads around they spotted Hoseok, his face peering inside the bedroom through the crack in the door he’d made. His lips were swollen and abused, his nails digging into the skin of his palms as his chest heaved. The door opened up a smidgen more as Hoseok tentatively and silently asked for permission to enter the room.The first things Jimin noticed were his wet cheeks. The man on the floor was sniffling, pot long gone missing, apron too. Instead of a possible weapon, he gripped one of Jimin’s cat plushies to his chest as a shield. He looked nothing like the man who’d run out the kitchen after Jimin not even twenty minutes ago. Most notably, the look in Hoseok’s eye was different. They were red-rimmed, slightly downturned at the corners, and filled with so much self-loathing it stung to look at them.Jimin’s heart squeezed. He’d made his daddy cry.There was something like regret niggling at the lining of his stomach.“I’m sorry, Minnie,” Hoseok started from his place in the doorway when neither Yoongi nor Jimin indicated that he was welcome farther into the room. He sat on his heels, body too tense to even sit comfortably with both eyes trained on him. “Its just— Sometimes I feel stress, too.”Jimin wasn’t expecting to hear that. It made sense, maybe, that daddies could get overworked at some point but his Little mind was having a hard time wrapping around the idea. His daddy was supposed to be levelheaded and caring and loving and patient with his little. What did a Big thing like stress have to do with Hoseok hating Little Minnie?Yoongi snapped Jimin out of his befuddled musings. “Yeah,” Yoongi whispered, “that’s why we slip into little space. Being Big all the time, all day, every day, can drive you up the wall if you’re not careful.”Oh, Jimin thought, eyes widening a fraction, I see. Although Jimin was sure he wasn’t meant to hear that he was proud of his ears for catching it. He pursed his lips as Hoseok continued.“Can’t daddy have a bad day, too, sometimes? Does having a bad day once in a while make me a bad daddy, Minnie?” His voice was rising in pitch but the volume stayed low. It was a weird contrast that hurt Jimin’s ears a little. “If you really want I’ll—I’ll stop caring for you, let you find someone who’s better at this—at being a Daddy, a good caregiver—“ his eyes flicked over towards a stoic Yoongi before landing back on Jimin, “who doesn’t have issues that make him forget to be nice to his babies. I even cussed at you, Minnie, cussed! How—” His statement cut off on a sob but Hoseok didn’t dare move to even wipe the tears as they slowly welled in his eyes.Yoongi had told Jimin that Hoseok was actually a pretty good daddy; Hoseok was saying that he wasn’t. Both Hoseok and Jimin thought Yoongi should be Minnie’s caregiver but Yoongi refused. Jimin was previously under the assumption daddies were always at ease, calm, and relaxed but now he realized that being a daddy meant being Big and he knew well just how much anxiety came with being Big.Conflicted, Jimin looked at Yoongi, whining for help. He was met with an expression that said, This is on you. You have to decide on your own.“Minnie—“ Jimin’s tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth. He didn’t know what to do and his daddy—ex-daddy?—was waiting. Knowing he’d made his daddy cry and actually seeing him cry were two completely different things. Jimin closed his eyes to the pain thudding in his heart at the sight, his head beginning to buzz distractingly. He wanted to run away, to get out of that room, to drink his warmed milk, to find his paci, to hide under his blankey and chew on some pencils and rip up some paper and roll out some play-doh and slap handfuls of pink foam between his fingers and knock two blocks together and—he needed to think.
Facts.
Hoseok was stressed. His daddy was having a bad day. Jimin had been acting up because he, too, wasn’t satisfied, purposefully annoying his daddy. Jimin went into little space when he couldn’t handle being Big. His daddy… what? Jimin didn’t know what his daddy did as an outlet for his stress. It would be hypocritical of Jimin to shun someone for caving under pressure when he did it all the time; any chance he could get, to be honest. Jimin hid behind his headspace; a part of him, even Little, couldn’t deny that when the temptation struck he would dive right in, even for small things like avoiding chores and just as an easier way to fall asleep at night. And Hoseok… his daddy, the man who giggled when he realized Jimin had slipped into his headspace, welcomed the little into his arms even if he were busy with work or school, was grateful for the opportunity and constantly thanked Jimin when the little relied on him to care for him. Hoseok actually thanked Jimin for letting Hoseok be his daddy.Hoseok didn’t have a headspace to escape to when life got too hard, when taking care of two grown men who trusted him to forever be a parent figure first and their boyfriend second became a secret burden.Who was Jimin to judge when he himself struggled with expressing and containing his negative emotions. Yeah, Hoseok had lost it and yelled but… Having a bad day, it’s not that big a deal, right? As long as he wasn’t hurting anyone, that is…Gulping, he screamed, “No, daddy!”Hoseok jumped in his seat, a yelp bursting from his lips. “No?”“No, he can’t be your daddy?” Yoongi asked, just as disheartened and shocked as Hoseok.“No, daddy can’t leave Minnie!” clarified Jimin, eyes popping open and glaring. “Daddy mean, why would daddy ever leave Minnie! No, No!” It was a replay of earlier all over again, the feeling of déjà vu not evading Yoongi. This time there was the opposite effect. “I don’t want Yoonie to be my daddy, I want daddy to be Minnie’s daddy.”Jimin ran from Yoongi’s side and down to the floor, crashing into the barely-ready arms of Hoseok who wasn’t ready for a crying Jimin. Hoseok had expected more yelling (especially from Yoongi), even being downright ignored. He didn’t know how the mood changed so out of the blue.He scooped the crying boy into his arms and sat him on his lap, handing him the stuffed cat that he’d almost forgotten. “Shh, Minnie, its okay, but… what?” He glanced up as Yoongi joined them on the floor, pushing the door fully open to accommodate all of them.Yoongi’s hands went back to Jimin’s hair, twirling a lock around his knuckles. “Did you make your decision?”Nodding, Jimin unlatched an arm from around Hoseok’s neck and threw it around Yoongi’s instead, pulling him into a tight hug. “Minnie sorry. Da-Daddy sorry. Yoonie sorry!” Yoongi almost rebutted this, not sorry at all for his anger, but Jimin cut him off. “I wish daddy was a wittle, too! Daddy needs love a-and c-c-care, too.” He was starting to hiccup again and Hoseok was nearing tears yet again and Yoongi’s shirt was growing wet but he couldn’t help the tiny smile brushing his lips. At the sight of their crying Yoongi began rubbing a thumb over Hoseok’s knuckles and used his other hand to play with one of Jimin’s silver studs. He watched on, silently sending them strength to work this out.“I never want daddy to have a bad day never, ever again. Daddy scary when he stwessed! Minnie gonna make sure he’s always a good boy and daddy can’t be mad at him, right?”“Of course, Minnie, Minnie, my cinnamonie.” The daddy kissed Jimin on the apple of his cheek, his own tears running together with the little’s. “But it’s not all your fault. Daddy promises to work on ways to relieve his stress so he can have the bestest playtime with his baby. He’ll try to be more understanding, too, okay?” he kissed the other cheek, smiling when Jimin’s long eyelashes poked him. “But, Minnie, daddy wants you to know just how proud of you he is.”Jimin sat back some, confused. “Daddy pr— pa-pwoud of Minnie?”“Yup,” he rubbed a hand down the younger’s back, “for many reasons. Like, not letting daddy be mean to you, for starters. I try to stand up for my babies as often as I can but it makes me proud to know that you can stand up for yourself, too, and not let anyone mistreat you, even me.” Jimin blushed, hiding his face in Yoongi’s neck. “Also, most importantly, I’m proud of my cinnamonie for being understanding and forgiving. It takes a huge heart and great kindness to do what you did, baby. Thank you.” Even though he couldn’t see Jimin’s face he could still picture the shy smile he got whenever anyone praised him—in particular, one of his boyfriends.“And you, Yoonie—““I’m not little, Seok-ah.”“You, Yoonie,” Hoseok pressed on, ignoring his glowering boyfriend. “I’m proud of you.”“For not kicking your ass right on the spot? ‘Cause it can still be arranged.”Sniffing and giving a watery smile, he responded, “I believe you, and I am happy you decided not to but that’s not why I’m proud.” He wrapped an arm around Yoongi’s neck right along with Jimin’s, nearly choking the eldest. “I’m proud of how you handled the situation. You got Big immediately when Jimin needed you and calmed him down and talked it out with him. You— I wasn’t lying when I said there are people out there better suited for being a daddy than I.”Yoongi’s eyes fell to his lap, picking at the hem of his sleep shorts. “Yeah… if you say so.”That was good enough for Hoseok for now. He knew Yoongi had doubts of his ability to care for Jimin and that’s why he’d rather Hoseok be tasked with it but today was not the day to convince Yoongi just how wrong and misplaced his misgivings were.“I do say so, Yoonie, and I’m still proud.” He smacked his lips against Yoongi’s cheek. “So proud.” Another kiss. “My baby is such a wittle fighter, standing up for his boyfriend!” More kisses, this time to Yoongi’s forehead and between his brows. “My baby, so brave, so cute, standing up for Minnie. Wow, its so cute seeing you mad, Yoonie. You’re like an angry chicken; my chickpea, my chicken noodle boodle, my chicken potpie. Yum! I could just eat you up.”It was like a switch flipped in Yoongi’s head. His eyes grew rounder, lips less tense and more pouty and droopy; his whole body relaxed as the little in him took over.“Daddy?”“Yes, my sweet dumpling?”“Daddy!”Jimin giggled, shifting so his legs were draped over both his boyfriends, arms still holding them close. He looked at Yoongi before breaking into a blinding smile, eyes scrunching closed, tears giving way to mirth. “Yoonie is back!”“Minnie!” Yoongi surged forward, kissing Jimin on the mouth. Jimin squeaked before whipping his head over to Hoseok for his reaction.Hoseok smirked. “You guys kissed like big boys do. I guess Yoonie is your boyfriend now, huh, Minnie?”Jimin’s whole face turned pink and the flush ran down his neck. “Yoonie m-my boyfriend?”“I love you, Minnie,” Yoongi answered, clasping Jimin’s face between his palms before kissing him full on the lips again, this time longer. Jimin chuckled and wiggled in their laps, overwhelmed with happiness.“Daddy! Kiss me! I wanna kiss daddy like the big kids do! Kiss Yoonie! We gotta all be boyfriends now.”Hoseok didn’t point out that he’d kissed Jimin and Yoongi on the lips plenty of times while they were Little, and the even bigger fact that they’d all been dating for years now. If Jimin wanted to become “official” he’d gladly ask the two of them to be his over and over again.He kissed Jimin’s puckered, waiting lips then took a hand to turn Yoongi’s mouth towards him, the blonde trying to act coy but the look in his eyes saying otherwise. They tasted like candies and cookies and everything else sweet about having two babies to call his. “I love you, Yoonie. I love you, Minnie. Daddy loves his babies soooo much.” He emphasized this by squeezing them between his arms and shaking them from side to side. The giggles and shrieks in the air warmed his heart.He let go momentarily to stand before reaching down to pull them up with him. Jimin jumped up into his arms, repositioning himself to his place on Hoseok’s right hip, Yoongi following soon and sitting snugly against Hoseok’s left side. “Come, daddy can’t spend a second longer away from his boys. How about we skip the whole cooking step all together and order a pizza?”They started up a chorus of “pizza, pizza!” before Jimin stopped and asked, “Can Minnie get M&Ms on his pizza, daddy?”Hoseok started down the hall, trying to recall where’d he’d left his phone and if it were possible to have one of the littles dial the number for him seeing as his arms were full. “M&Ms?”“I want pineapple!” added Yoongi.“And strawberries!”“C-Can Yoonie have buh-breadsticks, daddy? With cheese?”“Cheese! Cheese! And brownies on the whole pizza!” Jimin went back to his toppings list, almost toppling them all over when he decided to throw his arms out in wide circles.“Yoonie wants ice cream, daddy! Strawberry ice cream to match Minnie’s strawberry pizza!”“Yum!”Laughing so hard he felt his stomach would cramp soon Hoseok shook his head. This pizza sounded pretty disgusting and he’d most likely have to order a personal pizza for himself at this point (and also stop at the store for ice cream) but he didn’t mind. If his littles wanted it, he would find a way to get it.“Daddy spoils you guys way too much.”That stopped the rambunctious movements on his hips that would surely strain them for dance practice tomorrow. The two grew quiet before Hoseok felt his heart drop. He froze in his tracks.Jimin pat the top of his head and said, “It’s okay, daddy. You spoil us but from now on we’re gonna spoil you too.”“Yeah,” Yoongi added, “Yoonie and Minnie gonna spoil daddy with so much love daddy’ll never hate us again.”“The first order of busy-ness is feeding daddy pizza! So his tummy will be filled with babies’ love! He’ll be our giant capsule, like our shirts.”

“Then Yoonie is gonna brush daddy’s hair till it sparkles like he does for Yoonie.”



“Hey, Minnie wanted to brush daddy’s hair! No fair!” He folded his arms and Hoseok started walking again, dread disappearing. He was gently reminded that littles never stayed upset for long. “I call dibs on kissing daddy to sleep, then.”



“No fair! No fair! I wanted to kiss daddy and Minnie goodnight!”



“Aw, Yoonie wanna kiss Minnie again, huh?” A greasy look overtook Jimin’s face and it was such a weird mix with his cute little features that it almost floored Hoseok. He could feel sweat beading on his neck. Wh-Where was his phone?



As the mild bickering continued over which one of- and how the littles would keep Hoseok from “having a bad Big daddy day,” and their agreement that daddy couldn’t cook them gravy for a whole month because of it, Hoseok stewed in relief. He couldn’t describe the feeling of Jimin choosing him to be his caregiver the first time, and then Yoongi a few months later, and this time was a very similar level of emotional. He felt the stitches in his heart mending together with each step he took with his boyfriends trying to out prove their love for him.



Little did they know, Hoseok would be the one showing the littles the most love and attention, from now until they didn’t need a caregiver any longer—



And for decades later, hopefully, as their husband.





Afterword


End Notes
T'is I, returning to snatch my place on the Yoonminseok Writers throne :)I realize I lowkey make Yoongi have some unresolved angst every time... oops.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



