



Too many keysmash - WhatTheGale - IT - Stephen King
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Too many keysmash
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/21049700.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Fandom:
IT - Stephen King
Relationship:
Eddie Kaspbrak/Richie Tozier, Ben Hanscom/Beverly Marsh, Maybe others idk yet - Relationship, Mike Hanlon & Eddie Kaspbrak
Character:
Eddie Kaspbrak, Richie Tozier, Ben Hanscom, Beverly Marsh, Mike Hanlon, Stanley Uris, Bill Denbrough, Greta Bowie
Additional Tags:
Texting, yet another one, Pining, Like a lot of pining man, Mike hanlon/greta bowie
Series:
Part 1 of
The Losers groupchat
Stats:

        Published: 2019-10-16
          Completed: 2020-01-22
          Chapters: 34/34
        Words: 53789
      

Too many keysmash
by WhatTheGale
Summary
Bill created the group Losers clubBill added Stan, Richie, Eddie, Beverly, Ben and Mike to Losers club(4:50 a.m.)Bill: okay does everyone promise to behave?Bill: and not unadd each other over stupid shit-----yet another losers groupchat
Notes
So i was bored and created thisidk how often i'll update but i have a few ideas so we'll see how far that gets me

          See the end of the work for more notes





it begins




Bill created the group Losers club

Bill added Stan, Richie, Eddie, Beverly, Ben and Mike to Losers club

 

(4:50 a.m.)
Bill: okay does everyone promise to behave?
 
Bill: and not unadd each other over stupid shit Richie: what even happened I was the first one out lmao Bill: well first, stan unadded you and when bev said to add him back stan also unadded her, eddie then unadded stan, unadded ben when he asked everyone to calm down and then unadded himself and then mike saw what happened and also unadded himself lol Richie: lmao wow Beverly: wow were so dramatic Beverly: also fuc you stan for unadding me Stan: I apologize. Beverly: I forgive you. Richie: these names are not doing it for me
Richie changed their name to Dickie toes
 Dickie toes: better Stan: Bill why did you remake this hell?
 

Bill changed their name to b-b-bill
b-b-bill: You know you love us stanny Stan: You thought wrong.
 

Beverly changed their name to red hawt
Rred hawt: Aw yeah red hawt: that’s better
 

dickie toes changed Stan’s name to Stan the man
 Stan the man: Yeah, okay. Eddie: this shit again Dickie toes: EDS Eddie: not my name Ben: not my name b-b-bill: not my name Eddie: what the fuckkk
Dickie toes changed Eddies name to Eds <3
 Eds <3: No.
Eds <3 changed their name to Eddie
 Dickie toes: no
Dickie toes changed Eddie’s name to spaghetti
 Spaghetti: sigh Red hawt: Mike and ben? You guys there?
 

Dickie toes changed Bens name to bench

Dickie toes changed Mikes name to micycle
 Dickie toes: ya snooze you lose Red hawt: asdfghjkkhf bench Dickie toes: yeah I know im a genius Micycle: SMH
 

 Richie (rich)>> Eddie (eds) 
 Rich: hey want me to come get u early? Rich: for starbucks Eds: Yes Eds: don’t park in front of the house ma might wake up if she hears ur truck Rich: okay b there soon
 

Losers club

(5:50 a.m.)
Bench: what??? Bench: also why are yall up so early?? Dickie toes: gotta get up early so I can fuck eds mom before school Stan: I can’t believe Eddie didn’t beep you. Dickie toes: he did it in person lol b-b-bill: where are you guys?? Spaghetti: starbucks, Richie bought me a pumpkin spice latte  Red hawt: you’re such a white gay Red hawt: also why was no one else invited?? Dickie toes: cause I only had enough money for me and eds Spaghetti: :P
 

(7:55 a.m.)
Stan the man: Richie and Eddie, where the fuck are you guys? Stan the man: You guys have literally been in town since 6, there no reason you should be late. Red hawt: they should be there soo I saw them run by my homeroom a few minutes ago Red hawt: Richie was yelling  fuck over and over
 

(7:59 a.m.)
 Stan the man: They both just ran in. They both look vaguely upset that they’re not gonna be able to sit next to each other like usual. They’re both pouting now. B-b-bill: lmao guess they should’ve been late Spaghetti: I’m not pouting. Also its ritchies fault, like usual. Spaghetti: he was doing a tiktok and kept having to retake it for “maximum funniness” Red hawt: lmao valid  Dickie toes: hey you should be nice to me I gave you a free ride and bought you two (2) coffees B-b-bill: Oh god I hate hyped up eddie I’m gonna be stuck with him by myself next period Spaghetti: shut the fuck up Spaghetti: I’m not that bad Stan the man: Yes you are. You act like Richie when you drink to much caffine.  Red hawt: omg I love thst eddie Spaghetti: WHAT Dickie toes: lmao I know that’s why I bought him another one Spaghetti: fuck you Dickie toes: maybe later were in history rn Stan the man: If you guys could only see that stages of emotion that just crossed Eddies face. Lol. Red hawt: asdfghgfdsdfghj also why does your lol sound threating Spaghetti: beep beep Richie 
Eddie (Kasbwak)>>Mike (Mooke)

(8:22 a.m.)
 Kasbwak: Mike. Mooke: Yes. Kasbwak: I literally cannot fuction im so gay Mooke: okay mean girls. But also I kno lol
 

Losers club

(9:13 a.m.)
 B-b-bill: Fuck you Richie. Dickie toes: ??? B-b-bill: Eddie will not shut up, hes poked me at least 10 times in the past few minutes Spaghetti: oi shut the fuck up  Red hawt: lmao yesss B-b-bill: you think its funny now but you have me next period 
(10:21 a.m.)
Red hawt: update eddiesleepingondesk.jpeg Red hawt: lol he crashed  Dickie toes: his small body couldn’t handle all the caffine lmao
 
 (12:35 p.m.)Bench: uh where is everyone? Bench: guys??? Red hawt: oh shit I forgot to tell youRed hawt: were eating outside today B-b-bill: we gave you one job Bench: BEV Red hawt: asfghhg Im sworry
 

Rich>>Eds

(1:23 p.m.)
Rich: you’ve serious never watched scream?? Eds: yep never seen any of them Rich: welp guess were watching them today then Rich: better be ready ill show up around 5, plz unlock ur window uwu Eds: do I get a say in this? Rich: nope Eds: sigh
 

Losers club

(2:37 p.m.)
Red hawt: ok something very odd just happened??? Red hawt: Im still reeling Dickie toes: what happened?? Bench: ?? Red hawt: So im in English which you all know I have w/ greta Red hawt: and fucking henry Dickie toes: AND?? Red hawt: im getting to it Red hawt: so im sitting there and henry made some joke about me being a slut Bench: what!! Red hawt: and I was ignoring him cause it gets old real fast  Red hawt: When greta of all ppl turns around and tells him to quote “shut his mullet having ass up” Spaghetti: ??? what greta being nice?? Spaghetti: idonttrustlikethat.jpeg Micycle: I agree that’s weird maybe she was just mad at henry B-b-bill: yeah but ive never seen her pass up an opportunity to make of bev before?? Red hawt: ikr its odd Stan the Man: I’m intrigued.
 

(3:22p.m.)
 Dickie the toes: what color should I paint my pinky? B-b-bill: which hand? Stan the man: Does that matter? B-b-bill: YES Dickie the toes: left B-b-bill: Green Dickie the toes: what shade “im sooo swamped” or “commander-in-chic” B-b-bill: Im sooo swamped obvs Dickie the toes: sorry that was stupid of me Stan the man: You guys are odd.  Red hawt: Don’t be a coward, paint them all Dickie toes: ok but only the left hand lol Red hawt: better
 

(4:50 p.m.)
Bench: ive been binge watching the voice auditions on youtube again   Bench: its addicting Micycle: if you watch one you have to watch 5 Dickie toes: that’s me with weird porn videos Stan the man: Can we please kick him out. Red hawt: hahaha remember that weird video that was a comp of guys jazzing on anime figurines Richie: YES Bench: yall watch porn together??? Red hawt: yeah? Its fun to do when were high Spaghetti: this doesn’t surprise me honestly Stan the man: That’s so fucking gross. Dickie toes: can’t 2 bros watch prn together without it being weird B-b-bill: no. B-b-bill: also I remember that video cause yall both sent it to me Red hawt: you’re the one who watched it
 

Rich>>Eds

(5:15 p.m.)
 Rich: im here
 

Rich: is ur window unlocked?
 Eds: yeah  Eds: be up in a minute finishing dinner rn Richie: ill slip into something more comfy ;0 Eds: u better be wearing clothes when I get up there or I will throw ur naked ass out the window Eds: I s2g Rich: ;^o Eds: >_> 
Losers club

(5:19 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: picofhimineddiesbed.jpeg Dickie toes: who dares me to get naked  Stan the man: Is this some kind of weird foreplay? B-b-bill: ^ ^ ^
 

Red hawt: me
 Dickie toes: whatcha got? Red hawt: four crumpled up dollars, 2 pennies, and a thing of peach lip balm Dickie toes: thinking emoji hmmm Bench: did he just type out an emoji? Micycle: I’ll give you a 20 Stan the man: Mike?? Dickie the toes: deal B) Spaghetti: I will never unlock my window again  Spaghetti: also really mike Dickie toes: Ill put my pants back on :( Red hawt: did u really take them off??? Stan the man: knowing him, yes he did. Bench: omggg
 

Kasbwak>>Mooke

(5:27 p.m.)
 Kasbwak: mike wtf man Kasbwak: my face is so red my moms worried I have a temp Mooke: sorry I couldn’t help it Mooke: besides isn’t that what you want Mooke: Richie naked on ur bed? Kasbwak: STOP
 

Loser club

(5:30 p.m.)
B-b-bill: y are you even at eddies? Dickie toes: to get naked obvs Red hawt: yeah Bill keep up B-b-bill: sorry Dickie toes: if eddie would ever HURRY TF UP Spaghetti: hes not here to get naked and im on my way hold youre gotdamn horses 
(2:43 a.m.)
Dickie toes: u kno how eds said he never watched the scream movies at lunch 2day Red hawt: still cannot believe tbh Dickie toes: so like the good friend I am I brought over all 4 2day for us to watch even tho we only got to the 2nd one but Spaghetti: dont. B-b-bill: owo Red hawt: wuts this Dickie toes: stop being furries B-b-bill: sorry plz continue Spaghetti: richie I s2g I will unadd you. Dickie toes: ok ok I wont say itSpaghetti: thank you Dickie toes: eds cried when Randy died on the 2 movie
 

Spaghetti unadded Dickie toes from the chat
 Spaghetti: try me again Red hawt: assffghhjk eddie whattg B-b-bill: he took a bullet for our entertainment Red hawt: not on my watch
 

Red hawt added Dickie toes to the  chat
Dickie toes- my hero
Spaghetti unadded Dickie toes from the chat
 
Spaghetti unadded Red hawt from the chat
 Spaghetti: do not mess with me B-b-bill: damn thats cold Spaghetti: perish.jpeg
Rich>>eds

(2:46)
 Rich: eds!!! Rich: I’m sorry I couldn’t help myself plz add me back Eds: nah also not my name Rich: EDWARD PLEASE Eds: I might add you back in the morning Eds: goodnight rich Trashmouth: EDDIE 
My light (Beverly)>> My love (Richie)

(2:52 a.m.)
 My love: he wont add me back My light: assffghhjk he unadded me too My love: on the topic of scream Billy and Stu were totally gay for each other My light: i fully agree with you My light: thats why stu agreed, he was in love with billy My love: EXACTKY eds thought I was crazy My love: but they had chemistry  
Losers club

(6:05 a.m.)
Stan the man: How do you guys function with no sleep? Stan the man: Also what the hell Eddie, Randy was annoying as fuck. Spaghetti: you better take that back. Bench: oh my god hahaha Bench: eddie thays low-key adorable Spaghetti: shut the fuck Spaghetti: he didnt deserve that Micycle: omg eddies savage Spaghetti: oh shit I should prob add them back huh Stan the man: I vote to only let Bev back in. Micycle: asfgh Stan 
Spaghetti added Dickie toes to the chat
 
Spaghetti added Red hawt to the chat
 Spaghetti: richie had a crush on the Paul bunyun statue when we were kids Dickie toes: EDS WHAT TGE FUC Stan the man: asdfghjhffdg Micycle: omg I think you broke Stan Dickie toes: I trusted you Spaghetti: paybacks a bitch Red hawt: omg i thought you only said that bc you were high Red hawt: Also fuck you eddie for kicking me out all night Spaghetti: sorry mom Dickie toes: kinky Bench: good morning bev! Red hawt: :) good morning!! B-b-bill: yall want to meet up at the diner for breakfast?
 
Red hawt: YES
 
Stan the man: I guess I can.
 
Bench: That sounds great! Dickie the toes: im in Spaghetti: Rich come get me I want some waffles
 
Micycle: omw now breakfast sounds great
 

 

 

 




Chapter 2
Chapter Notes
I know that bens birthday isn't right but lets pretend





Richie
 created a group and added Beverly, Eddie, Bill, Stan, and Mike 

 


Richie named the group Bens super secret birthday surprise

 


Richie changed his name to Dichard

 


(2:20 p.m.)

 

Dichard: so yall must be wondering why I brought you here 2day
 

Stan: No you made that clear with the group name. Which Ben's totally going to see any second now over my shoulder since were both library aides.
 

Dichard: fuck hol d on
 


Dichard renamed the group chat "my dick fell off"

 

Dichard: better
 

Stan the man: No.
 

Bill: Richie where are you? Cause you sure as hell are not where youre suppose to be
 

Eddie: he's bothering me in my study hall
 

 
 

Bill: what the fuck richard
 

Bill: ur gonna get in trouble
 

Eddie: ive already fussed at him he wont budge
 

Dichard: what its review day I already know how to do evrything
 

Dichard: I wanted to see my dear eds
 

Eddie: who is that cause it sure as he'll aint me.
 

Stan the man: Excuse me children, can we please focus on the main point of this chat. Does anyone have any ideas for Ben's birthday?
 

Eddie: uhhhh I'm not sure
 

Bill: me either, Ben would enjoy just about anything but... It needs to be something perfect
 

Beverly: yeah Ben only deserves the best!
 

Mike: I agree
 

Mike: Also hey everyone
 

Dichard: hey Mikey boy
 

Dichard: im also clueless
 

Dichard: maybe we sh Joe sishs
 

Beverly: ???? Did he die
 

Bill: they sniped him
 

Stan: he probably got caught
 

Eddie: yep, miss swift said " are you suppose to be here?" And he said " oh no this isnt the bathroom !" kissed the top of my head and bolted
 

Beverly: asdfghjgfs what did she do
 

Eddie: she looked at me, shook her head and walked away
 

Bill: wow richie got off lucky
 

Beverly: I bet youre face was red af
 

Dichard: that was close and yeah eddie looked like a tomato
 

Eddie: fuck you
 

Stan the man: figured, I saw richie hightale it by the library.
 

Dichard: yeah im hiding in the bathroom right down the hall lmao
 

Eddie: gross
 

Mike: i think I have an idea for Ben
 

Mike: we should take him to the zoo this weekend! He always loves looking at the animals at the farm so im sure he'd love it
 

Bill: mike youre a genius
 

Bill: absolutely brilliant
 

Beverly: that's a great idea!!
 

Eddie: see if youre mom would be okay with us using her minivan, rich
 

Dichard: I'll see tonight, at dinner
 

Stan: Wow Mike, that's a great idea.
 

Mike: yall gonna make me blush
 


Dichard changed Mike's name to The best

 

The best: °////°
 


Losers 
club

 


(2:45 p.m.)

 

Bench: wow ive never seen the group so quiet
 


My dick fell off

 

(2:46 p.m.)
 

Dichard: oh shit he's onto us
 

Bill: someone say something
 

Eddie: uhhhh
 


Losers club

 


(2:46 p.m.)

 

Dickie toes: im in the bathroom
 

Bench: o..kay
 


My dick fell off

 


(2:46 p.m.)

 

Beverly: asdfgh richie
 

Stan: smooth
 


Losers club

 


(2:47 p.m.)

 

Spaghetti: he ran away from miss swift cause he got caught in my study hall
 

Bench: haha wow
 

Red hawt: hey Ben!! 
 

Bench: hi!!
 

Stan the man: I wish it was always this quiet.
 


Rich-Eds

 


(2:50 p.m.) 

 

Rich: u still coming over for dinner?
 

Eds: yeah I told ma that I was going over bills for a project lmao
 

Rich: wow lying to your mom what a bad boy I'm swooning
 

Eds: shut
 

Eds: lets watch some ghost videos or somthn
 

Rich: bet
 


My dick fell off

 


(5:29 p.m.)

 

Dichard: my mom said yes
 

Dichard: Also shes comming with us and buying us lunch bc maggie is the best
 

Eddie: like seriously tho she looked so excited about the zoo I love her
 

The best: youre at richies?
 

Eddie: yeah we had taco soup
 

Bev: what?? I want some taco soup :(
 

Eddie: sucks to suck i guess
 

Dichard: asdg vs shgsh I'll bring you some tomorrow
 

Beverly: thanks babe
 

Bill: yes! Now we gotta make sure Ben doeant expect anything. Bev you better not say anything
 

Beverly: why woukd you assume I'm gonna blow it??
 

Dichard: you no y
 

Beverly: beep beep asshole
 

Stan: Lets just act normal and Ben will never expect anything. Hes oblivious.
 

Mike: haha true also we gotta buy gifts
 

Beverly: we should have a fake party at richies house early saturday where we give him our presants then we can get in the car to "go get ice cream" or something and just go to the zoo and then spend the night parting at richies
 

Bill: that sounds good to me
 

Dichard: mom said that was fine
 

Bill: we need to get decorations and a cake and snacks and shit
 

Beverly: I can do decorations
 

Stan: I can help with decorations and pitch in some money for snacks
 

Bill: I'll pick the snacks up for us anyone that can pitch in some cash would be great
 

Mike: y'all already know ive got the cake covered
 


Mooke-kasbrwak

 


(5:59 p.m.)

 

Kasbrwak: mike im so fukn gay
 


Mooke: 
oh wow I never wouldve guessed

 

Mooke: what did richie do now?
 

Kasbrwak: he feel asleep in my lap
 

Kasbrwak: like we were watching youtube vids and he laid his head down in my lap so I was petting his hair and now hes asleep and mumbling and drooling and shit and i should find it gross but its fucking adorable what the fuck
 

Mooke: wow you are gay
 

Kasbrwak: MIKE
 

Mooke: im sorry but on a list of problems thats not the worse one
 

Kasbrwak: yeah but ive had to pee for an hour now and I dont wanna get up bc hes cute
 

Mooke: hahaha omg
 

Kasbrwak: hold up imma send a pic to the group chat
 


The losers

 


(6:05 p.m.)

 

Spaghetti: cutepicofrichie.jpeg
 

Spaghetti: look at this shit
 

Micycle: OMG
 

Red hawt: that. Is. SO FUCKING PRECIOUS
 

B-b-bill: how tf did you get his insomiac ass to fall asleep 
 

Bench: awww
 

Stan the man: I have to admit, he does look cute.
 

Spaghetti: I pet him hes like a fucking cat I s2g
 

Spaghetti: but now ive got to piss but i 
 


dont want to disturb him

 

Red hawt: is there a bottle near by?
 

Spaghetti: yeah?
 

Red hawt: pee in that
 

Spaghetti: uh fuck no, his head is in my lap. So my dick woukd be by his head
 

Red hawt: asddfggg I didnt think about that
 

B-b-bill: hahahaha omg bev
 

Spaghetti: besides I gotta go home soon I told mom I was at bills and id be home before 7
 

Bench: :(
 

B-b-bill: youre welcome for covering for youre ass all the time btw
 

Spaghetti: yeah yeah thank you youre the one my mom still tolerates lol
 

Spaghetti: update I moved his head and put it in his pillow and he just whined and went back to sleep
 

Spaghetti: I dont wanna walk home alone but I dont want to wake him up :(
 

B-b-bill: hold up and I'll drop you off me and georgie went to get ice cream lol
 

Spaghetti: can you brong me some
 

Red hawt: brong
 

Bench: brong
 

Micycle: brong
 

Spaghetti: aasdfggh let me live
 

B-b-bill: yeah I'll brong you some, straw cone right?
 

Spaghetti: yes plz!!
 

Micycle: look at Bill being the best as always also tell georgie I said hey
 

Red hawt: tell him I love him
 

Bench: same im jealous that eddie gets to see him tbh
 

Spaghetti: :p
 


Kasbrwak-mooke

 


(6:15 p.m.)

 

Kasbrwak: so I took richies glasses off of him before I left and I of course leaned down to kiss the top of his head cause im gay as shit but wjmhen I went to leave maggie was standimg in the door way ahhhh
 

Mooke: hahaha omg what did you do???
 

Spaghetti: I started stammering and she laughed said " im glad he has you to look out for him" and told me to be careful on my way home
 

Mooke: wow smooth Eddie lmao
 

Spaghetti: I'm so embarrassed
 


Billy boy- Baby boy

 


(6:15 p.m.)

 

Billy boy: im here
 

Baby boy: omw
 


The losers club

 


(6:20 p.m.) 

 

Red hawt: why did I buy another fucking plant today I dont have anymore room
 

Red hawt: its name is chad bc its a cactus 
 

B-b-bill: why would that matter
 

Red hawt: bc its a prick lmao
 

Red hawt: richie wouldve understood I miss him :(
 

Stan the man: How many does that make now?
 

Red hawt: 10
 

Bench: damn
 

Red hawt: °0°
 

Red hawt: such fowl launguage
 

Micycle: ooo just because youre turning 18 soon dosnt excuse such bad words
 

Bench: assdfghf shut up
 

B-b-bill: that reminds me we're all meeting up at richies saturday morning
 

Stan: Subtle.
 

Micycle: hahaha
 

Bench: okay I'll be there
 


Baby boy- Billy boy

 


(6:23 p.m.)

 

Baby boy: thanks for the ride and ice cream big Bill
 

Billy boy: youre welcome Eddie, it was no trouble
 

Baby boy: :)
 

Billy boy: :¬)
 


The losers club

 


(5:24 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: I lost my pillow :(
 

Dickie toes: and yes im just waking up
 

Stan the man: I could tell, the chat was quiet all night.
 

Spaghetti: sorry rich 
 

Dikie toes: its alright but im totally gonna pay you to help me sleep now. You have magic fingers
 


Kasbwak>>Mooke

 


(5:28 a.m.)

 

Kasbrwak: god just him saying that has my face burning uppp 
 


Kasbrwak: I just wasn't to kiss him but I wont ever be able to

 

Kasbrwak: hes going to kill me Mike :(
 

Mooke: oh Eddie :( 
 

Mooke: wanna come with me today to get the stuff for bens cake and then help me cook it? 
 

Kasbrwak: yeah definitely 
 

Kasbrwak: can we also make your "cheer up" brownies?
 

Mooke: of course
 

Kasbrwak: you really are the best Mike
 

Mooke: your only saying that for my cooking lmao
 


Losers club

 


(7:20 a.m.)

 

B-b-bill: I hate this fukn school sometimes
 


B-b-bill: Mr bitchface just clled on me to read a paragraph knowing damn well I can't read fast and then one of henrys fuck face groupies goes "a- a- are you s- s- ure?" 

 

Stan the man: What the fuck. Im coming to youre classroom right now.
 

Dickie toes: that's bs and also I dont think stans kidding he just stood up and asked Mr Kennedy if he coukd use the bathroom
 

B-b-bill: asdffhjj stan NO
 

B-b-bill: im okay!
 

Stan the man: Alright, guess I wont bust into your class then. Look up though.
 

B-b-bill: aagdhdkdkakalaksjhs Stan go back to class
 

Red hawt: what did he do???
 

B-b-bill: I looked up and he was glaring into the room lmao
 

Eddie: he just walked back in lol stan was about to fuck some shit up
 

Bench: Stan can be very scary when we wants to be lol
 


(8:55 a.m.)

 

Spaghetti: fuckk were gonna actually exercise this morning who woukd schdule gym for this early
 

B-b-bill: noooo I havent made it there yet
 

B-b-bill: we shoukd just go in the changing rooms and not come back out
 

Stan the man: I told you guys since we were freshman to go ahead and take gym or you would be stuck taking it your last year but no, you two didnt want to do that.
 

Spaghetti: I cant she already saw me rip
 

Dickie toes: are you wearing youre short shorts?
 

Spaghetti: yeah? Its gym?
 

Dickie toes: interesting
 



My love>>my light


 


(9:00 a.m.)

 

My light: careful ur gay is showing
 

My love: lmao my bad
 

My love: *tucks gay back in*
 

My light: skksksks
 

My love: totally bout to spend my free period in the gym lol
 

My light: omg 
 


Losers club

 


(9:30 a.m.)

 

B-b-bill: richie why tf are you here??
 

Spaghetti: tf what?? Where
 

Dickie toes: picofeddieinshorts.jpeg
 

Dickie toes: hehehe
 

Spaghetti: WHAT THE FUCK
 

Red hawt: lmao rich stoop
 

Dickie toes: thats my new lockscreen B)
 

Micycle: of course thats where he is
 

Spaghetti: picofrichiedroolingalloverhimself.jpeg
 


That's okay cause this ones mine

 

Red hawt: aaddsad omg gross
 

Stan the man: I cant believe you let him stay in your lap while he was doing that.
 

Dickie the toes: anotherpicofeddie.jpeg look now hes mad hahahaha
 


Mooke>> Kasbrwak

 


(9:04 a.m.)

 

Mooke: lmao stan called u out
 

Kasbrwak: im gonna kill him
 

Kasbrwak: and feed him to yalls pigs
 

Mooke: asdfghjkk
 


Losers club

 


(9:06 a.m.)

 

Micycle: be careful eddies plotting murder eddietextscreenshot.jpeg 
 

B-b-bill: eddie sdss
 

Red hawt: that's a good way to hide a body lol 
 

Spaghetti: do u wanna die mike?
 

Micycle: gotta blast
 

B-b-bill: ok Jimmy neutron
 

Dickie toes: eds would never kill me 
 

Spaghetti: take one more photo of me and I will
 


Rich stop being gay grandpa (Stan), Queen (Beverly), dumbass (Richie)

 


( 9:10 a.m.)

 

Grandpa: Wow. Just wow.
 

Dumbass: he was in his shorts!! I cannot be held responsible for my actions
 

Queen: lmao rich ur so gay
 

Dumbass: i know ;(
 

Grandpa: Is that a sad winky face?
 

Dumbass: im sad but also flirty
 

Queen: lets smoke before next period m getting out of this class early, said I had a stomach ache lol
 

Dumbass: meet you outside
 

Grandpa: Don't forget to put a piece of paper in the door this time. I'm not comming to bail you out this time.
 

Dumbass: yes sir
 


Losers club

 


(10:02 a.m.)

 

Red hawt: y do ppl even call me a slut? Is it bc all of my friends are guys? I've only ever kissed 2 of yall
 

Micycle: wait who other than Bill have you kissed?
 

Red hawt: I kissed ben once in a game of truth or dare 
 


B-b-bill- aw Ben's face just got super red lol

 

Dickie toes: bev youve kissed 3 of us losers lol
 

Red hawt: what?
 

Red hawt: oh yeah!! I have
 

B-b-bill: ????????
 

Dickie toes: I cannot believe u forgot
 

Dickie toes: was i really that bad??
 

B-b-bill: u kissed trashmouth??
 

Red hawt: no
 

Micycle: im confused?
 

Red hawt: we made out once lol
 

Spaghetti: WHAT
 

Dickie toes: yepp
 

B-b-bill: I have so many questions
 

Stan the man: I cannot believe you two kept this a secret. How long ago was this?
 

Red hawt: last summer
 

Red hawt: we were smoking weed and were both sad so we kissed and then just didn't ... Stop?
 

Red hawt: im surprised you guys didn't see that huge hickey on my neck tbh
 

Dickie toes:


the only reason we stopped is cause bev knee'd me in the dick when she went to climb in my lap lma


o


Red hawt: omg maybe I am a slut 
 

Bench: no your not but also haahshswhat
 

Red hawt: thank you ben
 



Kasbrwak>>Mooke


 


(10:12 a.m.)

 

Kasbrwak: godiwishthatwereme.jpeg
 

Mooke: are you okay?
 

Kasbrwak: yeah it doesnt really bother me its Beverly, I just kinda wish that I could kiss him :(
 

Mooke: lmao eddie you poor poor gay
 


Losers club

 


(10:15 a.m.)

 

B-b-bill: that's 3/6, whos next bev?
 

Red hawt: BILL 
 

Kasbrwak: me obviously, hit me up bev 
 

Red hawt: akskdjdb eddie
 

Stan the man: You free tonight ;)
 

Red hawt: aksksjdbdkdkbdjdsk 
 

Dickie toes: wtf stan u fukn killed her
 

B-b-bill: in a seriousness tho, bev you are in no way a slut
 

Micycle: yeah bev youre in no way a slut and you dont deserve to hear that
 

Stan the man: They better not let me hear them.
 

Spaghetti: same I'll kick some ass
 

Dickie toes: no one talks about my wife like that
 

Bench: we've all got your back!
 

Red hawt: thank you guys I love y'all
 



Mooke>>Kasbrwak


 


(11:23 a.m.) 

 

Mooke: wanna blow off last period to go to Wal-Mart and pick up supplies
 

Kasbrwak: u know what yes I'd love too
 

Mooke: sweet meet me at my truck around 2:10
 

Kasbrwak: will do
 


Losers club

 


(11:55 a.m.)

 

B-b-bill: ughhh I wish it was lunch time already
 

B-b-bill: im so hungry
 

Dickie toes: hey so hungry, im dad
 

B-b-bill: daddy
 

Stan the man: beep beep Bill.
 

Bench: bill wtf
 

Red hawt: lmao billys being horny on main
 

B-b-bill: the only thing im horny for is food
 

Micycle: mood
 

Micycle: also we eating inside or outside today?
 

Stan the man: outside
 



Losers club


 


(2:12 p.m.)

 

Micycle: eddie where are you??
 

Micycle: oh didnt mean to message the group lol
 

Spaghetti: omw 
 

Dickie toes: where are u giys going??
 

Micycle: walmart
 

Dickie toes: wat 4?
 

Micycle: nothing really just wanted to skip
 

Bench: since when does Eddie just want to skip??
 


My dick fell off

 


(2:16 p.m.)

 

The best: were going for cake supplies lol
 

Dichard: oh shit whoops
 

Dichard: y is eds going tho I was gonna sneak back into study hall :(
 

Micycle: u snooze u lose bitch B)
 

Beverly: hahaha Mike
 

Bill: great. Now richies gonna pout all class
 

Dichard: am not.
 

Eddie: sorry rich
 

Eddie: we can hang out tomorrow
 

Dickie toes: B(
 


(4:30 p.m.)

 

Eddie: picofcake.jpeg
 

Eddie: getchu a man that can cook
 

The best:  don't act like you did that urself
 

bill: Wow that looks amazing
 

Dichard: bone apple the teeth
 

Beverly: you guys did amazing!
 


Beverly: all we have to do now is gifts, decor and gifts!! 

 

bill: and we only have tomorrow to do it! Cause it's gotta be ready early Saturday
 


Rich>>eds 

 

Rich: u still at Mike's?
 

Eds: nah im bout to head home soon
 

Rich: need a lift?
 

Eds: yes please
 

Rich: be there soon






















Chapter 3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Eds>>rich






(7:23 p.m.) 

 

Eds: thank u for the ride
 

Rich: ur welcome eds





My dick fell off






(6:20 a.m.)

 

Beverly: so my plan is to leave school early and go get decorations 
 

Dichard: I'll go with u
 

Dichard: we can leave after theatre 
 

Beverly: yesss
 

Stan: I can meet you guys at Richie's house after school.
 

Bill: I can run and go get the snacks sometime today after school
 

Eddie: ive got some money for the snacks bill
 

Stan: Yeah, i've also got some cash for you too.
 

Bill: good we should be able to get a good amount of snacks then
 


Losers club






(7:05 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: I had a dream last night that we were all in the woods looking for something
 

Dickie toes: and Stan turned to me and was like "were never gonna find him lets go home" and I started yelling
 

Dickie toes: "we came here to find bigfoot so were gonna find bigfoot so I can fuck him"
 

B-b-bill: u want to fuck bigfoot?
 

Dickie toes: uhh duh
 

Dickie toes: I kno wat they say about big feet ;p
 

Red hawt: I also would like to fuck bigfoot
 

Dickie toes: this is y I luv u
 

Dickie toes: I would share him w u
 

Red hawt: thank u ;)
 

Dickie toes: ur welcum ;))
 

B-b-bill: u guys wierd me out
 

Stan the man: This doesn't surprise me.
 

Bench: bev why
 


(11:05 a.m.)

 

Red hawt: rich im at ur car come on
 

Dickie toes: omw had to drop something off
 

Red hawt: ?? What did u drop off??
 

Dickie toes: a secret
 

Bench: I dont like the sound of that lol
 

Micycle: same
 

Dickie toes: >:¬]
 


(1:22 p.m.)

 

Spaghetti: RICHIE when the fuck did I put this in my book??
 

Spaghetti: handdrawnpicofrichieandbigfoot.jpeg
 

Dickie toes: I have my ways
 

Spaghetti: did u break into my locker
 

Dickie toes: its not breaking I know ur code lol
 

Spaghetti: wtf 
 

Red hawt: thats a masterpiece tho
 

B-b-bill: u gotta put it on ur fridge now
 

Micycle: assfgj its beautiful
 

Bench: u drew bigfoot really good
 

Dickie toes: thank y'all 
 


(2:45 p.m.)

 

Red hawt: rich almost got us kicked outta walmart
 

Stan the man: What did he do this time?
 

Red hawt: he climbed into the thing that holds those huge bouncy balls lmao look
 

Red hawt: richieclimbingintoballpit.vid
 

Spaghetti: adfhfgnkg that yelp
 

Dickie toes: fuk u guys that hurted
 

Stan the man: Serves you right.
 


My dick fell off






(3:29 p.m.)

 

Beverly: we got the stuf for decor
 

Dickie toes: yepp once everything gets put up it'll look great
 

Stan: I'll be there soon.
 

Bill: im gonna head out to pick snacks up today. I'll prob just keep them in my car til tomorrow
 

Eddie: I gotta stay at home today and spend time with ma or she wont let me go out tomorrow... Kill me please.
 

The best: :( im sorry Eddie
 

Eddie: its fine tomorrow will b worth it





Rich>>Eds






(7:54 p.m.)

 

Rich: eds open ur window
 

Eds: ???
 

Rich: im outside wanna see u
 

Eds: okay hold on


Losers club

 


(1: 23 a.m.)

 

Spaghetti: it happened again lol
 

Spaghetti: pictureofrichieasleepineddieslap2.jpeg
 

Red hawt: awwwww
 

B-b-bill: that's cute are u guys ant ur house?
 

Spaghetti: yeah he showed up at my window earlier
 

B-b-bill: wow 
 

Spaghetti: yeah and in the morning hes gonna sneak out and come pick me up for tomorrow lol
 

Red hawt: y'all are extra
 

B-b-bill: im glad hes sleeping in all honestly
 

Spaghetti: yeah he asked me to use my magic fingers and threw his head onto my lap
 

Spaghetti: but now im sleepy so im bout to get off here 
 

Spaghetti: goodnight everyone 
 

B-b-bill: goodnight
 

Red hawt: goodnight sweet dreams
 


Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

Mooke: so richies over huh ;)
 

Kasbrwak: shut
 

Mooke: sneaking him in and out lol
 

Kasbrwak: yeah ik but ma wouldnt have let him stay and I just really wanymted to see him tonight 
 

Mooke: thats gay
 

Kasbrwak: yeah ik
 

Kasbrwak: also thank you again for tge brownies, they were amazing
 

Mooke: youre welcome! 
 

Mooke: goodnight Eddie
 

Kasbrwak: goodnight :)





(8:45 a.m)

 

Dickie toes: good morning everyone!!
 

Stan the man: Wow i wasn't expecting to hear from any of you this early. Especially you of all people.
 

Dickie toes: had to wake up befor eds mom lol
 

Dickie toes: had to go get my car but them I'm gonna pick eds up and be back at my house if you want to come on over
 

Stan the man: Yeah I will be there.
 

Spaghetti: Im ready so hurry up 
 

Dickie toes: bossy ass
 

Red hawt: why tf is my phone going off this early???
 

Stan the man: You don't have it set to silent?
 

Red hawt: nope 
 

Stan the man: Then it's your own fault.
 

Red hawt: ;p
 

Red hawt: I gotta get a shower first but can anyone pick me up?
 

Micycle: yeah I can get you on the way, I'll be over after i feed the chickens 
 

Red hawt: thank u mikey!
 

Bench: what time do we all need to be there?
 

Dickie toes: by 10 also happy almost birthday!!!
 

Red hawt: BEN HAPPY ALMOST BIRTHDAY
 

Bench: thank you guys :)
 


Richie stop being gay

 


(8:55 a.m.)

 

Dumbass: this morning I woke up cuddleing eds chest and he had his arms wrapped around me
 

Dumbass: when i tried to get up he woukdnt let me 
 

Dumbass: I thought I was gonna spontaneously explode like that woman they covered on unsolved
 

Stan the man: You mean spontaneously combust?
 

Dickie toes: explode combust it doesnt fukn mtter rn he was cuddling me 
 

Queen: awww thats adorable 
 

Stan the man: Maybe you should tell him how you feel. 
 

Dickie toes: how about no
 

Queen: sigh
 

Dumbass: im picking him up now y'all hurry up and come over we still got work to do





My dick fell off






(9:12 a.m.)

 

Beverly: mikes the best he made cake AND brownies
 

The best: ah shucks
 

Eddie: ahem
 

The best: oh yeah eddie helped me
 

Dichard: we all know that all eddie did was talk and lick the bowl clean lmao
 

Eddie: shut the fuck up richie I helped ice it and shit
 

Bill: I'll be there soon 
 

The best: wow the decorations look amazing
 

Stan: Thank you.
 

Beverly: :)
 


(9:20 a.m.)

 

Bill: im here brought some coolers for the drinks 
 

Beverly: nicee
 

Spaghetti: wow everything is coming together so nicely
 

Bill: im so proud of us
 


Losers club






(9:38 a.m.)

 

Bench: im about 5 mins away now
 

Dickie toes: yesss now we can get tge party started
 


(9:45 a.m.)

 

Bench: wow this is great guys I can't believe y'all went through all this trouble!!
 

Micycle: ur welcome u deserve it
 

B-b-bill: I agree!! 
 

Red hawt: yes! Now come on and open these present before we go for your suprise 
 

Bench: u guys didnt have to do all this
 

Red hawt: stop. You deserve everything and more.
 


My dick fell off

 


(10:02 a.m.)

 

Dichard: do u think he has any idea where were going??
 

Beverly: I dont think he still looks confused 
 

Eddie: he prob wont guess until we park knowing him
 

Eddie: whats the gameplan for once we get in there?
 

Dichard: mags said we can do whatever as long as were back to the cafe by 3 for lunch
 

Bill: I think the best idea is to stay together I dont wanna get lost
 

Stan: Yeah, I agree with Bill.
 

Dichard: when dont you agree with bill
 

Bill: amd if we do split up to do so in groups
 
The best: omg were almost there!
Losers club
(1:45 p.m.) 
B-b-bill: shit where tf did richie and eddie go 
B-b-bill: everyone was suppose to get a turn on the cart. 
Red hawt: wow how did we loose a whole ass cart 
Stan the man: It's Richie and eddie, thats how. 
Bench: the last time I saw them they were driving as fast as they could down a steep hill 
Micycle: put down yalls phone and come look at this cool ass bird 
Stan the man: Coming! 
B-b-bill: catch up with y'all in a bit me and bev wanna go see the reptiles 
Dickie toes: we're not sure where we are rn lol 
Spaghetti: rich got us lost and is being to stubborn and wont let me drive us back 
Spaghetti: last animals we saw were the giraffes 
Dickie toes: I kno wgere wefte goubgssdt 
B-b-bill: ??? 
Spaghetti: I took his phone bc he's driving 
B-b-bill: ok as long as youre back in time to meet us at the cafe @3! 
Spaghetti: will do 
(2:23 p.m.) 
B-b-bill: what the shit now we cant find beverly either??  
B-b-bill: she literally went two steps away to buy a soda and fucking vanished 
B-b-bill: ?!?!?!? 
Stan the man: What? Where did she go? 
Bench: bev?? 
(2:45 p.m.)  
Dickie toes: dont worry
Dickie toes: we found her lol eds is driving us to the cafe now 
B-b-bill: where was she?? 
Dickie toes: we found her looking at the hippos lmao 
Red hawt: haha yeah yhose are some fat fucks 
Bench: ajsjsgs bev 
My dick fell off 
(3:58 p.m.) 
Dichard: I do declare that we succeed in tge mission of this group chat 
Losers club 
(12:00 a.m.) 
Red hawt: HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEN!! 
Dickie toes: birth. 
Micycle: happy birthday ben 
Spaghetti: happy 18th!! 
B-b-bill: merry birthmas 
Stan the man: Happy birthday Ben.
(8:52 a.m.) 
Bench: thank you guys so much for yesterday! I had to best time and im so happy to have friends like you guys 
Micycle: yiure welcome Ben im glad you had such a great time!! 
Stan the man: You're welcome. Yesterday was alot of fun. 
Bench: yes it was!! I looked seeing all the animals like that!! 
Stan the man: The birds were my favorite. 
Micycle: I coulda guessed that we had to drag you outta there 
(10:22 a.m.) 
Red hawt: ur so welcome ben what plans do u have today? 
Bench: mom wants to go out and eat later to celebrate just us but until then nothing much 
Bevvy >> Benny
(10:26 a.m.) 
Bevvy: mind if I come over for a bit? 
Benny: no I dont mind! 
Bevvy: okay be over soon then! 
Losers club
(10:30 a.m.) 
Spaghetti: richie where did u go? 
Dickie toes: sorry I was walking bev out, do u want anything to eat?? 
Spaghetti: no some coffee woukd be nice tho 
Dickie toes: ok spaghetti man 
Spaghetti: im gonna ignore that bc ur getting me coffee 
Dickie toes: is Bill still asleep? 
Spaghetti: yeah hes snoring in the corner lol 
Dickie toes: at least one of us gets to sleep in  
Richie stop being gay 
(3:46 p.m.) 
Queen: guys help I think ive got a crush 
Grandpa: You think? You either do or don't. 
Queen: okay. I have a crush. And i dont know what to do whatthefuckkkk 
Grandpa: It's okay, calm down. 
Queen: no u dont understand its on a loser amd u know how the last crush ended the group dynamic was messed up for at least 2 months freshman year after me and Bill broke up 
Stan the man: Who is it? 
Queen: who do u think 
Stan the man: Ben. 
Queen: you got it 
Dumbass: why is this a bad thing?? Ben has had a crush on u since the fist time he saw u just ask him out 
Queen: what if I mess everything up again? Like with Bill? 
Dumbass: Beverly u and bills breakup wasnt on u. You both decided it was the best decision.  
Queen: yeah but it was so awkward after. 
Grandpa: And look at us now, still as close as we ever were. No matter what we will always be here. I think you should go for it. 
Queen: okay I'm gonna think on it. Thnk u guys for calming me down



Chapter End Notes
The bigfoot dream thing actually happened to me once lolAlso richie at Wal-Mart: https://youtu.be/A6dGfKU0xSA


Chapter 4





Losers club

 


(8:44 a.m.)

 

Spaghetti: I just overheard mullet talking to one of his goons about how they cant call him on the phone cause "its gay to talk to guys on the phone" and lmao how sad
 

B-b-bill: asdggfsg what???
 

Stan the man: Thats so sad honestly. Like what a sad life.
 

Micycle: sorry bro I can't call 911 bc if a man pics up I'll be gay
 

Dickie toes: lmaooo wtf
 

Red hawt: I can't imagine living life like that what in the world
 

Bench: I love talking to you guys on the phone tho
 

Dickie toes: srry guys I will no longer be accepting ur calls at this time bc I am not a homosexual
 

Stan the man: lmao thats a damn lie
 

Dickie toes: ugotmethere.jpeg
 

Red hawt: skksksks 
 


(10:36 a.m.)

 

Red hawt: I cannot wait for Halloween to start only a few more days babey
 

Stan the man: You mean October?
 

Red hawt: nope halloween
 

Dickie toes: wtf u talkin about halloween started this month 
 

Red hawt: o shit u right
 

Stan the man: Whose house are we having our halloween party at this year?
 

Red hawt: mine! My aunts not going to be there so it'll just b us
 

B-b-bill: I wanna do a bonfire one night close to halloween this year
 

Red hawt: thats sounds amazing!
 

Micycle: theres suppose to be a full moon on the 13th we should do it then
 

Dickie toes: fuck yea
 

Spaghetti: that sounds like alotta fun 
 

Bench: we can roast marshmallows and tell ghost stories!
 



Kasbrwak>>Mooke


 


(2:23 p.m.) 

 

Kasbrwak: mind if I come over after school today?
 

Mooke: yeah I dont mind
 

Mooke: you doing okay?
 

Kasbrwak: i just don't wanna go home right now. Mom was trying to convince me to go to the er last night.
 

Mooke: you can stay as long as u need
 

Kasbrwak: thank you ive been going to richies after school all this week and I just feel like ive been over too much 
 

Mooke: im sure rich wouldnt agree with that lol
 

Kasbrwak: yeah I kno but I still feel like im imposing 
 

Kasbrwak: thank you Mike
 


Losers club

 


(2:44 p.m.)

 

Red hawt: ok so update on the wierd greta situation 
 

Red hawt: so ive been sitting in class and I keep feeling eyes on the back of my head but everytime I turned around no one was staring at me
 

Red hawt: but im slick so I got my phone out and opened the camera and caught greta staring at me. Like not glaring but almost looking nervous?
 

Stan the man: ??? Thats weird.
 

Bench: yeah that is weird
 

Red hawt: it kinda looks like she wants to say something... What if she corners me after class?
 

Dickie toes: richie tozier at ur service. Imma wait outside ur door hold on
 

Bench: arent u in class?
 

B-b-bill: no he skipped again
 

Spaghetti: he keeps peering through the door window at me 
 

Dickie toes: yepp gotta keep eyes on my eds
 

Red hawt: yea plz save me from the awkwardness 
 


(2:58 p.m.)

 

Dickie toes: im outside the door now pack ur bags up and be ready for a rescue
 

Red hawt: o...kay
 


(3:02 p.m.)

 

Red hawt: afsghsdjd guys as soon as the bell rung richie busted into the room picked me up and ran out of the room with me 
 

Red hawt: one girl screamed when the door swung open and tge teacher just yelled "tozier get outta here!"
 

Spaghetti: sksksksks im so happy when he acts crazy with ppl other than me
 

Dickie toes: just for that im gonna come get u tom from study hall
 

Spaghetti: plz dont
 

Micycle: plwase do
 

Spaghetti: Mike ur suppose to be on my side wtf
 

Micycle:


¯\_(ツ)_/


¯


Bench: lmao thats hilarious
 

B-b-bill: rich u cn come pick me up from class anytime
 

Dickie toes: youre the only real friend I have. U appriciate me.
 


Rich>>eds

 


(3:20 p.m.) 

 

Rich: do u need to come over again?
 

Eds: no I'm good today im going to Mike's today thank u tho
 

Rich: anytime 
 

Rich: like seriously anytime u need to come over u can
 

Eds: I know rich, thank u 
 


Losers club

 


(6:52 p.m.)

 

Dickie toes: why am I watching the lifetime movie channel rn??
 

Dickie toes: mags put on some movie about a killer teacher and that was at 3 
 

Dickie toes: another movie came on and we just kept watching
 

Bench: why??
 

Dickie toes: it's addicting 
 

Dickie toes: I wanna see if this woman can get away from her serial killer husband
 

Stan the man: That's why I never watch anything on that channel.
 

Dickie toes: oh shit he killed her neighbor
 

B-b-bill: oh my god my moms watching that movie rn 
 

B-b-bill: im in the kitchen helping georgie w his homework and ive been paying attention to it. Its not that bad lol
 

Bench: update im now watching it 
 

Stan the man: Enjoy your bad television.
 

B-b-bill: oh my god shes onto him 
 

Dickie toes: oh shit oh shit she figuring shit out
 

Bench: oh mygod no dont confront him! Thats how u get locked in basements
 

Stan the man: Y'all are losers.
 

Dickie toes: hey hey she got him 
 

B-b-bill: no that's too easy hes still alive
 

B-b-bill: ahhh look out!!
 

Bench: ohh a sexy cop just saved her and now there flirting lmao
 

Dickie toes: yeah he was on there earlier theyve been flirting all movie lmao
 

Dickie toes: oh shit another movies starting
 

B-b-bill: noo I don't wanna watch it but I can't stop myself
 


(2:02 a.m.)

 

Red hawt:


Wouldst thou like the taste of butter and pretty dress? Wouldst thou like to live deliciously


?


Dickie toes: ye
 


(2:22 a.m.)

 

B-b-bill: what????
 

Red hawt: y are u still awake??
 

B-b-bill: im still watching livetime movies but also what??
 

Red hawt: asdfgjkkhfdsa I Was quoting the vvitch
 

B-b-bill: oh okay imma try to get some sleep in a bit i think im going to curl up on the couch
 

Red hawt: good im about to sleep too im gonna be so fkn tired 
 


(5:45 a.m.)

 

Stan the man: This is why you guys are always feeling like shit in school.
 

Spaghetti: you guys need more sleep to properly function
 

B-b-bill: my back is killing me
 

Stan the man: It's because you slept on the couch.I know from experience that you're couch is very uncomfortable.
 

B-b-bill: yeah never doing that again 
 

B-b-bill: anyone want some coffee im gonna go get some after I drop georgie off at school
 

Spaghetti: me!
 

B-b-bill: okay but only one (1) cup
 

Spaghetti: thank u
 

Red hawt: can u get me that frappe I like, I can pay u back
 

B-b-bill: yeah I can and no need mom gave me some extra money this morning lol
 

Red hawt: thank you Bill!!
 

Micycle: Bill u should have never got invested in a lmn movie lol
 

B-b-bill: I blame richie.
 


(6:48 a.m.)

 

Spaghetti: RICHIE WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU???
 

Dickie toes: im omw b there in 1 m
 

Dickie toes: b outside
 


(6:58 a.m.)

 

Stan the man: You would think people would be used to Richie and Eddie running into class at the last minute but they still jump. 
 

Stan the man: Also they are pouting because once again they cannot sit next to each other.
 

Spaghetti: I am not pouting.
 

Spaghetti: I just really wanted my coffee :(
 

Red hawt: ive got it hold on and I'll bring it
 

Spaghetti: thank u!!
 

Dickie toes: lmao Mr. P looked so confused when bev walked it handed eds his drink and waljed right back out 
 

Dickie toes: when she walked in she said howdy and then said bowdy when she left asdfghh
 

Bench: bowdy lol
 

Spaghetti: thank you once again Beverly!!
 

Red hawt: ur welcome Eddie!!
 


(7:22 a.m.) 

 

Dickie toes: eds
 

Dickie toes: Eddie spaghetti
 

Dickie toes: spaghetti man
 

Dickie toes: light of my life
 

Dickie toes: dont make me throw something at u
 

Dickie toes: I just saw u look at ur phone
 

Stan the man: Richie stop throwing balled up paper at Eddie before you get in trouble again.
 

Dickie toes: B(
 

Spaghetti: what do u want richie
 

Dickie toes: I just wanted to tell u that u look really good today 10/10
 

Stan the man: lmao Eddie's face just lit up.
 

Spaghetti: shut the fuck up rich
 

Stan the man: Stop flirting and do you're work.
 

Spaghetti: ???
 

Dickie toes: sounds like ur jello stanny want me to pay attention to u instead?
 


Richie stop being gay

 


(7:30 a.m.)

 

Grandpa: Whoops, wrong chat but the point still stands. Also I see that ball of paper in you're hand and if you throw it I will kill you.
 

Dumbass: fine
 

Queen: lmaoo I wish I was in ther with yall my class is so boringggg
 

Grandpa: I'm glad you aren't, I couldn't take both of you this early. I already can barely stand having Eddie and Richie in here together.
 

Queen: dafagsjjddj stannn
 

Grandpa: Every day they bicker like a married couple.
 

Dumbass: B) u kno u luv us
 

Grandpa: Sadly.
 

Dumbass: omg he admitted his love, b still my heart
 

Queen: screenshotted
 

Grandpa: sigh
 


Losers club

 


(7:07 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: stan said he loved me
 

Red hawt: me too :p stanslovescreenshot.jpeg
 

Spaghetti: he sounds so resigned about it
 

Stan the man: Because I am.
 


Richie stop being gay

 


(9:32 a.m.)

 

Grandpa: Beverly could you be anymore obvious? If you haven't told us about you're crush I would've known after today.
 

Queen: UGGGHHHGH am I really being that bad? Ben isnt even really reacting
 

Dumbass: what is she doing
 

Grandpa: She's doing that flirty shit she does. But it keeps flying over Bens head because he's oblivious.
 

Queen: sigh 
 

Dumbass: ive already told u that ur gonna have to tell him point blank
 

Queen: I know im just trying to make sure hes still intrested in me...and I wanna talk to Bill before i actually talk to Ben about it 
 

Grandpa: Bill won't care. He just wants everyone to be happy.
 

Queen: I kno I just feel like its the right thing to do 
 

Queen: also when did this chat become about my relationship problems??
 

Dumbass: yeah we really arent sticking with the name lol
 


Grandpa changed
 the name of the group to Confess you're feelings dumbass

 

Grandpa: Okay now we are covered. Confess you're feelings.
 

Dumbass: no go back to focusing only on bev
 

Dumbass: she has a chance, eddie will never want to be with me im a fucking mess lol
 

Grandpa: Richie, you might be a mess but Eddie would be stupid to not want you.
 

Dumbass: wow stan ur soft this morning also thank u
 

Queen: I agree with Stan. Also I'm fairly sure eddie likes u too
 

Dumbass: come back when ur absolutely sure then
 

Queen: >:p
 


Losers club

 


(1:42 p.m.)

 

B-b-bill: anything wierd happening today in english bev?
 

Red hawt: not so far thankfully
 

Red hawt: greta hasnt done anything since that day richie carried me out lol
 

Spaghetti: he prob scared her away
 

Dickie toes: ive been told I can be too much
 

B-b-bill: im glad nothing else has happened
 

Red hawt: yeah ikr
 

Bench: ew I just found a pb nd j sandwhich between some books in the library
 

Bench: whats wrong with this school??
 

Micycle: asdfghjkk what???
 

Bench: gross now I have jelly all over me :(
 

Stan the man: He's not joking, there's jelly all over him.
 


Dickie toes changed bench's name to jelly boy

 

Jelly boy: thanks so much for that
 

Dickie toes: ur welcome B)
 

B-b-bill: shshshsh omg jelly boy
 

Red hawt: oh wow I can't believe we all kept the same names for a week that has to be a record
 

Dickie toes: I can't think of a better name than this one lol
 



Micycle changed their name to Mikey


 

Mikey: thats so much better
 

Dickie toes: why does noone appriciate my nick names?
 

Spaghetti: cause they fucking suck.
 

Jelly boy: oof Eddie
 

Dickie toes: mmm whatcha sayyy
 

Mikey: pffff
 


Dickie toes changed spaghetti's name to chiwawa

 

Stan the man: Did you mean chihuahua?
 

Dickie toes: isaidwhatisaid.gif
 

Chiwawa: why
 

Dickie toes: cause ur little and angry
 


Chiwawa changed their name to Ed-boy

 

Ed-boy: fuck u
 

B-b-bill: lifehasmanydoorsed-boy.jpeg
 

Mikey: hahahaah omg
 


Losers club



(5:58 p.m.)

 

Ed-boy: richie if you listen to that icp song one more time 
 

Ed-boy: I.
 

Ed-boy: will.
 

Ed-boy: kill.
 

Ed-boy: you.
 

Dickie toes: but 'tis the season
 

Stan the man: Seriously richie?
 

Dickie toes: don't judge me Stanley its one song
 

B-b-bill: youre listening to boogie woogie wu again??
 

Ed-boy: yes. And if he sends me one more snap of hos singing along im gonna kick his ass.
 

Jelly boy: I'm glad im not the only one getting those
 

Red hawt: come on guys that's a jam
 

Dickie toes: thank you beverly
 

Red hawt: ur welcome honey bun 
 



Chapter 5
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 


(12:01 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: happy first day of halloween bitches
 

Dickie toes: time to fuck some mfing pumpkins
 

Red hawt: yesssss 
 


Red hawt changed their name to candy corn

 

Dickie toes: y?
 

Candy corn: candy name
 

B-b-bill: i... Wasnt ur last one a candy name
 

Candy corn: asdghhtf omg i forgot oops
 

Dickie toes: skksksks bev
 

Dickie toes: you forgot Red hot was a candy
 

B-b-bill: lmaooo
 

Stan the man: I'm this fucking close to kicking all three of you out of this chat. Can you please shut the fuck up.
 

B-b-bill: sorry stan
 



Insomiacs anonymous


 


(12:13 a.m.)

 

B-b-bitch: we havent had to use this chat for a while lol
 

Trashmouth: its always stan gettting pissed at us
 

Trashmouth: I can't help that im allerigic to sleep
 


Red changed the group's name to Stans being a bitch again

 

Red: its why the group was created in the first place lol
 

Red: whats got u guys up tonight?
 

Trashmouth: brain wont shut up
 

B-b-bitch: well it is ur brain 
 

Red: tru
 

B-b-bitch: Idk why I can't sleep. I just toss and turn when I try to lay down. My bodys turned against me
 

Trashmouth: I get you, what about you bev
 

Red: my nightmares have been happening again.
 

Trashmouth: fuck bev im so sorry
 

Trashmouth: y didnt u say something
 

Red: its ok, im dealing. Even if dealing means only sleeping a few hours a night lol  
 

B-b-bitch: do you wanna talk about it?
 

Red: yeah if thats okay?
 

B-b-bitch: yeah its okay
 

Trashmouth: were here for you
 

Red: at the beginning ill be in my bathroom and I just know dads on the other side of that door like he always was
 

Red: so I'll climb into the tub but all of the sudden theres blood coming from the drain and its filling up faster and faster
 

Red: I get out but the blood overflows the tub and starts filling up the bathroom. Then blood will start coming from everywhere and my dad will start screaming my name
 

Red: and then I have to choose rather to stay and drown or open the door. 
 

B-b-bitch: God I'm sorry that sounds horrible. Im so glad you got out of that situation. 
 

Red: yea its not great. It helps to know im safe now but after one of those dreams its really hard to go back to sleep yknow 
 

Trashmouth: do you want me to come over? ive got my pipe?
 

Red: yes please
 

B-b-bitch: mayhaps I join?
 

Trashmouth: helll yes need a lift?
 

B-b-bitch: yes
 

Red: I'll unlock the back door be quiet when u come in my aunts asleep
 


(2:44 a.m.)

 

Red: thank you guys so much for coming over, it really helped imma try to sleep now
 

B-b-bitch: youre welcome Beverly
 

Trashmouth: anytime sugar
 


(6:45 a.m.)

 

B-b-bitch: I now realize y we stopped using this chat
 

B-b-bitch: to stop us from making bad decisions. Im so fkn tired.
 

Trashmouth: kill me
 


Losers club

 


(7:25 a.m.)

 

Stan the man: Sorry for my words last night. They were true but also rude.
 

Jelly boy: asdfghh stab
 

Jelly boy: *Stan
 

Mikey: lmaooo stab
 

Ed-boy: stab
 


Ed-boy changed Stan the man's name to Stab

 

Stab: That's great.
 

B-b-bill: asdfghjkk and also its ok stan but also don't u have ur phone on silent
 

Stab: Usually yes, I forgot last night. Which I know is my fault.
 

Dickie toes: it is
 

Ed-boy: rich looks like a hobo this morning 
 

Dickie toes: was insulying me in person not enough??
 

B-b-bill: lol did u sleep in ur truck last night
 

Dickie toes: yes
 

Ed-boy: his hair is crazy lol
 

Ed-boy: hoborich.jpeg
 

Jelly boy: asksksk u look like you've been throu a tornado
 

Dickie toes: this is biphobia
 

Stab: Why did you sleep in you're truck?
 

Dickie toes: booty call of course
 

B-b-bill: dont call me and bev a booty call.
 

Dickie toes: BP
 

Mikey: what were yall doing?
 

Dickie toes: 3some
 

B-b-bill: smoking, couldnt sleep
 

B-b-bill: RIChie
 

Jelly boy: where is bev? Usually shes texted by now
 

B-b-bill: im not sure maybe shes running late? We stayed up until almost 3
 


(9:47 a.m.)

 

B-b-bill: welp she definitely ditched and honestly I wish i coulda done the same im so tired
 

Dickie toes: same im kinda thinking of leaving early tbh
 

Ed-boy: wait u said we could get smoothies after school
 

Dickie toes: we still can I'll come back and pick u up eddie spaghetti <3
 

Ed-boy: just don't get caught please
 

Dickie toes: I won't promise
 


Confess your feelings dumbass

 


(9:52 a.m.)

 

Grandpa: Gay.
 

Dumbass: shut the fuck
 

Dumbass: he looks so cute today in that sweater i am dying
 

Grandpa: I don't know why you won't just tell him, you guys are basically already dating. I mean you're going to get smoothies together after school.
 

Dumbass: yeah as bros
 

Grandpa: Why do I even bother?
 


Ben>>Mike

 


(10:02 a.m.)

 

Ben: have you noticed Beverly acting wierd recently?
 

Mike: no? Like how?
 

Ben: idk shes just been different with me recently ever since we hung out on my birthday
 

Mike: huh did anything out of the ordinary happen?
 

Ben: no not that I could tell
 

Mike: im sure its nothing then maybe shes feeling bad or something
 

Ben: yeah maybe
 


Losers club

 


(10:12 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: I am a free man
 

Dickie toes: imma take a nap real quick
 

Ed-boy: u better set an alarm
 

Dickie toes: okay
 

B-b-bill: God i wish that were me
 

Jelly boy: why don't you leave?
 

B-b-bill: I gotta test next class and unlike rich I need to pay attention in class
 


(1:26 p.m.)

 

Candy corn: good morning!
 

Jelly boy: hey bev! did you sleep well?
 

Candy corn: I actually did!! I havent slept this long in a few weeks lol
 

B-b-bill: I'm glad you were able to sleep bev
 

Candy corn: im sorry you didnt get to bill, you must be exaughted
 

B-b-bill: its fine I'll sleep when i get home lol
 


Loser club

 


(3:18 p.m.)

 

Ed-boy: Richie :(
 

Mikey: is he still not here?
 

Stab: No. I offered him a ride and he just pouted at me. 
 

Candy corn: imma call him until he answers
 


(3:20 p.m.)

 

Dickie toes: ok o k leavi g now
 

Stab: Now he's smiling.
 

Ed-boy: stopsnitchinmotherfucker.jpeg
 

Jelly boy: awwww
 

Ed-boy: I will kick you.
 

Jelly boy: :(
 

Mikey: you made him frown wtf Eddie
 

Candy corn: how dare you
 

Ed-boy: I'm sorry Ben I won't kick you
 

Jelly boy: :)
 

Candy corn: the world is back in order
 

Candy corn: also richie I agree with Stan
 

Stab: Thank you.
 

Ed-boy: about what?
 

Dickie toes: shup ut Beverly
 

B-b-bill: shup ut
 

Dickie toes: u 2 Billy
 

Ed-boy: stop texting and driving bitch
 


Confess your feeling dumbass

 


(3:30)

 

Dumbass: stop saying stuff like that in the main it looks suspicious
 

Grandpa: No offense but Eddie's as oblivious as Ben.
 

Queen: tru
 

Dumbass: hey I take offense on eds behalf
 


Losers club

 


(7:28 p.m.)

 

B-b-bill: okay everyone whos house are we doing losers night at this week? Dad said that we can't have it here this time.
 

Ed-boy: welp we know it won't be at mine lol
 

Candy corn: my aunt said no too
 

Jelly boy: mom said we can have in at mine
 

B-b-bill: that's good!
 

Candy corn: yay!
 

B-b-bill: let's pick out some scary movies this week 
 

Candy corn: fuck yes
 

Ed-boy: im bringing beetlejuice
 

Jelly boy: yesss I love that movie
 

Mikey: me too 
 

Dickie toes: I'm bringing some actual scary ones bwahaga
 

Jelly boy: nothing to scary please
 

Candy corn: don't worry ben I'll hold youre hand and keep you safe uwu
 

Jelly boy: thank you Beverly
 


Confess your feelings dumbass

 


(7:32 p.m.)

 

Dumbass: ahhh beverly
 

Queen: I KNOW
 

Dumbass: that was smooth let me try
 


Losers club

 


(7:35 p.m.)

 

Dickie toes: I can keep u safe eds
 

Ed-boy: what could u do ya twig
 

B-b-bill: adahdkdisuwgsjjvdd eddie
 

Dickie toes: ouch
 


Confess your feeling dumbass

 


(7:38 p.m.)

 

Queen: asdfghjkk rip
 

Dumbass: B(
 

Grandpa: That's rough.
 

Dumbass: stan! 
 

Grandpa: Yes Rich?
 

Dumbass: im just happy your here :)
 

Grandpa: Oh? Why?
 

Dumbass: I missed u
 

Grandpa: I just saw you at school.
 

Dumbass: I kno
 

Queen: skskssksk
 


Ben>>Mike 

 


(7:44 p.m.)

 

Ben: see what I'm talking about
 

Mike: is tHt what she's been doing? Cause it looks like flirting to me
 

Ben: no its not flirting richie said the same thing to Eddie
 

Mike: yeah exactly, flirting.
 

Ben: ???
 

Mike: sigh
 

Ben: theres no way someone like bev woukd flirt with someone like me
 

Mike: Ben. Dont think like that, youre a catch dude. 
 

Ben: thank you but it has to be something else
 

Mike: whatever you say 
 

Mike: still looks like flirting tho
 


Losers club

 


(7:50 p.m.)

 

Stab: Wow Eddie. All he wanted to do was help, you didn't have to do that to him.
 

B-b-bill: omg stan
 

Ed-boy: wha??
 

Stab: He was being nice to you and you just shut him down. Im very dissapointed.
 

Jelly boy: oh shit Stan got out his dad voice
 

Ed-boy: Okay okay I'm guilted youre right im sorry richie 
 

Dickie toes: its too late my heart is already broke
 

Ed-boy: oh come on
 

Dickie toes: nope my feeling are still hurt
 


Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 


(8:02 p.m.)

 

Mooke: nice flirting
 

Kasbrwak: shut
 

Mooke: you gotta try harder, be sweeter lmao
 

Kasbrwak: you told me to never change myself for anyone
 

Mooke: true 
 

Mooke: you could stand to be a little nicer
 

Kasbrwak: I'll try
 


Losers club

 


(8:05 p.m.)

 

Ed-boy: I'll hold ur hand
 

Dickie toes: I'll forgive u
 

Dickie toes: but im gonna hold u too it
 


Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 


(8:10 p.m.)

 

Mooke: thats better lmao
 

Kasbrwak: my face is so red u kno hes gonna make a point to hold my hand all night
 

Mooke: you know that ur gonna love it
 


Bev>>Billy

 


(8:33 p.m.)

 

Bev: hey can I talk to you for a minute?
 

Billy: yeah what's up?
 

Bev: well I know there's no romantic feelings between us anymore. Right?
 

Billy: yeah, why?
 

Bev: well there's someone ive had a bit of a crush on but I wanted to talk to you about it before I made a move
 

Billy: oh? Why we've both dated other people since then so why now?
 

Bev: bc theyre one of our friends
 

Billy: oh
 

Billy: is it richie???
 

Bev: asdfddgg no its not
 

Bev: its Ben actually
 

Bev: do you think that would be okay? I don t want anything to be awkward. Those few months of freshman year were so hard.
 

Billy: its fine bev. If it'll make you happy you should take the chance. I mean it might have been awkward after everything but i dont regret it.
 

Billy: and look at us. Were still friends. Even if you guys dont work out i have no doubt you guys will still be friends as well. 
 

Billy: but between you and me, I think you and ben will work out. You guys work well together.
 

Bev: thank you Bill. You always know what to say.
 

Billy: youre welcome bev go get him
 

Bev: asdfg I'm gonna try
 


Confess your feeling dumbass

 


(9:02 p.m.)

 

Queen: just to let yall know im planning on telling Ben on losers night
 

Dumbass: what?? Really??
 

Queen: yeah i had a talk with Bill 
 

Queen: which by the way when I said i liked a loser his immediate response was richie
 

Dumbass: assjdjdhsjaksjhsja
 

Grandpa: What? Is Bill stupid, it's obvious who both of you dumbasses like.
 


Stans being a bitch again

 


(9:23 p.m.)

 

Trashmouth: really Billy you thought bev liked ME
 

B-b-bitch: well y'all are always together it was a honest mistake
 

Trashmouth: dude what
 

Red: richie agshsj
 

B-b-bitch: shut up
 


Bevvy>>Benny

 


(9:45 p.m.) 

 

Bevvy: hey do you mind if I come over early tomorrow? I need to talk to you.
 

Benny: yeah of course its okay, is everything alright?
 

Bevvy: yeah everything's ok I just needed to talk to you lol its nothing bad i swear
 

Benny: oh okay then
 


Confess your feelings dumbass

 


(10:17 p.m.)

 

Queen: textscreenshot.jpeg
 

Queen: wish me luck lol
 



Chapter End Notes
Ohhh actual plot?? I can't believe it
Fun fact: I wrote most of this on my work break


Chapter 6
Chapter Notes
Ahhh thank you all for the kudos and comments, they make me smile!!!





Confess your feeling dumbass

 

(10:22 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: !!!!!
 
Dumbass: itshappening.gif
 
Grandpa: Good luck Bev. Though in all honesty you won't need it cause Ben obviously likes you too.
 
Queen: im still nervous
 
Dumbass: ur going to do great bev. I just know it
 
Dumbass: ive always thought you and ben woukd make a grt couple
 
Queen: thank you rich
 
Grandpa: You two are going to be one of those obnoxiously in love couples, I can already sense it.
 
Queen: asfgjkkl I hope so
 

Ben>>Mike

 

(10:26 p.m.)

 
Ben: uh???? 
 
Ben: bevstextsscreenshot.jpeg
 
Mike: oh??? Whats this??
 
Mike: That looks promising
 
Ben: what do I do?? I'm panicing over here what coukd she want
 
Mike: I don't want to speculate but.. Maybe she wants to talk about the way shes been acting recently and why
 
Ben: I figured but I...
 
Ben: I dont want to get my hopes up over nothing.. Ive been basically in love with her since we became friends you know
 
Mike: yeah I know ben, and I understand why you dont want to get your hopes up
 
Mike: I have a good feeling about this tho
 
Ben: thank you Mike
 

Losers club

 

(11:43 p.m.)

 
B-b-bill: I just retook the pottermore test and it had the audacity to say I was a hufflepuff what the fuck.
 
Mikey: dont listen to it Bill, you're a textbook gryffindor 
 
Jelly boy: whats wrong with being hufflepuff :(
 
B-b-bill: uh its hufflepuff
 
Mikey: nothing wrong with hufflepuff ben
 
Dickie toes: who gives a ship about hp anymore its 2019?
 
B-b-bill: have I lost my leadership and my bravery?? Am I a hufflepuff now? :(
 
Candy corn: no Bill your the same as always just retake it again
 
B-b-bill: okay I will
 

(11:52 p.m.)

 
B-b-bill: false alarm
 
B-b-bill: ive reclaimed my gryffindor title
 
Dickie toes: once again its 2019 bill
 
B-b-bill: I caught you the other day watching twilight, who are you to judge?
 
Dickie toes: HEEYY you said you wouldnt say anythinhg
 
B-b-bill: whoops 
 

(8:23 a.m.)

 
Ed-boy: sksksks richie
 
Mikey: good morning Eddie!
 
Ed-boy: good morning Mike!! How are the chickens??
 
Mikey: theyre doing good lol wasnt expecting to see you up this early
 
Ed-boy: ma woke me up earlier and I couldnt go back to sleep 
 
Stab: That sucks. 
 
Mikey: hey stan!!
 
Stab: It's better to get up early anyway. You can make more out of you're day.
 
Ed-boy: not when it's Saturday.
 

(9:52 a.m.)

 
B-b-bill: that sucks why did she wake u up eddie?
 
Ed-boy: being crazy as usual 
 
Ed-boy: told me that i needed to stay home tonight bc "its flu season"
 
Stab: Your mom always thinks it's flu season.
 
B-b-bill: didnt u already get ur shot?
 
Ed-boy: yeah but shes still paranoid I told her I was still going so shell prob guilt me all day 
 
B-b-bill: want me to come over? 
 
Ed-boy: actually can i come over there?
 
B-b-bill: yeah I'll come get you 
 
Ed-boy: thank u
 

(10:34 a.m.)

 
Candy corn: good morning everyone
 
Stab: Morning? More like afternoon.
 
Candy corn: okay good afternoon everyone but Stan
 
Stab: That's fair.
 
Jelly boy: good afternoon!
 
Mikey: heyy bev!
 
Mikey: what time is everyone meeting up?
 
Jelly boy: give me until around 1 to finish cleaning and setting things up
 
Mikey: okay so 1-1:30 then?
 
Jelly boy: yeah thats good
 
Stab: I'll be there.
 

Bevvy>>Benny

 

(10:44 a.m.)

 
Bevvy: mind if I show up around 11:30?
 
Benny: sounds good to me!
 
Bevvy: ok I'll see you then
 
Benny: yepp I'll see you too
 

Confess your feelings dumbass

 

(11:10 a.m.)

 
Queen: UGH I'm suppose to meet ben in 20 minutes and I'm freaking out!! I can't even pick out an outfit wtf??
 
Grandpa: Breathe Beverly. You're fine, it's just Ben. Wear what you always wear to losers night.
 
Queen: but I always wear sweatpants and a loose tee?
 
Grandpa: Exactly. You don't need to dress up. Just do what you usually do, It will be fine.
 
Queen: okay. But im wearing a cute pair
 

Losers club

 

(12:27 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: need me to come calm your mom down eds?
 
Dickie toes: better to do it when ur not home so we can be as loud as we want ;)
 
Ed-boy: beep beep asswipe
 
Dickie toes: ok ok but in all serious are u okay?
 
Ed-boy: yes im fine me Bill and georgie have been playing Mario party lol
 
Dickie toes: WHAT I want to playy
 
Ed-boy: too bad :p
 
Mikey: what character did you use?
 
Ed-boy: Daisy of course
 
Mikey: did you win?
 
B-b-bill: what do i think he barely got 1 star lol
 
B-b-bill: georgie won by a landslide lol
 
Dickie toes: leave himm alone he can't help that hes bad a mario party
 
Ed-boy: I couldnt even be mad at him bc it was georgie
 
B-b-bill: didnt stop him from kicking me tho
 
Dickie toes: can u PLEASE bring the switch??
 
B-b-bill: yeah ill bring it
 
B-b-bill: I get to be yoshi tho
 
Dickie toes: no prob u know im always the best chrcter, waluigi
 

Confess your feeling dumbass

 

(12:32 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: any updates bev??
 
Grandpa: I was wondering when you would wake up.
 
Queen: !!!!!!
 
Queen: ive got a date tomorrow!!!!
 
Dumbass: YAAY way to go bev!!
 
Grandpa: I told you it would go okay.
 
Queen: yeah i know. Im so glad too 
 
Dumbass: howd it all go down?
 
Queen: well we were both being really awkward and quiet for a good while until I randomly blurted out that i have a crush on him and woukd like to go out on a date
 
Grandpa: Blunt and straight to the point as usual.
 
Queen: then he said "same" and we both stared at each other in silence for a few seconds before cracking up. 
 
Queen: We're going to go get lunch tomorrow and as for now were watching stupid youtube videos 
 
Dickie toes: im so glad it worked out bev!! You derserve something good
 
Stab: One dumbass down, one to go.
 
Queen: asddfgjjkgdaaa sta n
 
Dumbass: >B¬[
 

Ben>>Mike

 

(12:47 p.m.)

 
Ben: ive got a date tomorrow!!!
 
Mike: yes!! Im guessing with our dear Beverly?
 
Ben: yes! I still can't believe it!!
 
Mike: im so happy for you!
 

Losers club

 

(1:02 p.m.)

 
B-b-bill: I'm here!! Let me in please
 
Candy corn: comming!
 

Eds>>Rich

 

(1:06 p.m.)

 
Eds: pretty sure somethings happe ing between Ben and bev lol
 
Rich: oh rlly why?
 
Eds: cause bevs face was red when she let us in, Ben looked like a tomato when bill asked if we were interrupting anything
 
Eds: oh also ben still has some lipstick on his face lol
 
Rich: hahahahahah omg
 

Confess your feelings dumbass

 

(1:11 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: bustedscreenshot.jpeg lmaooo
 
Grandpa: Doesn't surprise me.
 
Queen: ASSJDHDKDLSHS whooops
 

Losers club

 

(3:45 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: so any bets?
 
Ed-boy: I'll put 5 on richie
 
Candy corn: why? Richie always loses skksksks
 
Ed-boy: >:(
 
Stab: Well I'm going to be smart and put five on Mike.
 
Candy corn: I'm putting 3 on Ben plus this blue airhead I found in my pocket
 
Ed-boy: I dont want ur pocket candy
 
(3:50 p.m.)
 
Stab: You guys might as well give me the money now. Mike has 3 stars.
 
Candy corn: theres still 5 rounds left chill
 
Ed-boy: !!! A hidden block star 
 
Stab: Doesn't mean anything, Richie still only has two. 
 

Stab: 
Are you fucking kidding me?

 
Candy corn: WHAT TWO HIDDEN STARS
 
Ed-boy: :) haha bitches
 
Ed-boy: and with the bonus stars richie comes out on top with 4 stars so I win.
 
Candy corn: wrow
 

(3:56 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: I FUCKING DID IT
 

(5:43 p.m.)

 
Ed-boy: I hate this movie 
 
B-b-bill: come on, hereditary is the best how do you not like it
 
Ed- boy: I just don't. Its unsettling
 
B-b-bill: well yeah. That's the point Eddie
 
Ed-boy: shut.
 
Dickie toes: stop texting so I can hold ur hand, u promised
 
Mikey: assddffhhj
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(5:45)

 
Mooke: awwww
 
Kasbrwak: stoOp you know hes right beside me
 
Mooke: sorry sorry but y'all just look so cute over there
 
Kasbrwak: UGHHHH
 

Losers club

 

(11:35 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: richieandeddieasleep.jpeg aww look at them 
 
Mikey: haha eddies gonna b pissed when he sees thsi
 
B-b-bill: and then there were 3
 
B-b-bill: come into the dining room w me 
 
Mikey: oh ok
 
Candy corn: okey doke lets play uno
 

(12:03 a.m.)

 
Stab: if y'all don't stop yelling im gonna kill myself
 
B-b-bill: sorry mike hit me with a draw 4
 

(12:10 a.m.)

 
Candy corn: remind me to never play uno with Bill. There's uno cards all over the floor now :(







Chapter 7







Confess your feeling dumbass


 

(12:44 p.m.)

 
Queen: im out of my date with Ben and like someone pinch me bc this can't be real hes too nice for me
 
Dumbass: sksks bev
 
Grandpa: It's rude to text during a date.
 
Queen: relax he went to the bathroom, always thinking the worst
 
Grandpa: Sorry, I can never be sure with you two.
 
Queen: I just can't believe this in all honesty
 
Dumbass: well believe it baby you of all ppl deserve it
 
Queen: thanks rich
 

Losers club

 

(12:59 p.m.)

 
Ed-boy: my mom's been guilting me since I got home im so done with this shit
 
B-b-bill: im sorry Eddie 
 
Ed-boy: its okay I was prepared for it
 
B-b-bill: you shouldnt have to worry about shit like that. I wish you would just leave.
 
Ed-boy: you know I can't, not yet anyway
 
B-b-bill: I know
 
Ed-boy: ive just got to make it one more year
 
Stab: Yeah, one more year in a prison you call home.
 
Ed-boy: stan
 
B-b-bill: what? He's not wrong eddie
 
Ed-boy: I kno lets just drop it for now
 
B-b-bill: ok 
 
Stab: Sorry Eddie.
 

Mike>>Ben

 

(1:12 p.m.)

 
Mike: so??? How was ur date?
 
Ben: it was great!! It didnt feel awkward or anything I was so glad!! We're gonna go out again later this week!!
 
Mike: !!! I'm so glad!! You two are good for each other
 
Ben: I'm honestly still expecting to wake up and this all be a dream
 

Losers club

 

(2:45 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: hey fuckers guys who just got a job
 
Dickie toes: ME
 
Ed-boy: what!?
 
Candy corn: where??
 
Dickie toes: the thift shop thats in town
 
Stab: That run down looking shop called "turtle thift"? I didn't realise that place was still in business.
 
Candy corn: of course it is thats where me and rich get all of our cool ass clothes B)
 
Dickie toes: yepp and now I get a 10% bonus off everything and also get to see the new shit before anyine else
 
B-b-bill: how did u convence someone to hire you??
 
Dickie toes: i didnt, today when i walked in the owner called me over and said "do u wanna work here bc ur here all the time anyways and i need another employee" so I said fuck yes
 
Mikey: that's great richie!! im proud of you
 
B-b-bill: dad mike returns
 
Jelly boy: I go there sometimes! They've got a good book section
 
Dickie toes: nerd
 
Ed-boy: I give it 1 week b4 ur fired
 
Dickie toes: EDS
 
Stab: I'm with Eddie.
 
B-b-bill: well I have faith in my friend
 
Dickie toes: thank u bilk
 
Ed-boy: bilk
 
B-b-bill: ur welcome rich
 

Dickie toes changed B-b-bill's name to Milky bilk

 
Milky bilk: u kno what I change my mind
 
Candy corn: asdfhjlkbfdss
 
Mikey: dont be mad milky bilk lol
 
Candy corn: when do u start?
 
Dickie toes: he told me to come in tomorrow after school 
 
Ed-boy: hey wait how am I getting home then :(
 
Dickie toes: uhhh
 
Stab: Relax Eddie, I can easily give you a ride.
 
Ed-boy: ok I guess
 
Dickie toes: cheer up eds!! U could always come hang out at the shop with me until I get off
 
Ed-boy: yeah cause I would love to hang around a thift shop for hours with nothing to do
 
Stab: Eddie, you're just mad because you know no one else is gonna buy you coffee on the way home.
 
Ed-boy: shut the fuck up stanley
 
Dickie toes: u only use me for my money 
 
Milky bilk: lmao ur his sugar daddy
 
Ed-boy: shut the fuck up
 

Confess your feeling dumbass

 

(3:03 p.m.)

 
Queen: so I may have another date this Thursday lol
 
Dumbass: thats great bev!!
 
Grandpa: Good now I only have to listen to one of you guys pine.
 
Dumbass: shuddap
 
Queen: oh that reminds me
 

Queen changed the group's name to Richie stop being gay

 
Queen: everything is as it should be
 
Dumbass: guyyyss
 
Grandpa: Back to the main reason we made this chat: to make fun of/comfort Richie's gay ass.
 
Queen: asdfhhh yess
 
Dumbass: B¬(
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(3:35 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: :((
 
Kasbrwak: mikeee
 
Mooke: is this about richie not being able to drive you home?
 
Kasbrwak: :(((((
 
Mooke: eddie u are so gay lol it wont b everyday
 
Kasbrwak: I know I just really like the time we spend together on the way to and from school
 
Mooke: awww thats cute
 
Kasbrwak: shut
 
Kasbrwak: what are u up to today anyway?
 
Mooke: nothing really just hanging around
 
Kasbrwak: oh okay you just seemed like you left in a hurry this morning thought u might have plans
 
Mooke: lmao nope nothing like that
 
Kasbrwak: okey doke tell that the chickens I said hello then
 
Mooke: will do
 

Stans being a bitch again

 

(1:12 p.m.)

 
B-b-bitch: anyone up?
 

(1:36 a.m.)

 
B-b-bitch: sigh
 
B-b-bitch: the one night y'all are asleep
 

(6:45 a.m.)

 
Red: sorry bill you okay??
 
B-b-bitch: yeah im fine lol just over thinking as usual
 
Red: okay if you need to talk im here
 
B-b-bitch: I know thank you
 

Bevvy>>Benny

 

(7:06 a.m.)

 
Bevvy: good morning!!
 
Benny: good morning bev!! How are you doing?
 
Bevvy: im good! I actually got a good amount of sleep last night
 
Benny: thats good!
 
Bevvy: think you can meet me by my lockers this morning before class?
 
Benny: yeah definitely!
 
Bevvy: cool see you there
 

Losers club

 

(7:22 a.m.)

 
Dickie toes: ughhh I hate mornings 0/10
 
Ed-boy: stop complaining and get a move on I don't want to b late today
 
Stab: You should get a car, oh wait that would be useless since you don't have a license.
 
Jelly boy: oop looks like stan woke up on the wrong side if the bed today
 
Ed-boy: >:(
 
Milky bilk: wow eddies already getting roasted
 
Mikey: stooooppp hes just a child
 
Stab: Just telling it as it is.
 
Dickie toes: stan stop being mean lmao
 

(7:30 a.m.)

 
Dickie toes: guys I found eds halfway to my house, he started walking
 
Ed-boy: I was tired of waiting
 
Jelly boy: asdff eddie
 
Candy corn: u have so much drama in t hat tiny body
 

(8:20 a.m.)

 
Stab: I'm going to kill Richie.
 
Dickie toes: would it help if you knew I was sorry
 
Stab: No.
 
Milky bilk: what happened??
 
Ed-boy: richie got stan fussed at for passing notes bc he kept throwing notes at him
 
Stab: The only good thing about it was what the note that was taken up had something embarrassing on it, at least for Richie.
 
Dickie toes: stop fucking smiling about it :(
 
Ed-boy: what did it say??
 
Stab: It was about his crush.
 
Dickie toes: STAN
 
Ed-boy: ????
 
Milky bilk: who??
 
Stab: It was about his crush on bigfoot. God, i thought everyone knew that.
 

Richie stop being gay

 

(8:32 a.m.)

 
Dumbass: what tge fuck Stanley
 
Grandpa: Lol. You looked terrified.
 
Queen: stannn omg assffghjk
 

Dumbass changed the group's name to Stan stop being a bitch

 
Queen: assfghkl
 

(11:14 a.m.)

 
Ed-boy: does anyone have anything they can give me for lunch i forgot to pack mine this morning?
 
Milky bilk: I got you eddie, I have some cash on me
 
Ed-boy: thank you Bill
 
Stab: I've never seen you forget your lunch before Eddie, are you feeling okay?
 
Ed-boy: yeah im fine I mustve just still been sleepy this morning completely slipped my mind
 
Dickie toes: ¬¬
 

Stan stop being a bitch

 

(11:16 a.m.)

 
Dumbass: thats weird right?? Im not the only one that thinks that suspicious
 
Stab: Yeah, it's odd but he probably did just forget.
 
Queen: yeah I agree everyone has forgetful moments
 
Dumbass: I guess 
 

Losers club

 

(2:33 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: fucking kill me now I can't believe this shit
 
Ed-boy: whats wrong??
 

Jelly boy: you ok bev?

 
Candy corn: no. We just got assigned to a group project with 2 people and guess who im stuck with.
 
Ed-boy: oh no
 
Candy corn: yepp fucking greta
 
Mikey: maybe it wont b so bad
 
Candy corn: its going to suck i already know
 
Milky bilk: im sorry bev coulda been worse tho 
 
Dickie toes: yea you could have had mullet lol
 
Candy corn: youre right about that I guess
 

Losers club

 

(2:55 p.m.)

 
Jelly boy: so whats the project about?
 
Candy corn: we've basically have to both write a story together, she wants it to be at least 10 pages long and have a solid beginning, middle and ending.
 
Milky bilk: what did greta say?
 
Candy corn: she didnt really say much, just gave me a piece of paper with her number on it and said to text her later
 
Jelly boy: did she seem mad about working with you?
 
Candy corn: not really
 
Ed-boy: huh? Thats odd
 
Candy corn: yeah ikr 
 
Stab: Maybe Mike was right, it won't be that bad.
 
Candy corn: idk I just dont trust her I feel like the second I turn my back on her I'm going to be sitting in the girls bathroom covered in trash water again 
 
Dickie toes: thats more than understandable
 

(3:02 p.m.)

 
Stab: You still need a ride Eddie?
 
Ed-boy: no im good, thank you tho
 
Stab: How are you getting home then?
 
Ed-boy: richie. Im gonna wait for him to get done I doubt he'll work a full day today
 
Stab: Well okay, if you're sure. It'll be your fault if you're stuck there all day.
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(3:10 p.m.)

 
Mooke: wow
 
Kasbrwak: don't
 
Mooke: im just saying
 
Mooke: wow
 
Kasbrwak: well im not listening
 

Stan stop being a bitch

 

(3:12 p.m.)

 
Grandpa: You two can't spend one day apart.
 
Dumbass: what can I say im irresistible
 
Queen: more like intolerable
 
Grandpa: You read my mind.
 
Dumbass: B¬p
 

Beverly>>Greta

 

(4:15 p.m.)

 
Beverly: hey Greta this is Beverly
 
Beverly: just let me know when your free to work on the project
 
Greta: im free tomorrow after school, if thats okay?
 
Beverly: yeah thats fine I'll meet you in the library
 
Greta: okay
 

Losers club

 

(4:23 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: okay guys in meeting greta in the library after school tomorrow, whos gonna come in there to make sure nothing fishy happens?
 
Dickie toes: nooo I wanna do it but I have work :(((
 
B-b-bill: same
 
Stab: I'm not sitting in a library watching you two do a project. She's not gonna try anything at school.
 
Candy corn: :(
 
Ed-boy: I'll do it
 
Candy corn: thank you Eddie!! 
 

(4:55 p.m.)

 
Ed-boy: I was right stan
 
Dickie toes: im officially done with my first day on the work force. Tomorrow I work from 4-8
 
Candy corn: thats great richie!!
 
Milky bilk: welcome to the club, tho it should b easier than spending 3 hours washing dishes everyday lol
 
Dickie toes: tru
 
Jelly boy: now we can bother you at work
 
Dickie toes: yes plz this place is rarely crowded imm gonna need company
 

(5:50 p.m.)

 
Milky bilk: assdfhhjgd guys look at georgies school photo
 
Milky bilk: georgieschoolphoto.jpeg
 
Milky bilk: why does he look like he's looking into the camera on the office???
 
Jelly boy: ffffffffffss thats exactky what it looks like
 
Stab: He looks completely done.
 
Candy corn: hahahaha aww he still looks cute tho
 
Milky bilk: "tell her I said thanks and ask when she wants to go on our date also add a winky face" - georgie
 
Dickie toes: wow kid has game
 
Jelly boy: they grow up so fast
 
Ed-boy: asdfghjkk thats the best school photo ive ever seen




Chapter 8





Losers club

 

(3:24 p.m.)

 
Ed-boy: im in the library waiting for bev
 
Dickie toes: i miss u already :(
 
Ed-boy: u literally just left 
 
Dickie toes: i know
 
Stab: Can you say co-dependant?
 
Mikey: let them live stanley
 
Milky bilk: lmaooo
 
Ed-boy: Greta is already here if I didn't know any better if say she looks nervous
 
Dickie toes: are you where she can see you??
 
Ed-boy: nah im behind her but she keeps looking around 
 
Candy corn: im omw now
 
Milky bilk: I wish i was there lol
 
Jelly boy: let me know if anything happens I can b there asap
 
Stab: Nothings gonna happen, other than them doing an English project.
 
Ed-boy: ill let you guys know everything that happens 
 
Dickie toes: thank you spaghetti man
 
Ed-boy: im just gonna ignore that
 

(3:30 p.m.)

 
Ed-boy: bev just walked in and sat down, now they're both kinda just sitting there in silence
 
Milky bilk: awkward
 
Ed-boy: it really is
 
Ed-boy: wwait
 
Ed-boy: oh mygod I can't believe it
 
Milky bilk: what??
 
Ed-boy: greta just said "lets deal with the tention first" and started talking about their history with each other
 
Ed-boy: "I was absolutely horrible to you and im sorry." Well at least she admits it
 
Jelly boy: wow I can't believe it
 
Milky bilk: I cannot believe
 
Ed-boy: "you were horrible. And im glad you apologised. But I dont think i can't forgive you just yet."- bev
 
Ed-boy: "I understand. I just needed to apologize to you. Hopefully we can work past it eventually. Now lets do this stupid project"-greta
 
Milky bilk: that went better than I thought it would
 
Jelly boy: yeah same
 
Mikey: told yall it might be okay
 

(4:34 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: fuccckkkk I cant believe I missed all that bc of my stupid job
 
Dickie toes: also i am officially in charge of this mfer dude just left and gave me (ME) the keys to lock up
 
Stab: Is he stupid? He just hired you and is already trusting you to close the shop?
 
Ed-boy: exactly what i was thinking
 
Dickie toes: what can i say im charming
 
Stab: When have you ever been charming?
 
Dickie toes: when i took ur mom out last night ;)
 
Milky bilk: pfffttt 
 
Candy corn: well were about to wrap up here then imma come bother u at ur new job lol
 
Dickie toes: yess pls
 
Candy corn: u wanna come eddie?
 
Ed-boy: yea I'll come
 
Dickie toes: YES
 
Stab: Your first real day and you're already letting people loiter.
 
Milky bilk: what did u expect
 
Jelly boy: I might stop by later lol
 
Stab: Shake my head.
 

(5:02 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: were on the way now rich were walking as fast as we can
 
Dickie toes: thank god im so bored ive only had 3 ppl come in and only 2 buy something
 
Ed-boy: are u really surprised that place is always empty 
 
Dickie toes: just hurry
 
Candy corn: :p
 

(5:33 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: bevandeddie.jpeg my hero's!! Eds even brought me a drink be still my heart
 
Ed-boy: youre welcome
 
Candy corn: he looked happier to see the coffee than either of us lol
 
Mikey: I wish I was there :( granddad has me cleaning the barn today
 
Stab: That sounds horrible.
 
Mikey: It is.
 
Milky bilk: ive only got 1 more hour here I might stop by on the way home rich
 
Dickie toes: yaaayy
 

(5:46 p.m.)

 
Jelly boy: im about to stop by 
 
Jelly boy: I can take yall home if you need me too bev and eddie
 
Candy corn: yes please
 
Ed-boy: thank you but im gonna stay and ride home w rich
 
Stab: But that will be after eight?
 
Ed-boy: yes I am aware of that
 
Jelly boy: oh okay then 
 

Stan stop being a bitch

 

(6:02 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: picofbevandbenkissing.jpeg 
 
Dumbass: what the fuck? Is that allowed???
 
Queen: stop assdffghjm
 
Grandpa: Wow.
 
Dumbass: yeah when they started eddie just says "oh so this is a thing now."
 
Grandpa: Well he already thought so anyway. Are you guys okay with the whole group knowing?
 
Queen: well you two already know, eddie knows, Bill knows, and im pretty sure Ben told mike so thats everyone lol
 
Grandpa: Wow, we really cant keep anything from each other can we?
 
Dumbass: heyy you two are the only ones that know about my crush
 
Queen: thats true
 
Grandpa: Yeah, thats the real shocker.
 

Losers club

 

(6:04 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: I know that u all already know but imma say it anyway
 
Candy corn: me and ben are dating now lol
 
Ed-boy: I mean I figured. U 2 have been kissing in the corner for about 5 minutes
 
Milky bilk: im happy for you guys!
 
Dickie toes: ive known for ages lol but I'm glad u guys are finally together
 
Stab: I'm happy for you guys, you two deserve one another.
 
Mikey: I agree with stan you two are good together
 
Candy corn: I love you guys so fucking much
 
Jelly boy: thank you guys!! I also love all of you!
 
Dickie toes: <3<3
 

(6:37 p.m.)

 
Milky bilk: just got outta work b there soon
 
Dickie toes: yay!!
 
Stab: Can't believe you all want to go hang out in a thift shop instead of going home. Well except Eddie.
 
Ed-boy: thanks for that stan
 
Stab: You're welcome Eddie.
 

(7:22 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: picofbillinjacket.jpeg
 
Dickie toes: look at this amazingly ugly jacket bills buying
 
Stab: You're right. That is hideous.
 
Mikey: but it has character and that is whats important 
 
Candy corn: omg how did i miss that i woulda bought it
 
Stab: That thing would have fell off of you.
 
Milky bilk: u snooze u loose
 
Dickie toes: you shouldnt have abandoned me bev
 
Ed-boy: I don't see whats so special about it tbh it looks ugly to me
 
Mikey: it. Has. Character.
 

(8:08 p.m.)

 
Ed-boy: hurry up its cold out here
 
Dickie toes: omw just cutting out the lights
 
Stab: Make sure you actually lock the door Richie.
 
Dickie toes: yeah yeah yeah
 
Ed-boy: shut the hell up stanely
 
Stab: Just trying to keep him from being fired Edward.
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(8:09 p.m.)

 
Mooke: you really hung out with him all day at the thift shop
 
Kasbrwak: yepp
 
Mooke: you two cannot spend more than one day apart can you? Lol
 
Kasbrwak: I knoww I just really like being with him
 
Mooke: why not tell him that
 
Kasbrwak: no mike I can't
 
Mooke: brwak brwak brwak
 
Kasbrwak: stop making chiken noises at me hanlon
 
Mooke: stop being a chicken kaspbrak
 

Losers club

 

(9:44 a.m.)

 
Milky bilk: it's always so wierd when I find a huge ass bruise and have no idea where it came from
 
Jelly boy: where at??
 
Milky bilk: my lower leg
 
Candy corn: clumsy ass
 
Stab: You're always running into shit.
 
Milky bilk: yea that's true
 
Stab: I'm going to bed. Goodnight everyone, try to get some sleep.
 
Jelly boy: goodnight Stan!
 

Stan's being a bitch again

 

(10:02 p.m.)

 
B-b-bitch: I can already tell that immma be on this chat tonight sigh
 
Red: im sorry billy
 
B-b-bitch: its alright I just can't seem to get sleepy at night 
 
Trashmouth: same :(
 

Rich>>Eds

 

(10:32 p.m.)

 
Rich: hope your mom wasnt too mad about you getting home late
 
Eds: she wasnt, just the normal amount
 
Rich: are you doing okay? Youve seemed off today
 
Eds: yeah im okay its just been an off kinda day I guess
 
Rich: okay I'll see you in the morning eds good night sweet dreams
 
Eds: goodnight rich
 

Stan's being a bitch again

 

(10:44 p.m.)

 
Trashmouth: im so fucking gay guys, I really wanted to kiss Eddie tonight when i took him home :(
 
Trashmouth: well fuck this isnt the right chat. 
 

Trashmouth removed himself from the group

 



Chapter 9
Chapter Notes
Ive been iching to post this all day sorry for the cliffhanger last chapter

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






Stan's being a bitch again

 


(10:58 p.m.)

 

B-b-bitch: wait wait WHAT????
 

B-b-bitch: he unadded himself??? After dropping that ???
 

Red: oh my fucking god 
 

Red: hold on bill
 

B-b-bitch: hold on??????
 


Stan stop being a bitch

 


(11:03 p.m.)

 

Dumbass: ahhhhhhhh whatthefuckkkk
 

Dumbass: im so fucking stupid
 

Dumbass: sorry if you have your sound on stan but im having a freak out
 


Willy (Bill) >> Dick (Richie)

 


(11:06 p.m.)

 

Willy: richie????
 

Willy: u cannot run from this conversation
 


Stan stop being a bitch

 


(11:07 p.m.)

 

Queen: richie calm down its okay its only Bill 
 

Queen: youre gonna be okay 
 

Dumbass: I dont want more people to know what stan said is true we can't keep secrets
 

Dumbass: everyones gonna find out and then eddie will find out and everythings gonna go to shit
 

Queen: it's okay Bill wont say anything. You know Bill won't say anything.
 

Dumbass: are you sure??
 

Queen: yes im very sure its Bill.
 

Queen: but you need to talk to him, hes freaking out over in the other chat. Either let me add him to this chat or re add you to the other
 

Dumbass: ok ok deep breaths just hold on okay
 

Queen: okay I will
 


Stan's being a bitch again

 


(11:13 p.m.)

 

B-b-bitch: BEVERLY HELLO hello
 

B-b-bitch: hello bev????
 

Red: hold on Bill rich is freaking out give me a minute okay
 


Stan stop 
being a bitch

 


(11:20 p.m.)

 

Queen: richie??
 

Dumbass: okay. I think im ready now...
 


Dumbass added Bill to the chat

 

Dumbass: hey bill whats up?
 

Bill: richie what the fuck also what is this chat?? 
 

Dumbass: okay I may have feelings for our dear friend eddie like more than friendship ones and this chat is for me talking about said feelings
 

Bill: I gathered that much
 

Bill: im still processing the information right now 
 

Queen: processing?? you seriously didnt know
 

Bill: what? No I had no idea
 

Queen: wow
 

Dumbass: Beverly
 

Queen: im just saying
 

Dumbass: Bill please promise me you won't say anything like seriously i dont want anyone else knowing
 

Bill: I won't. I would never tell anyone something like this. 
 

Bill: I am however kinda insulted that you told bev and stan before me.
 

Dumbass: im sorry Bill. Technically I didnt tell stan, he figured it out himself
 

Dumbass: tho to be fair I did tell bev. I just needed someone to talk too about it bc i was freaking out
 

Queen: yeah I kinda found him high and sobbing and it all came out 
 

Dumbass: that was a bad day man
 

Bill: its fine rich i understand. If you need me I'll be here 
 

Queen: you seriously didnt suspect anything? At all?? It took Stan like 1 week.
 

Dumbass: bev ur not helping!!
 


Queen changed Bill's name to Silly Billy

 

Dumbass: okay thats hilarious
 

Queen: I know
 

Silly Billy: guys come on
 

Dumbass: ok ok youre right do you have Any questions?
 

Silly Billy: uh yeah I do lots of them but first how long???
 

Dumbass: since I was 12
 

Silly Billy: holy fuck this is serious then
 

Queen: yeah it is
 

Dumbass: im in love with him 
 

Silly Billy: richie
 

Queen: rich 
 

Dumbass: and he can't know so please lets keep it in this chat
 

Silly Billy: I won't say anything rich, I promise.
 

Dumbass: okay thank you
 

Dumbass: also fuck this group name
 


Dumbass changed the group's name to Haha Richie's gay

 

Dumbass: stupid simular names
 


Stan's being a bitch again

 


(12:02 a.m.)

 

B-b-bitch: for 6 years, and i didnt notice at all?? 
 

Red: yepp and ive only known for 3 and a half
 

Red: Stan's known since almost the beginning apparently
 

B-b-bitch: fucckk 
 

B-b-bitch: what about eddie? Does he also ?
 

Red: uh?? Honestly I'm not sure about eddies feelings. Me and stan think he does I mean look at them theyre both obsessed with each other.
 

B-b-bitch: true 
 

Red: I just dont know for sure and I can't in good consicious tell him that Eddie feels the same unless I know for absolutely certain. So we're stuck in this limbo
 

B-b-bitch: hmmmm so we need to find out if eddie likes him or not
 

Red: well yes but theres no easy way to do it. Like me and stan have both tried countless times. Eddie always shuts us down.
 

B-b-bitch: maybe he'd tell me? 
 

Red: maybe, I'm just afraid of pushing them away from each other by trying to meddle 
 

B-b-bitch: youre right i dont want to mess anything 
 

Red: I think the best thing for right now is to be there for him when he needs to vent
 

B-b-bitch: okay I can do that
 


My light>> My love

 


(12:14 a.m.)

 

My light: are you okay? Do you need me to come over?
 

My love: yes please
 

My light: b right there 
 


Willy>>Dick

 


(12:33 a.m.)

 

Willy: i swear rich I'm not going to say anything and I'm sorry that I found out that way and not from you telling me on purpose. I'll always be here if you need me.
 

Dick: I know Bill and im sorry i didnt tell you i never meant for anyone to find out and thank you 
 

Willy: I understand rich try to get some sleep okay?
 

Dick: ill try 
 


Haha Richie's gay

 


(5:45 a.m.)

 

Grandpa: One night. All of this happened in one night. 
 


(6:34 a.m.)

 

Silly Billy: hey Stan whats up? U missed the party last night
 

Grandpa: Hey Bill, welcome to hell the group chat.
 

Silly Billy: tha nks
 

Grandpa: So, how did you find out?
 

Silly Billy: rich texted the wrong group chat to talk about how much he wanted to kiss eddie last night
 

Grandpa: That doesn't suprise me. Richie's a dumbass I knew he'd accidentally tell someone before too long.
 

Queen: well to be fair the group chats were similarly named
 

Grandpa: Wait. Whats was the other group chats name?
 

Queen: 'Stans being a bitch again' our insomiac anonymous group chat for when me, bill or rich can't sleep lol
 

Grandma: Wow. Thanks guys.
 


Bill>>Stan

 


(6:43 a.m.)

 

Bill: bev said you figured it out without richie telling you
 

Bill: How??
 

Stan: I know Richie.
 

Bill: I do too! how did I never see it??
 

Stan: Bill you're a little blind when it comes to these things. No offense. And me and Richie used to spend a whole lot of tine together.
 

Bill: I just cant believe i never noticed. All four of us were inseparable back then though. Am i a bad friend?
 

Stan: No Bill. You're a great friend. Richie's done good at hiding it, I mean even Beverly didn't realize until richie told her. 
 

Bill: thanks stan. I just cant believe something this big was going on with one of my best friends and I never noticed
 

Stan: I understand. 
 


Losers club

 


(6:55 a.m.)

 

Mikey: good morning everyone 
 

Mikey: rise and shine!
 

Stab: Good morning Mike.
 

Jelly boy: good morning!
 

Milky bilk: morning
 

Jelly boy: what no good
 

Milky bilk: not when I'm this sleepy
 

Dickie toes: sorry Bill you know u can go all night ;)
 

Milky bilk: beep beep bitch
 

Candy corn: assffghhjk 
 

Ed-boy: shut your ass up and come get me
 

Dickie toes: okay but fair warning bev is with me lol
 

Candy corn: and im not sitting in the middle seat
 

Ed-boy: alright 
 

Jelly boy: why are you at richs so early??
 

Candy corn: I spent the night last night lol
 

Jelly boy: everything okay?
 

Candy corn: yeah everything's great we just couldnt sleep
 

Dickie toes: yeah until bev cuddled me to sleep lmao
 

Dickie toes: youre a lucky man Ben
 

Jelly boy: thank you rich lol
 


Haha Richie's gay

 


(7:02 a.m.)

 

Dumbass: I take offense to that stanley
 

Queen: lmao its true tho it had to happen eventually
 

Dumbass: B¬(
 

Silly Billy: how often do you guys use this chat?
 

Grandpa: All the time.
 

Queen: anytime rich is being gay lol
 

Grandpa: So as I said, all the time.
 

Dumbass: this is a richie bulling chat tbh
 

Silly Billy: amazing
 


Losers club

 


(7:20 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: okay eds were here!
 

Ed-boy: be right out hold on
 

Dickie toes: is that ur mom yelling??
 

Dickie toes: do u need me to come in???
 

Ed-boy: nah im good hold on
 

Milky bilk: whats going on???
 

Candy corn: we can hear eddies mom screaming from outside his house
 

Candy corn: and now shes yelling after eddie who is calmly walking toward the truck
 

Mikey: what?? 
 

Stab: What's going on? Is Eddie okay?
 

Ed-boy: nothing. Im okay everything is fine. 
 

Mikey: Eddie?
 

Ed-boy: ma's just upset bc we havent been seeing eye to eye recently
 

Milky bilk: about??
 

Ed boy: everything. I found some letters from potential collages in the garbage last week. Had a fight and now I'm not listening to her. So she's pissed. No big deal.
 

Stab: That's a very big deal Eddie. Why didn't you tell us?
 

Ed-boy: sorry guys ive just been stressed. I dont really know what to do right now. I can't leave until I have money and i can't get my money until next year. So im stuck.
 

Ed-boy: and now that im more depressed lets just go to school so I can go to history class please
 

Milky bilk: im sorry Eddie
 

Jelly boy: im so sorry :(
 


Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 


(7:26 a.m.)

 

Mooke: Eddie are you okay?
 

Kasbrwak: yeah I'll be fine shes just pulling her usual shit. The only difference is that im not reacting the way I usually do.
 

Mooke: please let me know if you need help. Anytime you need me I can be there.
 

Kasbrwak: I know thank you mike
 

Mooke: and if it gets worse tell me please. You dont have to tell everyone just please let me know
 

Kasbrwak: okay I will I promise
 

Mooke: love you eddie
 

Kasbrwak: love you too mike
 


Losers club

 


(8:16 a.m.)

 

Stab: Not even 20 minutes into class and Richie is passed out.
 

Jelly boy: wow
 

Ed-boy: and its not even his own, he's asleep of my desk
 

Jelly boy: and the teachers okay with it??
 

Stab: He's probably glad not to have Richie intterupt him. 
 

Milky bilk: lmaoo send a pic
 

Stab: Richieoneddiesdesk.jpeg
 

Jelly boy: aw eddie youre petting him again 
 

Ed-boy: shuttup his hair is soft
 

Mikey: asdfghhjkll
 

Candy corn: I wish I could sleep 
 


Stan's being a bitch again

 


(8:22 a.m.)

 

B-b-bitch: wow I really was fucking blind I cannot believe
 

Red: I knowwww 
 

B-b-bitch: also did you see how happy eddie looked petting him. Both of them are smitten wtf
 

Red: i know it kills me that ruch thinks that he can't say anything
 

B-b-bitch: they would be so much happier. If theyre not together by the end of winter break im interfering. 
 

Red: you know what I agree. Lets give them until then but after that, lets meddle 
 

B-b-bitch: its a plan
 


Losers club

 


(9:03 a.m.)

 

Ed-boy: ASDFGHJKHDS guys
 

Ed-boy: the bell rung and rich jumped awake and fell into the floor asdfhjjfa
 

Ed-boy: stans laughing so hard hes crying omg
 

Milky bilk: skksksks omfg
 

Candy corn: noooo richie are you okay lmao
 

Dickie toes: yeah I am no help from eds or Stanley tho they just laughed at me ;(
 

Stab: Okay I have stopped laughing. He's fine obviously or I wouldn't have laughed as hard.
 

Jelly boy: "as hard"
 

Mikey: Ohmygod on sorry rich but thats funny 
 

Dickie toes: you guys are all biphobic
 

Candy corn: bitch im bi
 

Dickie toes: then stop hating urself
 

Stab: Richiestillinthefloor.jpeg
 

Ed-boy: assffghhjk 
 

Jelly boy: that look of betral tho
 

Milky bilk: guys hurry up and get to class lmao
 



Chapter End Notes
Also thanks again for the kudus and especially the comments!! They really keep me wanting to write more!


Chapter 10
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Haha Richie's gay

 
(8:55 p.m.)
 
Queen: my official second date with Ben went wonderfully just in case y'all were wondering
 
Dumbass: I'm glad!
 
Silly Billy: oh? 
 
Queen: oh yeah I also share details about my relationship here 
 
Silly Billy: I'm glad you two are doing well!
 
Queen: were gonna hang out tomorrow after school again. I hope he doesnt get sick of me
 
Silly Billy: he wont bev seriously
 
Grandpa: Beverly if it were possible for any of us to get sick of one another, we wouldn't all still be friends.
 
Queen: yeah I guess youre right
 
Grandpa: I'm always right.
 

Losers club

 

(5:55 a.m.)

 
Mikey: good morning everyone rise and shine
 
Dickie toes: why do I have to go to school ughhh
 
Stab: Because without it you would be stupider than you already are.
 
Dickie toes: Stanley I have a better grades than you do
 
Stab: You can shut the fuck up Richard.
 
Mikey: lmao he hit a nerve
 
Ed-boy: he might be stupid but hes not an idiot
 
Dickie toes: thank you eds
 
Jelly boy: that was a compliment?
 
Mikey: from Eddie? Yes
 
Ed-boy: >:(
 
Mikey: I love u eddie
 
Ed-boy: your alright I guess
 
Mikey: :(
 

(6:48 a.m.)

 
Milky bilk: georgie just scared the shit outta me slamming my bedroom door open and yelling GET UP
 
Milky bilk: im now wide awake
 
Ed-boy: lmao ive had to wake up rich that way a few times
 
Ed-boy: but I yelled "get the fuck up bitch we're late" instead
 
Dickie toes: sorry Bill I know from experience that sucks
 
Milky bilk: sksksksksk
 
Milky bilk: I guess I better get up now and get him ready for school 
 
Dickie toes: I'm gonna lay here until the last possible minute.
 
Ed-boy: uh no you ain't.
 
Dickie toes: ...okay
 
Candy corn: whipped
 
Stab: I'm already ready and about to head out.
 
Dickie toes: u fkn nerd how do you function?
 
Stab: I actually get sleep.
 
Dickie toes: its not my fault the sandman hates my guts
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(6:50 a.m.)

 
Dumbass: i know you didnt just call me whipped. If any of us is whipped its you
 
Queen: what r u saying tozier?
 
Dumbass: last week ben texted the group saying he was thirsty so you left class, got him a soda and brought it to his poetry class.
 
Queen: suddenly I can't read
 
Silly Billy: sksksksk I forgot about that
 
Grandpa: I can settle this. Both of you are whipped.
 

Greta>>Beverly

 

(9:02 a.m.)

 
Greta: wanna meet at the library today after class again?
 
Beverly: yeah but I can only stay until 4:20 today
 
Greta: okay thats fine
 

Losers club

 

(9:45 a.m.)

 
Milky bilk: I wish it was saturday I dont wanna be in school right now
 
Dickie toes: me too bitch
 
Candy corn: I just wish the full moon was on Saturday and not Sunday. I wanted to do it on the full moon.
 
Jelly boy: same 
 
Ed-boy: are you sure that we will be okay out by the quarry that long?
 
Milky bilk: yes eddie for the 100th time it'll be fine 
 
Jelly boy: and ive brought literally every cover my mom could spare
 
Dickie toes: and mags said the living room was ours whenever we come back
 
Candy corn: though tbh were prob gonna stay around the campfire almost all night
 
Mikey: true 
 
Candy corn: I can't wait to eat my body weight in marshmellow
 
Jelly boy: yessss
 

Bevvy>>Benny

 

(10:20 a.m.)

 
Bevvy: I really enjoyed our date yesterday
 
Bevvy: are we still on for today?
 
Benny: yes we are! 
 
Benny: why wouldnt we be?
 
Bevvy: just making sure you're not sick of me yet lmao
 
Benny: I could never get sick of you bev
 
Bevvy: thank you ben
 
Bevvy: I'll meet you after my project meeting with greta
 
Benny: I can wait around for you if you want
 
Bevvy: yeah that would b great you can sit with us give us some ideas if you want
 
Benny: would greta be okay with that?
 
Bevvy: yeah its fine 
 
Benny: then yes i would love too
 

Beverly>>Greta

 

(10:22 a.m.)

 
Beverly: my friend Ben wants to sit in with us, he can help. That okay?
 
Greta: yeah its fine.
 
Greta: hes just your friend? 
 
Beverly: what's that suppose to mean?
 
Greta: nothing! I s2g I just thought you two were together thats all
 
Beverly: really?
 
Greta: yeah? I saw you two holding hands this morning and it wasnt the friendly way that you and that loud kid do all the time
 
Beverly: your not gonna give me shit for holding hands with my friends? Call me a slut?
 
Greta: no im not. I told you im not doing that shit anymore. When's the last time I really made fun of you? Called you any rude names?
 
Beverly: not for a while actually, now that you mention it. I guess im just on edge
 
Greta: yeah I dont blame you like ive already said I was a bitch to you. I think in all honesty I was a little jealous that you have so many close friends. I kinda still am.
 
Beverly: oh okay. And youre right actually, me and ben just started going out recently
 
Greta: well he seems sweet
 
Beverly: he is, cavity inducing in all honesty
 
Greta: maybe we'll get a good amount of work done with another head
 
Beverly: yeah hopefully
 

Losers club

 

(11:04 a.m.)

 
Candy corn: its day 3 of greta not being a horrible person to me and I'm still confused?? 
 
Milky bilk: I guess she actually feels bad then. If she was putting on an act i can't see it lasting this long
 
Candy corn: yeah and today she asked me when the last time she was mean to me was and in all honesty I dont remember. Its been at least a year.
 
Mikey: maybe shes changed?
 
Candy corn: yeah I guess she has
 
Candy corn: the middle school me is still weary tho
 
Stab: I can't blame you Beverly. She was horrible in middle school. But she has calmed down quite alot since then.
 

Stanny>>Bevford

 

(11:30 a.m.)

 
Stanny: Bev, its okay to still be wary of Greta. We all know how bad middle school was for you. I wish we had met a few years earlier so you didn't have to deal with it alone.
 
Bevford: thank you Stan. I really needed that. But I really do think shes being genuine and I tbink thats whats freaking me out.
 
Bevford: ive always thought that she was just an awful awful person but now she seems so human you know
 
Bevford: like maybe back then if I had tried I could've gotten through to her
 
Stanny: Yeah, I get that. But if you had gotten though to her back then would we had become friends?
 
Bevford: huh? Thats a good point I guess im glad I didn't try lol
 

Mikey moo (Mike) >>Pumpkin (??)

 

(11:55 a.m.)

 
Mikey moo: need me to pick you up today?
 
Pumpkin: yes please 
 
Mikey moo: you want me to grab something to eat? We could hang out for a bit and eat and watch tv if you want?
 
Pumpkin: youre the literal best Michael
 
Mikey moo: why thank you ;)
 

Losers club

 

(1:25 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: how much trouble do you think id get in if I pulled the fire alarm
 
Stab: Don't even fucking think of doing it. I swear to God I will kill you.
 
Dickie toes: I'm not give me credit I was just wondering
 
Milky bilk: why?
 
Dickie toes: cause evertime I walk past the one in theatre class I think about how easy it would be to pull it
 
Candy corn: wow that would be easy 
 
Ed-boy: it would be an automatic expell so don't even try. 
 
Dickie toes: I'm not! It was just a question damn
 

(2:22 p.m.)

 
Jelly boy: henry just came in here to rent a book??? He can read??
 
Jelly boy: assdfghj he checked out a how to get ripped self help book
 
Milky bilk: whagt?? Who checked them out for him??
 
Stab: I did. Unfortunately.
 
Jelly boy: he looked at the book and looked back to Henry and said "isnt this book a bit big for you?" Lmao
 
Dickie toes: asdfghh Stan 
 
Candy corn: I still can't believe he failed 10th grade 2 times
 
Stab: I can. He's a fucking idiot.
 

Benny>>Bevvy 

 

(3:12 p.m.)

 
Benny: be there soon gotta stop by my locker real quick
 
Bevvy: okay I just got here were gonna go over what we've got so far
 

Losers club

 

(4:39 p.m.)

 
Jelly boy: wow y'all seriosly werent kidding Greta is trying to be nice now
 
Jelly boy: she was actually not bad to talk to today
 
Dickie toes: you went with bev today?
 
Candy corn: yeah he did. Helped us get a good chuck wrote too
 
Candy corn: and I told you. 
 
Milky bilk: who knows maybe shes been this way for awhile and we never noticed because we all avoided her lol 
 
Candy corn: maybe so. im glad shes not how she used to be, this project's actually doing well
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(4:29 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: hey Mike
 
Mooke: hey eds, whats up?
 
Kasbrwak: I'm sorry for the other day. I should've told you about me and my moms fighting
 
Mooke: Eddie no. You dont have an obligation to tell me everything that happens to you. Dont apologize.
 
Kasbrwak: its just I was hoping if I ignored it it would get better but it just keeps getting worse
 
Mooke: whats been going on?
 
Kasbrwak: well as you know me and my moms relationship hasnt been the same since I found out my pills were fake. But it was still bareable until recently.
 
Mooke: what changed?
 
Kasbrwak: I think that it has to do with this being our last year of high school. I think the collage mail is what made her flip.
 
Mooke: yeah you said you found them in the trash right? 
 
Kasbrwak: yepp since then all we do is argue whenever we're in the same room for more than a few minutes at a time.
 
Mooke: so thats why you have been avoiding your house
 
Kasbrwak: right. She just says the worst things to me. Its like she knows exactly what to say to get under my skin. 
 
Mooke: thats horrible Eddie
 
Kasbrwak: yeah as soon as im 18 im gone, but until then idk what I can do. It makes me feel hopeless.
 
Kasbrwak: so any ideas on what I can do?
 
Mooke: the only thing that I can think of is to get ready to leave
 
Kasbrwak: like how?
 
Mooke: well id suggest getting a job and saving up some money, also getting your permit would be helpful
 
Kasbrwak: that sounds doable
 
Mooke: if richie can get a job then you shouldnt have any problem, im going to keep an eye out for openings
 
Kasbrwak: thank you Mike you really are a great friend you know that
 
Mooke: I do
 
Mooke: also just wondering, where are you right now?
 
Kasbrwak: outside the thift shop waiting for the other employee to leave
 
Mooke: lol thats where I thought you would be
 
Kasbrwak: shut up I told you I'm avoiding my house. Thats why im here
 
Mooke: so why havent you hung out anywhere else this week?
 
Kasbrwak: cause rich gets lonely im trying to be a good friend
 
Mooke: oh that makes sense. I bet hes lonely now so you better go in there and not-flirt with him until hes not lonely
 
Kasbrwak: im going in but not bc you told me too but bc the other person just left
 
Mooke: okay eddie spaghetti
 
Kasbrwak: I'm gonna ignore that.















Chapter End Notes
Im not sure where this greta subplot came from but I guess im running with it lol


Chapter 11
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 


(1:20 p.m.)

 

Dickie toes: guys I know what im going as for Halloween!
 

Jelly boy: what??
 

Dickie toes: a sexy version of beetlejuice.
 

Candy corn: so a regular version of beetlejuice
 

Dickie toes: asdffghhjk
 

Jelly boy: beetlejuice really??
 

Candy corn: hey wait what will I be rich? We always match our outfits :(
 

Dickie toes: idk you can go as Lydia or something
 

Milky bilk: I could see that 
 

Candy corn: Wait I have a better idea
 

Candy corn: I go as sexy beetlejuice.
 

Dickie toes: heyyy
 

Candy corn: im not finished
 

Dickie toes: sorry continue
 

Candy corn: and you go as Lydia in her wedding dress
 

Dickie toes: holy fucking shit youre a genius
 

Candy corn: thank you
 

Milky bilk: omg yes that would be amazing!
 

Ed-boy: I hate to admit it but that would be a great outfit
 

Candy corn: whats everyone elses Halloween outfit ideas??
 

Milky bilk: im going as Marty mcfly
 

Ed-boy: oh wow thats neat
 

Stab: im not dressing up. 
 

Candy corn: spoil sport
 

Dickie toes: uh yes you are even if i have to force you
 

Ed-boy: and you know he will remember last year
 

Stab: He can try.
 

Jelly boy: oh no
 

Dickie toes: bet
 

Mikey: im wearing that "mega milk" t shirt richie bought me for my birthday and some cow print pants with a cow mask lmao
 

Dickie toes: oh my god thats better than mine!
 

Milky bilk: asskskdhdjk mike wtf
 

Jelly boy: I have no idea what im going as yet lol
 

Candy corn: I'll help you figure one out Ben!
 

Jelly boy: thank you bev!
 

Dickie toes: what about you eds?
 

Ed-boy: chucky all i need is bev to help me with makeup lol
 

Candy corn: sweet! I'll definitely help you!
 

Ed-boy: thank you!
 

Dickie toes: omg thats gonna be amazing
 

Dickie toes: ur definatly short enough for it
 

Ed-boy: fuc off
 


Ben>>Mike

 


(1:28 p.m.)

 

Ben: should I be jealous of bev and richies relationship? 
 

Mike: no? I dont think so, are you?
 

Ben: in all honesty, no. Tho sometimes i can't help but wonder if beverly would be happier with someone more like her you know
 

Mike: ben I promise you that if bev didnt think you were the guy for her she wouldnt be going out with you. She likes you just the way you are dude
 

Ben: thank you Mike sorry for this whole conversation lol
 

Mike: youre fine Ben I seriously dont mind
 


Greta>>Beverly

 


(2:02 p.m.)

 

Greta: I know you said you were busy today but do you think we could get together sometime tomorrow? 
 

Beverly: uh yeah I should be able to meet up in the afternoon, if you want
 

Greta: yeah that sounds good. Do you want to meet at like Starbucks or something?
 

Beverly: sounds like a plan
 

Greta: I'll text tomorrow to find out the time
 


Losers club

 


(2:34 p.m.)

 

Dickie toes: sigh ive been here since 7 and we've only had 4 costumers
 

Stab: How does that place even stay open?
 

Dickie toes: the old dude has a shit ton of money he only does this for a hobby
 

Stab: Wow.
 

Ed-boy: youre getting paid to do nothing, be happy
 

Jelly boy: yeah rich 
 

Dickie toes: I can't wait for tonight I can already taste the marshmellows. 
 

Milky bilk: yeah and you get to sit on your ass at your "job" while me and Mike have to set up the bonfire
 

Dickie toes: B¬p 
 

Milky bilk: which reminds me ive got all the rocks well need as well as a good pile of smaller sticks. Just waiting on the logs Mike!
 

Mikey: okay I'm gathering up some right now I'll let you know when im on my way
 

Milky bilk: ok imma head back to the house for a bit to take a shower and grab some supplies
 


Losers club

 


(3:11 p.m.)

 

Mikey: okay guys I went and got the logs and found some hay for us to use as seats im packing them into my truck right now
 

Milky bilk: I'll be right back to help you set it up
 

Candy corn: hey pick me up on the way please!!
 

Milky bilk: okay! Be ready bev
 

Stab: I'll be over after supper.
 

Dickie toes: my relief should be here soon so I can pick eds up and well go get the snacks
 

Jelly boy: give me 30 or so minutes and I'll be omw
 


(4:32 p.m.)

 

Dickie toes: attention everyone look at this!!
 

Dickie toes: picofeddiesittingincart.jpeg
 

Mikey: how did you talk him into that
 

Dickie toes: he said i was walking too fast so I picked him up and put him in lol
 

Ed-boy: I am not a child.
 

Dickie toes: no but you are adorable
 

Ed-boy: yougotmethere.jpeg
 


Haha Richie's gay

 


(5:36 p.m.)

 

Silly Billy: wow rich
 

Dumbass: shttup Billy
 

Grandpa: Bill beat me to it. But also wow Richie.
 

Queen: lmao bills fitting in nicely already bulling richie
 

Dumbass: leave richie alone 2k19
 


Losers club

 


(6:22 p.m.)

 

Mikey: fire.jpeg
 

Mikey: fires ready come on everyone
 

Stab: Be there soon.
 

Jelly boy: leaving now lol
 

Dickie toes: hurry up before we eat all the goodies
 


Stan's being a bitch again

 

(8:55 p.m.)
 

B-b-bitch: lmao eddies face is so fucking red
 

Red: hahaha I know he really wasnt expecting richie to pull him into his lap like that
 

B-b-bitch: im glad I was getting tired of eddie complaining about the hay being ichy
 

Red: I love how this turned into a lets talk about our gay friends group chat
 


B-b-bitch changed the groups name to Talking about our gay friends

 

B-b-bitch: better
 

Red: asdfgghj yes
 

B-b-bitch: not to change the subject but you sure do look comfy cuddled up to ben over there
 

Red: u need someone to cuddle? Ben's other side is free im sure he wouldn't mind 
 

B-b-bitch: tempting
 


Losers club

 


(9:47 p.m.)

 

Ed-boy: I call the bed
 

Dickie toes: me too
 

Ed-boy: rich its youre bed you dont have to call it
 

Stab: I'm also sleeping in the bed. I am not sleeping on the couch. Sorry to crash you two's party.
 

Dickie toes: whoo hoo 3some
 

Stab: If you so much as look at me the wrong way i'll kick you right out of the bed. 
 

Mikey: guess the rest of us has to share the couch lol 
 

Dickie toes: Went got out the air matress so there should be enough space for everyone 
 


(1:34 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: stan kicked me out of the bed :(
 

Candy corn: what did you do?
 

Dickie toes: I kept moving around
 

Candy corn: come into the living room
 

Dickie toes: k
 

Candy corn: oh! And bring some nail polish we'll paint each others nails like a true slumber party
 

Dickie toes: fuckk yes
 


(2:44 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: oh my fucking god 
 

Dickie toes: I went to climb back into bed and look what I found
 

Dickie toes: eddieandstancuddling.jpeg
 

Dickie toes: my favorite boys are cuddling !!! And theres no room left for me haha
 

Candy corn: lmao rich just come cuddle with me and ben
 

Dickie toes: get ready to get the shit cuddled outta you
 


(6:33 a.m.)

 

Jelly boy: why are my nails painted? 
 

Jelly boy: also why am i now cuddling with richie and not my girlfriend?
 

Milky bilk: richies your girlfriend now
 



Chapter End Notes
I actually have no idea for Ben's costume can y'all help me lol


Chapter 12
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Haha Richie's gay

 

(8:22 a.m.)

 
Grandpa: Richie why the fuck has your face been red since the beginning of class?
 
Dumbass: cause eds is really fucking cute today and I am gay
 
Grandpa: That explains it.
 
Queen: whats he wearing today?
 
Grandpa: Some shorts that he has no business wearing when its October.
 
Silly Billy: well to be fair its not that cold out today
 
Dumbass: its too much leg for me to handle 
 
Queen: rip
 
Silly Billy: lmao rich
 
Grandpa: Eddie just asked if he was sick or something. Lol.
 
Dumbass: dont laugh at my pain Stanley
 

Losers club

 

(8:36 a.m.)

 
Stab: Eddie why are you wearing shorts today? It's October.
 
Ed-boy: how bout u mind ur own damn business
 
Jelly boy: assdfghjk eddie
 
Candy corn: if eddie wants to dress like a ho let him
 
Ed-boy: shutup theyre comfy and besides my sweater balences it out
 
Mikey: how in the world does that make sense?
 
Jelly boy: youre wearing a sweater with shorts??
 
Ed-boy: leave me aloneeeee
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(8:52 a.m.)

 
Mooke: who are you tying to look good for??
 
Mooke: huhhh eds?
 
Kasbrwak: shut tge fuck up
 
Mooke: hahaha wow
 
Kasbrwak: like bev said, let me be a ho Mike
 
Mooke: asdfgjkkgsadgjjjd okay Eddie
 

Losers club

 

(9:07 a.m.)

 
Candy corn: richie meet me by the bleachers please
 
Dickie toes: be right there m'lady
 
Candy corn: never call me that ever again richard
 
Ed-boy: do you guys enjoy destroying your lungs?
 
Candy corn: yes
 
Dickie toes: yes
 
Candy corn: lmao jinx
 
Ed-boy: you know what go ahead I dont fucking care anymore.
 
Milky bilk: sigh
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(9:18 a.m.)

 
Silly Billy: great now eddies gonna be in a mood all day.
 
Grandpa: You enjoy that cause thankfully I have no more classes with him.
 
Dumbass: its not my fault he wants to b pissy
 
Grandpa: You two shouldn't even talk about smoking in the main group.
 
Queen: uh no imma talk about smoking when ever I want lol
 
Grandpa: Really I mean Richie. Eddie only gets this pissy with Richie.
 
Dumbass: its not fair tbh
 

Rich>>Eds

 

(10:23 a.m.)

 
Rich: you still mad at me?
 
Eds: rich im not mad. Im frustrated. I hate when you two smoke. Its so bad for you.
 
Rich: I know eds that's why I dont smoke as much as I used to. I swear I am cutting down
 
Eds: I know rich, im sorry I'm being such a downer
 
Rich: its okay eds I understand
 

Losers club

 

(11:44 a.m.)

 
Stab: Can someone please get me something to eat? I'm going to be a little late.
 
Candy corn: yeah no problem but why are you gonna be late?
 
Stab: I'm in the nurses office. Somebody accidentally elbowed me in the nose.
 
Candy corn: whose ass do I need to kick?
 
Stab: No one's, it was actually an accident.
 
Dickie toes: well fuck 
 
Milky bilk: im sorry stan are u okay???
 
Stab: Yeah I am. It doesn't hurt, it just bled a little bit. 
 
Milky bilk: I'll bring it to you 
 
Stab: Thank you Bill.
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(3:05 p.m.)

 
Mooke: have you asked anyone about getting a job?
 
Kasbrwak: no i haven't. 
 
Mooke: why not?
 
Kasbrwak: I dont know. I guess I dont want to bother them with my problems
 
Mooke: eddie youre not bothering us. We want to help.
 
Kasbrwak: yeah i know but still
 
Mooke: Eddie
 
Kasbrwak: Mike
 

Losers club

 

(4:22 p.m.)

 
Ed-boy: should I get a cold coffee or a hot one?
 
Stab: You don't need either one.
 
Ed-boy: :p
 
Mikey: get a frappuccino
 
Ed-boy: thank you mike, you're a great friend
 
Stab: Oh excuse me for not helping fuel your bad habits Eddie.
 
Ed-boy: you're excused  
 

Mike created a group and added Bill, Beverly, Stan, Richie and Ben

 

(5:07 p.m.)

 
Mike: hey guys I created this group in order for us to help Eddie cause i know hes not gonna ask on his own.
 
Bill: what does he need help with?
 
Mike: we talked the other day and he said that he wants to get a job and his learners permit
 
Bill: oh? Why all of the sudden??
 
Mike: he wants to be ready for when he leaves his moms house
 
Richie: and that day cannot come soon enough
 
Stan: Wow, I can't believe he didn't follow that with a mom joke.
 
Richie: I can be serious every once in awhile.
 

Richie changed the group's name to Free eds

 
Stan: Yeah, super serious.
 
Bill: why doesnt he just ask us?
 
Mike: you know Eddie, he doesnt like asking for help
 
Ben: well I think I still have my study book for when I took my permit test somewhere in my desk. I'll look for it in a bit.
 
Mike: that would be great Ben
 
Beverly: im glad that eddies thinking ahead I want him to be able to leave as soon as he gets the chance. He deserves to get out of there 
 
Mike: yeah I definatly agree
 
Bill: maybe the diner needs someone I can ask tomorrow
 
Mike: yeah that would be good
 
Richie: eddie just looked over at this chat and shook his head, he was smiling tho
 
Mike: Richie! 
 

Losers club

 

(5:26 p.m.)

 
Ed-boy: guys really??
 
Mikey: sorry Eddie just trying to help
 
Ed-boy: you dont need to do that
 
Mikey: just accept the help eddie 
 
Stab: We're going to do it anyway, so might as well get used to it.
 
Ed-boy: well when u put it that way
 
Ed-boy: what have you guys got?
 
Jelly boy: im going to find my old permit study guide for you to study. I only missed one question on my exam.
 
Ed-boy: oh thank you ben that'll be useful
 
Milky bilk: we've got ur back eddie okay we're all going to have your back the entire way
 
Ed-boy: thank you guys seriously. Its hard for me to ask for help sometimes.
 
Mikey: lord dont I know it
 
Candy corn: I understand eddie but sometimes you need others help. 
 

Bevvy>>Benny

 

(6:22 p.m.)

 
Bevvy: I wish you were here I want a hug
 
Bevvy: :(
 
Benny: you at home?
 
Bevvy: yeah?
 
Benny: give me 5 minutes
 
Bevvy: what?? Really????
 
Benny: yes really I'll be right there 
 
Bevvy: !!!!!!!
 

Losers club

 

(6:42 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: getchu a man who'll drive to your house just bc you want a hug
 
Candy corn: benonporch.jpeg
 
Milky bilk: awww I want a hug now too
 
Jelly boy: want me to drive over?
 
Milky bilk: asdfghjkk no im good ben thank you tho
 
Dickie toes: lmaooo Beverly you're one lucky lady
 
Candy corn: I know <3
 

Bevford>>Stanny

 

(7:46 p.m.)

 
Bevford: stan holy fuck
 
Stanny: Bev? 
 
Bevford: I told Ben I loved him tonight. By accident
 
Stanny: How did you accidentally tell him that?
 
Bevford: I don't know! He just came all the way to my house to give me a hug and he was about to leave and I was like " this is why I love you"
 
Bevford: and he just froze and looked at me and I realized what i had said and also froze
 
Stanny: What did he say?
 
Bevford: he laughed and said "you know i love you too" and i almost cried Stan.
 
Stanny: Then this is a good thing, right?
 
Bevford: yes and no. I just. I really wanted to wait until like a special occasion to tell him i loved him for the first time.. And my dumbass ruined it
 
Stanny: Beverly, you didn't ruin anything. I promise you.
 
Bevford: I know I'm just over thinking everything like usual. Thanks for keeping my head on straight Stan.
 
Stanny: Always Bev. 
 



Chapter End Notes
Thank you to everyone thats left a comment on this fic!! Im sorry if I didn't reply but I promise you that ive read and appriciate it so much!!!


Chapter 13
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




 

Bev>>Mikey

  

(8:25 a.m.)

  
Bev: hey Mike!! Would you mind going with me to the pumpkin patch today after school?
  
Mikey: yeah I dont mind it sounds fun!
  
Bev: mind keeping it on the dl? I dont want the others to know but I want us all to carve some together
  
Mikey: yeah and we can have a contest! We can do it at the barn if you want
  
Bev: YES thank you mike!
  
Mikey: no problemo
  

Losers club

  

(9:02 a.m.)

  
Ed-boy: assfghjkhdsaa guys when stan went to get up from his desk he tripped and fell right into tge floor fucking rip
  
Candy corn: hahahahahah Stan fell???
  
Dickie toes: oh how the turntables
  
Milky bilk: how????
  
Stab: I don't want to talk about it.
  
Jelly boy: skksksks
  
Ed-boy: he tripped over his bag
  
Dickie toes: stanonthefloor.jpeg
  
Stab: Fuck you guys.
  
Dickie toes: all of us?? At once?? Or one at a time??
  
Dickie toes: stan, u ho
  
Milky bilk: asdfghjkjfss
  
Stab: I'm not dignifying that with a response.
  
Mikey: the real question is: Stan are you okay?
  
Stab: Yes, im fine. Thank you Mike, you're the only good one in this group.
  
Mikey: does that mean ur gonna fuck me first?
  

Stab removed themselves from the chat

  
Dickie toes: asdfghjgsaadhjjhda MIKE
  
Ed-boy: I'm fuckn dead
  
Milky bilk: the betrayal
  
Mikey: no stan come back!!
  
Candy corn: OHMYGOD
  

Dickie toes added Stan to the group

  

Dickie toes changed Stan's name to Stab

  
Dickie toes: no escape
  

Stab changed Mikey's name to Brutus

  
Stab:


Et tu, Brute


?
 
Brutus: im sorry stan!! I just couldnt help myself 
  
Stab: You're on thin ice, Michael.
  

Bevvy>>Benny

  

(9:45 a.m.)

  
Bevvy: I have an idea for your costume!!
  
Benny: oh
  
Bevvy: a teddy bear
  
Benny: why?
  
Bevvy: bc youre my big ole teddy bear :)
  
Benny: °\\\° gasp
  
Bevvy: and theyve got bear masks for like 20 dollars!
  
Benny: that might work lol
  
Bevvy: oh and I dont need a ride today, before i forget to tell you
  
Benny: oh? Whos driving you
  
Bevvy: mike is I need his help with something that I may have planned this week thats a secret lol
  
Benny: im intrigued
  
Bevvy: good ;)
  

Beverly>>Greta

  

(10:12 a.m.)

  
Beverly: I went over the story last night and I seriously think we could have it finished by Friday! 
  
Greta: oh thank god im so sick of writting this stupid thing.
  
Greta: we still meeting up tomorrow?
  
Beverly: yepp
  
Greta: oh and I watched that movie you recommended me and you were right, it was right up my alley lol
  
Beverly: see! I told you im good at movie recommendations
  
Greta: you've definatly proved yourself
  

Rich>>Eds

  

(12:05 p.m.)

  
Rich: gonna mis lunch me and st n pricibles offcs
  
Eds: what thefuck??
  
Eds: richie????
  

Losers club

  

(12:13 p.m.)

  
Milky bilk: uh where is everyone??
  
Milky bilk: why am I the only one at the lunch table?
  
Milky bilk: is this how it feels to have no friends??
  
Candy corn: sorry Bill me and ben are eating together today 
  
Candy corn: if u kno wat I mean ;)
  
Jelly boy: were at the sandwich shop down the street lol
  
Mikey: oh shit sorry I'm in the library, i have a test next period forgot to tell y'all
  
Milky bilk: okay that explains you 3 but what about the other 3 im missing?? 
  
Milky bilk: stan??
  
Milky bilk: Eddie??
  

(12:22 p.m.)

  
Ed-boy: sorry Bill, richie just got sent to the principles office 
  
Candy corn: what???
  
Ed-boy: and also surprisingly Stan.
  
Milky bilk: WHAT
  
Candy corn: WHAT HAPPENED?
  
Milky bilk: where are you?
  
Ed-boy: outside the priciples office.
  
Milky bilk: im omw
  
Candy corn: what happened??
  
Ed-boy: I dont know? The only reason i know where they are is bc richie texted me
  
Ed-boy: so now im waiting for them to come out 
  
Ed-boy: so I can see what happened
  
Milky bilk: oh shit
  

(12:54 p.m.)

  
Stab: Everything's alright. We just got a verbal warning.
  
Jelly boy: what happened???
  
Dickie toes: that kid better be glad I didnt kill him
  
Stab: Richie.
  
Dickie toes: dont Stan. They dererve to know.
  
Ed-boy: I'm sorry stan but i agree with richie
  
Candy corn: if someone doesnt tell me what happened right fucking now I'm going to get pissed
  
Dickie toes: that dickhead Randy whatshisface cornered stan in the hallway and was calling him all sorts of shit
  
Dickie toes: and as it turns out stans nosebleed wasnt a fucking accident. It was that bitch!
  
Mikey: WHAT 
  
Milky bilk: stan is he telling the truth???
  
Stab: He is. I'm sorry for lying.
  
Milky bilk: please tell me you u got him richie
  
Dickie toes: of course I fucking did. I pulled him away from Stan and he didnt want to stop running his mouth so I fucking decked his ass
  
Candy corn: holy fucking shit 
  
Stab: That was satisfying to watch. 
  
 
  
Candy corn: stan why didnt you tell us?? 
  
Stab: He's just a bully. Eventually he would have lost interest. I didn't want to cause a big fuss over nothing.
  
Milky bilk: stan. He hurt you thats a big deal. 
  
Stab: I'm sorry guys. I should've told you what was happening. 
  
Ed-boy: its okay Stan I understand why you didnt 
  
Candy corn: you better believe it won't happen again. Im gonna be there everyday to get you to lunch.
  
Jelly boy: I dont usually resort to violence but if I see him try something else I'll pull a richie on him.
  
Candy corn: oh shit
  
Mikey: never thought i would see the day that Ben would take the offense
  
Stan: Thank you guys.
  

Big Bill>> Stan the man

  

(1:34 p.m.)

  
Big Bill: Stan please promise me that if anything else happens you'll tell me. I dont care if you want to keep it from everyone else, please just tell me.
  
Stan the man: Okay Bill, I promise that if anything else happens you'll be the first to know. Im sorry I didnt tell you Bill.
  
Big Bill: its okay stan i just feel bad that he did that to you. He better hooe I dont see his ass anytime soon
  

Losers club

  

(2:26 p.m.)

  
Candy corn: attention! Is everyone free on Saturday or Sunday afternoon?
  
Stab: I'm free both days.
  
Jelly boy: same
  
Dickie toes: I'm good for Sat
  
Milky bilk: im good for saturday as well
  
Ed-boy: im free all weekend
  
Candy corn: GREAT dont make plans for Saturday then cause ive got something planned.
  
Milky bilk: and what is that??
  
Candy corn: it's a suprise I'll let you all know more on Saturday.
  
Jelly boy: ohh this is apart of that ~secret~
  
Candy corn: yepp
  
Dickie toes: are we finally gonna have that orgy we always talked about?
  
Stab: Beep beep Richie.
  
Candy corn: asdfgghj no its Halloween related
  

Mikey>>Bev

  
(3:09 p.m.)
  
Mikey: im waiting by my truck for you
  
Bev: okay! Be right there
  

Big bill>>Stan the man

  

(4:15 p.m.)

  
Big bill: hey want to come get ice cream with me and georgie? I'll pay
  
Stan the man: That actually sounds great. Count me in.
  
Big bill: want me to pick you up?
  
Stan the man: Only if you promise me that your backseat is not a hazard zone.
  
Big bill: I promise it's clean
  
Stan the man: Then yes, please pick me up.
  

Losers club

  

(4:20 p.m.)

  
Dickie toes: 420 blaze it
  
Mikey: im sorry are u 12
  
Dickie toes: no im 13 
  
Candy corn: lmao richie
  
(4:38 p.m.)
  
Dickie toes: ohhh I caught mom anddad on a dateeee
  
Dickie toes: picofstanandbilleatingicecream.jpeg
  
Milky bilk: richie I s2g
  
Candy corn: awww they even brought georgie with them
  
Mikey: lmao
  
Stab: Get out of here before i kill you Richie.
  
Dickie toes: I will after i get me and eds some ice cream
  
Stab: Aren't you supose to be working?
  
Dickie toes: I left eds in charge lol
  
Ed-boy: I just really wanted some ice cream
  
Stab: How have you not been fired yet?
  
Dickie toes: okay im gone sorry for interrupting your date
  
Stab: The only thing you intterupted was my peace.
  

Stan the man>>Big bill

  

(5:03 p.m.)

  
Stan the man: Thank you for the ice cream Bill, I really enjoyed it. Especially after today.
  
Big bill: youre welcome stan
  

Haha Richie's gay

  

(6:36 p.m.)

  
Dumbass: sometimes I look at Eddie and everything just goes blank ya know. Like hes just so cute tHt everything else disappears.
  
Dumbass: in other words in so fucking gay guys
  
Queen: wow that was soft
™ 
Queen: but also I understand I do that with Ben
  
Grandpa: Is that why you never pay attention is history?
  
Dickie toes: asdfghh stan im trying to be soft here
  
Dickie toes: but also yes
  
Dickie toes: what am I going to do guys??
  
Grandpa: you already know my advice Richie.
  
Dickie toes: I knowwww
  

Losers club

  

(12:02 a.m.)

  
Candy corn: wow I can already tell u cannot sleep tonight rip me
  
Milky bilk: same
  
Candy corn: richie? Are you also awake?
  
(12:11 a.m.)
  
Candy corn: guess not
  
Candy corn: can u call me bill?
  
Milky bilk: yeh hold on
  
Candy corn: thank you
  



Chapter End Notes
Thanks to juice for the idea of ben going as a teddy bear


Chapter 14
Chapter Notes
Double upload!





Losers club

 

(8:55 a.m.)

 
Stab: I'm going to kill Eddie.
 
Trashy: why??
 
Stab: Them him why Eddie.
 
Ed-boy: I might have let richie drink an energy drink before school
 
Milky bilk: WHAT
 
Ed-boy: im sorry he just looked so tired this morning :(
 
Stab: He's acting like a fucking idiot. 
 
Candy corn: lmaooo 
 
Candy corn: how many did he drink?
 
Ed-boy: 1 
 
Candy corn: he should chill out by lunch then
 
Ed-boy: he may also have one in his backpack
 
Candy corn: EDDIE
 
Dickie toes: I am a grown man if I want energy I'll fucking get it
 
Jelly boy: wow this is gonna be a fun day
 
Ed-boy: I'm sorry he pulled out his puppy dog eyes 
 
Candy corn: those are strong to be fair
 
Stab: You're weak Eddie.
 
Ed-boy: i know :(
 


Milky bilk

 changed Ed-boy's name to Ed-die

 
Candy corn: lmao Ed-die 
 
Ed-die: wow thats a better name than the one I had
 

Greta>>Beverly

 

(9:33 a.m.)

 
Greta: I'm sure that we can get this done today 
 
Beverly: yes! thats the kind of attitude that we need
 

Losers club

 

(10:43 a.m.)

 
Stab: Is it three yet?
 
Candy corn: sadly no
 
Stab: sigh
 
Milky bilk: you okay?
 
Stab: Yeah i'm fine. This school just stresses me out.
 
Mikey: I completely agree
 

Billy boy>>Baby boy

 

(1:33 p.m.)

 
Billy boy: hey today you need to ride with me to the diner, I think I might have found you a job!
 
Baby boy: really?!
 
Billy boy: yeah i was talking to my supervisor yesterday and mentioned having a friend in need of a job and she told me to bring you by today
 
Baby boy: thats great!
 

Eds>>Rich

 

(1:43 p.m.)

 
Eds: dont wait up for me after school I'm riding with Bill today, he says he might have found me a job
 
Rich: oh?  Hope it goes well!
 
Eds: me too
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(1:48 p.m.) 

 
Dumbass: you really gonna steal my man like that Bill
 
Silly Billy: sorry richie
 
Dumbass: now imma b alone and bored all day :(
 
Queen: I can come today after meeting greta
 
Grandpa: I might be able to come by for a little while.
 
Dumbass: !!!! 
 

Losers club

 

(4:15 p.m.)

 
Ed-die: I just want to let evryone know that bills car is dirtier than ive ever seen before
 
Ed-die: absolutely horrible guys
 
Brutus: his car is always messy tho
 
Ed-boy: there's cough medicine spilled all over the passenger side floor
 
Brutus: ???
 
Milky bilk: it accidentally spilled!!
 
Stab: It was literally just clean, how did you mess it up that fast?
 
Stab: also why do you have cough medicine in your car?
 
Milky bilk: I had a cough
 
Stab: Yeah, like 2 weeks ago.
 
Milky bilk: I put it in my car and forgot to take it out and it spilled yesterday. Im going to clean it up eventually
 
Ed-die: my shoes are sticky :(
 
Ed-die: and as always theres fast food papers everywhere but also dirt (???) In the backseat
 
Dickie toes: wow Bill you dirty boy
 
Ed-die: oh and the worst part is that his rear view window isnt attached to this car anymore!! Its sitting on the dashboard!!
 
Stab: Bill. How are you seeing behind you?
 
Milky bilk: if i need it i just hold it up with one hand
 
Dickie toes: skksksks
 
Ed-die: i never thought i would miss riding in richies truck
 
Dickie toes: hey!! I keep my baby clean
 
Stab: Bill you need to fix your mirror, its dangerous not to have yours. 
 
Milky bilk: I know
 
Stab: I'm not going to ride with you again if your car is like that.
 
Jelly boy: omg Bill why??
 
Milky bilk: ok ok I get it guys im trashy okay
 

Dickie toes changed Milky bilk's name to Trashy 

 
Trashy: thanks richie
 
Ed-die: clean your car and you can change it
 
Trashy: eddie dont you have some better news to share to the group?
 
Dickie toes: hmmmmmm
 
Ed-die: oh yeah! Ive got a job!!!
 
Dickie toes: fuck yes!!!
 
Brutus: omg im so glad
 
Stab: What job is it?
 
Ed-die: a bus boy at the diner
 
Candy corn: eddie im so happy for you look at my little man growing up
 
Candy corn: *wips tear from eye*
 
Dickie toes: shes actually tearing up lmao
 
Ed-boy: thank you guys! 
 

Free Eds

 

(4:21 p.m.)

 
Mike: 1 down, 1 to go!!
 
Ben: I gave him my study guide a few days ago so hopefully hes studying them
 
Stan: He's probably not. You know he likes to wait until the last possible moment to do something. 
 
Mike: thats true. Well have to give him a deadline or something lol
 
Richie: shit now that eds has a job whose going to hang out with me after work :(
 
Bill: the diner closes at 6 so he should be done by 6:30 at the latest
 
Richie: B¬(
 

Losers club

 

(5:03 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: guess who just finished their English paper!!!
 
Candy corn: me bitches!
 
Jelly boy: whoo hooo
 
Dickie toes: you go girl
 
Ed-die: took you long enough
 
Candy corn: I know where you live Eddie.
 
Brutus: y'all should definatly get a good grade for it!
 
Candy corn: if we get any less than a b I will start shit
 
Milky bilk: lmao I don't blame you
 

(5:22 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: bevandstan.jpeg look at my beautiful friends
 
Dickie toes: i love them <3
 
Dickie toes: thank u for helping me in this dark time of need..
 
Jelly boy: time of need??
 
Dickie toes: my dear eds has abandoned me B'(
 
Ed-die: I didnt abandon you I got a job dickhead
 
Dickie toes: same differece
 
Ed-die: Stop being a drama queen.
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(5:34 p.m.)

 
Grandpa: Richie is acting like an abandoned puppy. Im so tired Bill.
 
Dumbass: heyyy 
 
Queen: sorry rich but its true. 
 
Silly Billy: richie youre gonna be ok. I thought I wanted eddie to get a job
 
Dumbass: I did! I just miss him. I liked spending time with him everyday 
 
Silly bilky: youre still gonna get to see him. He isnt gonna have to work every day
 

Losers club

 

(6:09 p.m.)

 
Ed-die: first day of working and I already hate it someone save me
 
Trashy: now whose being dramatic
 
Ed-die: I know. But for real thank you Bill.
 
Trashy: youre welcome Eddie
 
Dickie toes: are you done with work?
 
Ed-die: yepp and im already omw 
 
Dickie toes: !!!!
 
Stab: Thank God.
 
Candy corn: assdfghkkl
 
Ed-die: ???
 
Stab: Now he can bother you instead of me. 
 
Ed-die: stan you can leave whenever you want
 
Brutus: yeah but he wont bc he actually wants to spend time with richie
 
Stab: Lies and slander.
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(
6:17 p.m.)

 
Mooke: wow he really missed you today didnt he? ;))
 
Kasbrwak: shut
 
Kasbrwak: it doesnt mean anything, hes just being dramatic as always
 
Mooke: if you say so eddie
 

Losers club

 

(6:25 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: with the way rich just flug himself at Eddie you would think he hasn't seen him in years lmao
 
Candy corn: richiehuggingeddie.jpeg
 
Trashy: aww look at them
 
Jelly boy: eddie looks like hes plotting richs murder
 
Stab: Aren't we all.
 

(10:37 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: okay bitches 
 
Candy corn: meet me at Mike's tomorrow no later than 11:30!!!
 
Stab: Feeling bossy tonight?
 
Candy corn: please

?

Stab: That's better. I'll be there.
 
Jelly boy: I can't wait!













Chapter 15
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(1:32 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: good afternoon everyone it feels good to be the pumpkin carving master this fine day
 
Candy corn: beep beep bitch
 
Stab: I still say it was rigged. How much money did you slip Mike's granddad?
 
Dickie toes: you guys just cant understand what pure mastery looks like
 
Brutus: my granddad said he just liked richs best lol
 
Ed-die: maybe we shouldve had more than one judge
 
Candy corn: probably
 

Billy boy>>Baby boy

 

(1:45 p.m.)

 
Billy boy: whatcha up to today?
 
Baby boy: just sitting around the house
 
Billy boy: you think you could come over?
 
Billy boy: and maybeee help clean my car? Pwease
 
Baby boy: only if you buy me coffee all of next week
 
Billy boy: done
 
Baby boy: good can come get me when your ready lol
 
Billy boy: I'll be right there!
 

(2:54 p.m.)

 
Trashy: picofbillscar.jpeg
 
Trashy: its clean im changing my name now
 

Trashy changed his name to Billiam

 
Billiam: that's better
 
Ed-die: i give it two days
 
Stab: I give it 2 hours.
 
Billiam: stop bullying me
 
Ed-die: nah
 
Candy corn: I'm so tired but I dont wanna take a nap
 
Jelly boy: why not?
 
Candy corn: my naps end up lasting 5 hours
 
Brutus: just set an alarm or something..
 
Candy corn: I've tried that before I always end up waking up and turning it off lmao
 
Ed-die: not gonna lie a nap sounds amazing rn
 
Candy corn: come over and nap with me then
 
Ed-die: okay
 
Candy corn: really?? Yay!
 
Dickie toes: what?? No fair I have to go to work I wanna take a nap
 
Stab: Didn't you just wake up?
 
Dickie toes: yes but it doesnt matter
 

(3:02 p.m.)

 
Ed-die: im here let me in bev
 
Candy corn: omw

 
 
Jelly boy: how did you get there so fast??
 
Ed-die: I got Bill to drop me off
 
Stab: I knew someone had to have helped him clean his car.
 
Billiam: why do u automatically assume that??
 
Stab: Isn't that what happened?
 
Billiam: yes but still
 
Ed-die: thats why im ready for a nap tbh bills car was terrible
 
Billiam: :(
 
Ed-die: its ok Bill I still luv u
 
Billiam: :)
 
Candy corn: ight folks were taking a nap
 
Jelly boy: god i wish that were me
 

(4:59 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: if I was in a horror movie id be the first to die.
 
Jelly boy: why?
 
Stab: Because he makes dumb decisions.
 
Dickie toes: no bc id definatly try to fuck the bad guy
 
Jelly boy: tactically stans right too bc thats a bad decision
 
Billiam: of course that's ur answer
 
Brutus: ?????
 
Dickie toes: what like u wouldnt like to fuck Michael myers
 
Jelly boy: I would not
 
Billiam: I can see his point tbh
 
Stab: Not you too.
 
Brutus: asdfgghkj Bill no
 

(8:05 p.m.)

 
Ed-die: im never taking a nap with beverly ever again. Were just now waking up.
 
Candy corn: what can I say im a good cuddler 
 
Jelly boy: I agree 110%
 
Ed-die: I kinda dont even want to move might just stay here forever
 
Dickie toes: need a ride home? im bout to leave work
 
Ed-die: i suppose
 
Candy corn: nooo I won't let I take him
 

(8:15 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: here
 
Ed-die: uhhh i dont wanna move
 
Dickie toes:dont make me come in there
 
Candy corn: richie u have to come in anyway and gimme a hug
 
Dickie toes: true
 

(11:25 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: I would totally want to fuck jeepers creepers.
 
Dickie toes: and also Jason
 
Dickie toes: oh and that one dude from that movie where you thought he was a doll the entire time
 
Stab: Richie if you dont stop I will drive to your house and kill you now.
 
Billiam: careful stan that might just turn him on at this point
 
Dickie toes: ;)
 

Stab removed Dickie toes from the group 

 
Stab: I'll add him back in the morning.
 
Billiam: pffff okay Stan
 

Dick>>Willy

 

(11:33 p.m.)

 
Dick: billllll
 
Willy: he said hed add you back in the morning 
 
Dick: come on Bill
 
Willy: no try to go to sleep richie
 
Dick: ughhh
 

Losers club

 

(5:02 a.m.)

 
Candy corn: good morning everyone ive been up since 4!
 
Ed-die: good morning! Ive been up since 3 lmao
 
Candy corn: not everythings a contest Eddie
 
Ed-die: you're just saying that bc you're losing
 
Brutus: good morning!
 
Candy corn: hey does anyone want to go get breakfast?
 
Ed-die: YES
 
Brutus: that sounds good to me!
 
Candy corn: good cause were using your truck lmao
 
Brutus: oh okay ill be heading out soon then
 

Rich>>Eds

 

(5:12 a.m.)

 
Eds: hey meet me at the diner mikes picking me up for breakfast
 

Losers club

 

(6:43 a.m.)

 

Stab added Richie to the group

 
Stab: So he doesnt blow my phone up.
 
Candy corn: good morning Stan!
 
Stab: Good morning bev.
 
Brutus: come get some breakfast!
 
Stab: Yeah okay.
 
(7:22 a.m.)
 
Richie: wait i want breakfast!!
 
Richie: ew gross.
 

Richie changed their name to Dickie toes

 
Billiam: can someone pick me up a coffee im not gonna b able to come im runnimg late today
 
Dickie toes: yeah ill get it for u
 

(10:23 a.m.)

 
Dickie toes: y'all hear about the halloween party?? Weregoing right??
 
Stab: Who hasn't, thats what everyone has been talking about today.
 
Candy corn: I sure as hell am, sounds fun as hell
 
Stab: I would rather do anything else. Its on a school night.
 
Billiam: I can go but im not staying long.
 
Jelly boy: I guess I can go if your going bev.
 
Dickie toes: eds???
 
Ed-die: I can go but im leaving when Bill does
 
Dickie toes: YESS
 
Dickie toes: this is going to b so much fun!!
 

(11:24 a.m.)

 
Stab: I don't need an escort to every class guys. Im fine.
 
Dickie toes: sorry stan but its necessary
 
Stab: It's really not. I think you scared him real good.
 
Brutus: sorry stan just put up with it a little longer
 
Billiam: were worried he might try something for revenge 
 
Candy corn: please stan better safe than sorry. Let us take care of you for once
 
Stab: I guess I can deal with it for a little longer.
 
Jelly boy: good
 

(1:47 p.m.)

 
Jelly boy: god why is it so cold in the library? 
 
Stab: It's not that bad.
 
Jelly boy: You're literally wearing a sweater I'm just wearing a shirt.
 
Brutus: want me to bring you my jacket?
 
Jelly boy: yes please
 
Dickie toes: want me to come warm you up?
 
Dickie toes: with my body? 
 
Jelly boy: maybe next time rich
 
Billiam: where are you today rich?
 
Dickie toes: bleachers
 
Ed-die: are you smoking again?
 
Dickie toes: no actually im just chillin'
 
Candy corn: hes telling the truth i have our pack of cigs right now
 
Ed-die: good
 

Talking about our gay friends

 

(3:02 p.m.)

 
B-b-bitch: these two irritate me so much. Theyre basically already dating with how they act with one another
 
Red: I know. I saw them holding hands on the way to richies truck today
 
Red: rich said he was "keeping eds hand warm"
 
B-b-bitch: Oh my god.
 

Benboy>>Edboy

 

(4:55 p.m.)

 
Benboy: hey eddie can I get your opinion on something?
 
Edboy: yeah of course you can, whats up?
 
Benboy: well the other day bev told me that she loved me
 
Edboy: what??
 
Benboy: yeah when I went to hug her that day she said "this is why i love you" then kinda froze so i told her that i loved her too and we just havent said it again or talked about it?
 
Edboy: oh wow thats something
 
Edboy: has she acted wierd since then?
 
Benboy: no she hasnt acted any different really
 
Edboy: maybe shes waiting for you to say it first the next time? Thats all i can really think of
 
Benboy: I mean how though? 
 
Edboy: after your next date maybe
 
Benboy: do you think it'll freak her out? Like what if she didnt really mean it or something
 
Edboy: i wouldn't think so Ben. I can tell by the way she talks about you thats shes crazy for you. You two are unfairly adorable together. 
 
Benboy: thanks eddie I feel a little better now
 
Edboy: youre welcome Ben









Chapter End Notes
Okay guys the halloween chap is up next so I might upload it tonight But thats the last prewrote chapter so these updates might slow down a bit lol


Chapter 16
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(12:00 a.m.)

 
Candy corn: HAPPY HALLOWEEN
 
Dickie toes: fuckkkk yes ive reached my maximum power
 

(6:15 a.m.)

 
Candy corn: am i really tired rn? Yes
 
Candy corn: is my make up gonna be on point though? FUCK yes
 
Dickie toes: can u do mine??
 
Candy corn: yeah if u get ur ugly ass over here
 
Dickie toes: hey my ass is my best asset
 
Brutus: richie you have no ass
 
Dickie toes: wow way to make me feel bad Mike
 
Brutus: just telling it as it is 
 
Brutus: also why are you awake right now?
 
Dickie toes: couldnt sleep much last night
 
Candy corn: ahdidjebehjdb Mike
 
Candy corn: also im sorry rich
 
Dickie toes: hopefully you can make me look like a new man
 
Candy corn: just get over here
 

(6:53 a.m.) 

 
Ed-die: happy halloween everyone!
 
Ed-boy: im glad its cold bc I'm gonna wear my pumpkin sweater today
 
Dickie toes: youre suppose to look scary for halloween not adorable eds
 
Billiam: happy Halloween!! Georgies already pumped for later lol
 
Jelly boy: whats he going as??
 
Billiam: an alien lmao
 

(2:56 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: richie and Eddie, you two better be ready to meet me by richs truck bc I have to do both of ur make-up before we go the the haunted house
 
Dickie toes: uh she has a name
 
Candy corn: okay please meet me by Bertha
 
Dickie toes: thats better
 
Ed-die: yes ma'am
 

(3:02 p.m.)

 
Brutus: im pretty sure eddie is going to kill Richie
 
Billiam: what now?
 
Brutus: remember when rich grabbed bev from class
 
Billiam: yes?
 
Brutus: richie just did that to eddie but actually threw him over his shoulder
 
Candy corn: asddfhjkl yes
 
Jelly boy: I thought I heard him screech
 
Stab: Wow.
 
Ed-die: im still being carried
 
Jelly boy: asdfgghjudhd
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(4:04 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: Mike how in the world can this boy look so fucking dumb and still look good at the same time. 
 
Kasbrwak: hes wearing his costume and I have such mixed emotions
 
Mooke: haha omg does it look good?
 
Kasbrwak: yes him and bevs outfits are amazing as always
 
Mooke: I can't believe youre actually going to the party tonight
 
Kasbrwak: honestly, I can believe it either. Im kinda nervous.
 
Mooke: dont be we'll be there with you well besides stan of course
 
Kasbrwak: yeah thats true
 

Losers club

 

(4:36 p.m.)

 
Billiam: okay guys me, georgie and stan are already here and theres a maze, a haunted house tour and a hayride to do.
 
Stab: It looks way better than last year thats for sure. 
 
Billiam: when will you be done bev?
 
Candy corn: finishing up with eds make up then we'll be on our way
 
Dickie toes: I feel like I'm a 10/10 rn
 
Candy corn: richie youre always a 10/10 forget Ben im in love with you 
 
Jelly boy: beep beep Richie
 
Billiam: did you really just text that so you could reply to urself
 
Dickie toes: how did you guys know it was me
 
Stab: "Eds".
 
Billiam: "forget Ben" bev would never say that lol
 
Candy corn: can't trust rich to send one text smh
 
Ed-die: bev did an amazing job with our make up just wait til you see us
 
Dickie toes: is stan wearing a costume?
 
Stab: No i'm not and I won't.
 
Dickie toes: oh yes you are. I got u a costume.
 
Stab: I'll look ridiculous.
 
Ed-die: not to take riches side but if your afraid of looking dumb, more people will notice you for not wearing a costume.
 
Dickie toes: EXACTLY
 
Jelly boy: sorry stan but that is true lol
 
Billiam: lmao stan just locked his phone and put it in his jeans. He looks irritated cause 3 peple have already asked him why hes not wearing a costume.
 
Dickie toes: im gonna put a costume on him even if I have to force it
 

Benny>>Bevvy

 

(5:12 p.m.)

 
Benny: when are you getting here? I miss you :(
 
Bevvy: I'll be there soon teddy bear <3
 
Benny: :)
 

Losers club

 

(5:15 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: ben stop sexting beverly
 
Jelly boy: we're not sexting! How did you even know I was texting her??
 
Dickie toes: she gets a certain look on her face when its u lol
 
Ed-die: yepp all happy and lovey-dovey
 
Jelly boy: oh?
 
Candy corn: shut ur yaps!
 
Billiam: its funny bc I know what look u guys are talking about
 

(5:22 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: we're on the way now!
 
Ed-die: its colder out than I thought it would be
 
Candy corn: "you think its cold try wearing a fucking dress, my balls are frozen rn" -richie
 

(9:02 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: okay everyone whose ready to fucking party!!!
 
Stab: Not me.
 
Billiam: it okay stan imma drop you off at ur house first lol but im ready
 
Stab: Georgies been unsuccessfully trying to convence Bill to take him to the party all night.
 
Jelly boy: haha wow 
 
Ed-die: I guess im ready then
 
Candy corn: don't sound too happy about it
 
Candy corn: me and ben are ready!
 
Brutus: in already there lol yall should hurry up its fun as hell
 

Eddie>>Stan

 

(9:44 p.m.)

 
Stan: How are you doing? Is the party okay?
 
Eddie: You made the right decision, i'm already regretting coming.
 
Stan: Do you need me to come get you?
 
Eddie: no im gonna stay a bit longer
 
Stan: Let me know if you need me to come get you. I seriously don't care.
 
Eddie: its fine. But thank you Stan.
 
Stan: No problem Eddie.
 

Losers club

 

(10:33 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: where did mike go??
 
Billiam: I dont know mybe he went home?
 
Candy corn: haha wimp
 

(10:44 p.m.)

 
Candy corn: just a warning, do not drink the punch unless you want to be drunk that thing is pure alcohol
 
Ed-die: awshit I think i saw bill drinking some
 

My light>>My love

 

(11:02 p.m.)

 
My light: just a head up that I saw eddie drinking too and we both know hes a lightweight
 
My love: thank you I'll keep an eye on him
 
My light: are you not drinking tonight?
 
My love: nah I smoked earlier 
 
My light: oh okay
 
(11:39 p.m.)
 
Ed-die: ok can I olsssw go home noww??
 
Ed-die: bill?
 
Ed-die: feel dmsick
 
Candy corn: bills puking in the bushes rn
 
Candy corn: so i dont think he will b driving anyone home tonight
 
Candy corn: and he definatly had the punch
 
Ed-die: fuck
 
Dickie toes: I can drive you eds
 
Ed-die: you wnt to leave?
 
Jelly boy: you sure? I can take him home if you want to stay.
 
Dickie toes: im sure
 
Dickie toes: were also going to take bill you mind following me in bills car?
 
Jelly boy: yeah i can its about time we head out as well
 
Candy corn: :(
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(12:22 a.m.)

 
Dumbass: guys something just happened and im freaking out
 
Dumbass: when I layed eds down in my bed he grabbed ahold of my shirt and pulled me down towards his face
 
Dumbass: then giggled and kissed me on the nose before laying back dow 
 
Dumbass: like ???? My heart almost stopped
 



Chapter End Notes
Happy late Halloween!! Was planning on posting this last night but had to go to my own Halloween party lol


Chapter 17
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Haha Richie's gay

 


(

2:44 a.m.)

 
Queen: omg?? What?
 
Queen: riche?
 

(6:53 a.m.)

 
Grandpa: Im surprised you didn't up and die on the spot.
 

Losers club

 

(6:21 a.m.)

 
Stab: I dont guess anyone's up yet, but I hope you guys are planning on coming to school today.
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(6:55 a.m.)

 
Dumbass: haha yeah I think my heart definitely stoped for a few seconds tbh
 
Grandpa: Did he say anything to yok about it this morning?
 
Dumbass: nada
 

Losers club

 

(7:05 a.m.)

 
Brutus: I am. Even if I really don't feel like it.
 
Dickie toes: I am
 
Dickie toes: Eddie also is but stay clear hes in a horrible mood lol
 
Stab: I can imagine.
 
Stab: What about Bill?
 
Dickie toes: I dont think so hes still passed out in my floor. Bout to see if I can move him onto the bed before we head out lol
 
Stab: Do i need to pick Georgie up for school then?
 
Dickie toes: oh shit didn't think of that
 

Stab: I'll do it then.

 

Stan>>Georgie

 

(7:08 a.m.)

 
Stan: Hey Georgie, you need a ride to school?
 
Georgie: ye tht wld b good
 
Stan: Okay, i'll be there soon then.
 

Losers club

 

(7:12 a.m.)

 
Stab: Okay I'm gonna pick him up.
 
Dickie toes: okay I got Bill into my bed and sat an alarm on his phone for 1 lmao
 
Stab: One alarm might not wake him up.
 
Dickie toes: good thing I set 10 then
 
Brutus: lmao what song?
 
Dickie toes: spooky scary skeletons
 
Stab: I'm so glad halloween is over, im so tired of that being Bill's ringtone.
 
Jelly boy: I'll be at school but bevs not going 
 
Dickie toes: B(
 

Stan>>Eddie

 

(7:33 a.m.)

 
Stan: No one would say anything if you wanted to skip out today.
 
Eddie: I know i dont want to 
 
Eddie: im just tired really
 
Stan: Okay, just take it easy today
 
Eddie: okay dad
 

Losers club

 

(8:23 a.m.)

 
Dickie toes: im think im dying 
 
Dickie toes: please tell my future husband that I love him <3
 
Stab: Stop being dramatic. 
 
Dickie toes: im soooo tired tho and ive got work later :(
 
Ed-die: oh shit I forgot you had work today can someone give me a lift home today?
 
Stab: I can.
 
Ed-die: thank you
 
Dickie toes: im going to be alone at work today :((((
 
Ed-die: sorry rich
 
Brutus: I might b able to hang out for a bit
 
Dickie toes: ok I am a little less sad now
 
Brutus: [:
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(10:27 a.m.)

 
Mooke: I mean this in the nicest way but Eddie are you okay you look awful today
 
Kasbrwak: im finnneee i promise just not used to doing shit like that
 
Mooke: okay
 
Mooke: can I do anything for you?
 
Kasbrwak: yes please kill me
 
Mooke: no can do buckaroo
 
Kasbrwak: you said anything
 

Losers club

 

(10:37 a.m.)

 
Candy corn: good morning everyone!
 
Ed-die: must feel good to sleep in
 
Candy corn: it really does
 
Jelly boy: im glad you're feeling okay
 

(12:04 p.m.)

 
Billiam: UGH
 
Dickie toes: he lives
 
Billiam: why do I feel so bad
 
Dickie toes: we told you to stay away from the punch
 
Billiam: UGH
 

Big bill>>Stan the man

 

(12:54 p.m.)

 
Big Bill: thank you for getting georgie to school this morning. Mom woulda freaked if he hadnt gone today
 
Stan the man: You're welcome Bill. Hope you get to feeling okay.
 
Big Bill: me too lol
 

Bev>>Mikey

 
(1:21 p.m.)
 
Bev: what time did u leave the party last night?
 
Mikey: at like 1 or so 
 
Bev: ?? What? Where were u ?? Me and Ben looked EVERYwhere for u before we left
 
Mikey: really? Thats weird lol
 
Bev: yeah it is haha
 

Billy>>Bev

 

(1:27 p.m.)

 
Billy: I wish I wouldve listened to u I feel like shit
 
Bev: I'm sorry hun
 
Bev: are you still at richies?
 
Billy: yeah I am
 
Bev: imma stop by, okay?
 
Billy: thats fine im the only one here lol
 
Bev: good deal
 

Losers club

 

(1:41 p.m.)

 
Billiam: picofbeverly.jpeg a literal angel
 
Billiam: she brought me fast food and pain meds
 
Dickie toes: I love how ur just inviting ppl to my house now smh
 
Jelly boy: she really is an angel <

3


(3:27 p.m.)

 
Billiam: lmao guys georgie was looking at the shit richie posted on Twitter of us at the party and just
 
Billiam: turns and looks at me and says "your whole friend group has crackhead energy"
 
Billiam: oh except for Stan 
 
Dickie toes: asdfhjklwueitotoeo
 
Candy corn: lmao thats tru
 
Candy corn: except stan also has crackhead energy
 
Stab: I do not.
 
Candy corn: you hang out with us so yes you do lol
 
Jelly boy: wow
 
Brutus: excuse me I do not have crackhead energy
 
Billiam: well according to georgie we all do (except stan)





Stanny>>Bevford

 

(4:13 p.m.)

 
Stanny: Hey Bev, I want to get a houseplant for my room, do you have any suggestions?
 
Bevford: yes! Actually I think I have one that you would love! I can bring it tomorrow if you want
 
Stanny: Are you home now?
 
Bevford: ye
 
Stanny: Mind if I come over and get it now?
 
Bevford: no i dont mind wanna watch something with me? Ive got netflix already up and running 
 
Stanny: Yeah, that sounds fun.
 
Bevford: (:
 

Losers club

 

(5:42 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: mikes my new best friend 
 
Dickie toes: he's come to save me from my boredom 
 
Stab: You're such a dramatic bitch.
 
Dickie toes: You kiss ur mother with that mouth
 
Stab: No, but I kiss yours.
 
Candy corn: ohhhhhhh 
 
Jelly boy: lmao stan
 
Dickie toes: ive taught u well :,)
 

Benny>>Bevvy

 

(6:25 p.m.)

 
Benny: hey bev, whats up?
 
Bevvy: heyy Benny boo I'm watching cupcake wars with Stan lol
 
Benny: oh? Mind if I join?
 
Bevvy: I don't mind!  come on over the door is unlocked but please b quiet when u come in
 

Losers club

 

(6:39 p.m.)

 
Jelly boy: stanandbevcuddling.jpeg
 
Jelly boy: my skin is clear and my crops have been watered
 
Dickie toes: mMMMMᎷmmmm go౦ԁ sHit
 
Candy corn: skksksks y'all b quiet or he'll wake up
 
Jelly boy: shhhhhh
 
Dickie toes: sorry I wasnt thinking
 
Billiam: awww I love how cuddly Stan gets when he sleeps
 
Ed-die: lmao he turns into an octopus 
 

(7:35 p.m.)

 
Stab: Stop taking photos of me while asleep.
 
Jelly boy: Stop being cute and we will
 
Billiam: that's impossible Ben
 
Candy corn: lmao stans blushing
 
Stab: No im not, shut up.
 



Chapter End Notes
Okay were about to get into more plot shit soon lol


Chapter 18
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




 

Eds>>Rich

  

(5:33 a.m.) 

  
Eds: are you up?
  

(5:35 a.m.)

  
Eds: richie?
  

(5:43 a.m.)

  
Eds: I didnt think so
  

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

  

(5:45 a.m.)

  
Kasbrwak: hey this is me telling you its gotten worse. Can you please come get me?
  
Mooke: yeah ill be there asap 
  
Mooke: whats going on??
  
Kasbrwak: shes freaking out bc one of her friends ssaw me working at the diner
  
Kasbrwak: im getti g some clothes rn im not coming back here tonight
  
Mooke: thats probably a good idea 
  
Mooke: leaving my house now
  
Kasbrwak: thank you so much Mike
  

Rich>>Eds

  

(7:02 a.m.)

  
Rich: im up now are you okay??
  
Rich: EDDIE
  
Eds: yeah im fine, I'll tell you everything at school. 
  
Eds: Mike picked me up this morning so just meet me in the parking lot.
  
Rich: ok b there soon 
  

Losers club

  

(7:42 a.m.)

  
Ed-die: welp I just fell on my ass
  
Candy corn: that's a mood
  
Ed-die: this day started off shitty and has only got worse
  
Candy corn: ??
  
Billiam: what happened??
  
Ed-die: my ma flipped out about me having a job
  
Candy corn: ohh shit
  
Billiam: oh im so sorry eddie
  
Ed-die: im okay im staying with richie tonight. I just dont want to be in that house rn
  
Jelly boy: Eddie im so sorry that you've had such a bad day already
  
Candy corn: I'm coming to find you, u need a hug
  
Ed-die: thank u bev
  
Stab: Eddie i'm sorry about your mom. I wish we could do more to help.
  
Ed-die: its okay you guys already help me so much. Just by being here for me
  

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

  

(10:06 a.m.)

  
Mooke: you feeling any better?
  
Kasbrwak: yes I am thanks to everyone today
  
Mooke: im glad. You deserve so much better than what you get.
  
Kasbrwak: thank you Mike. Sometimes I get scared that I'll never be able to get out of there it feels so much like a prison. But when you guys are here for me I know I can bc you guys wont let me stay
  
Mooke: exactly Eddie. I would break into your house and drag you out before I let that happen.
  
Kasbrwak: asdffh I know
  

Bev>>Eddie

  

(10:32 a.m.)

  
Bev: Eddie im so sorry about your mom. Let me know if you need anything at all okay? 
  
Eddie: okay bev thank you, it means alot
  
Eddie: as for needing anything your hugs are enough for right now
  
Bev: imma hug you everytime I see you starting right now
  
Eddie: thank you 
  

Losers club

  

(3:47 p.m.)

  
Brutus: beverly, dont think you can keep my sweater. I expect it back in the morning
  
Candy corn: ??? When have I ever?
  
Brutus: all the damn time
  
Dickie toes: U have all my plaid shirts
  
Billiam: that hoodie that you bought me for my birthday last year. You literally 'borrowed' it a week later and never gave it back
  
Ed-die: those blue shorts of mine that ive caught u wearing at least 10 different times
  
Candy corn: ok ok i get it I'll bring your sweater back tomorrow :(
  
Brutus: thank you
  

Bevvy>>Benny

  

(4:05 p.m.)

  
Bevvy: I know this is random but I just thought about it
  
Bevvy: you know how we looked for mike the other day at the party before leaving and couldnt find him
  
Benny: yeah?
  
Bevvy: well mike told me that he didn't leave til 1 that at night?? 
  
Benny: ??? How? Did we just not see him
  
Bevvy: that's what I figured but I remember distinctly that mikes truck was gone when we left cause I looked for it
  
Benny: huh? So hes lying?
  
Bevvy: maybe? Or maybe he forgot whatbtime he left? idk its nothing probably
  

Losers club

  

(6:52 p.m.)

  
Jelly boy: why am I watching the road to do dorado rn?
  
Candy corn: bc you have great taste 
  
Brutus: I love that one!
  
Dickie toes: thats a amazing movie
  
Jelly boy: true I love it
  
Billiam: do you mind if I come over and watch it ith you??
  
Jelly boy: no come on over im only 10 mins in I'll even pause it for you
  
Billiam: omw
  
Billiam: can we watch emperors new groove afterwards??
  
Jelly boy: YES
  
Candy corn: fuckk I wish I could come :(
  
Billiam: sorry bev bens my man tonight
  
Candy corn: assffghhjk why does everyone want to steal my man??
  
Ed-die: uh because hes a fucking catch
  
Jelly boy: guys stoopp
  

(8:02 p.m.)

  
Billiam: and now were starting emperor's new groove
  
Jelly boy: heckk yeahh
  
Ed-die: good for you guys I'm stuck with rich watching shitty horror movies
  
Dickie toes: heyy theyre not that bad
  
Candy corn: what movie is it??
  
Ed-die: wrong turn 6
  
Candy corn: oh shit thats terrible lmao
  
Brutus: wow there's 6 of those??
  
Ed-die: unfortunately
  

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

  

(8:11 p.m.)

  
Mooke: you doing better?
  
Kasbrwak: yeah I am, being away from her tonight was just what i needed tbh
  
Kasbrwak: id rather be here watchi g shitty horror movies than with her anyway tbh
  
Mooke: you gonna use the movie as an excuse to get some cuddles ;)
  
Kasbrwak: as if i need and excuse lol you know richie
  
Mooke: haha I guess thats true 
  
Mooke: does that mean you're cuddling now?
  
Kasbrwak: maybe 
  

Losers club

  

(9:12 p.m.)

  
Ed-die: update: I may have used underhanded tatics
  
Ed-die: and put richie to sleep with my "magic fingers"
  
Ed-die: so now im watching four weddings lmao
  
Jelly boy: omg I love watching that show
  
Ed-die: I love any show thats a competition tbh
  
Billiam: haha wow
  
Candy corn: send pics or it didnt happen
  
Ed-die: richieasleeponeddie.jpeg
  
Candy corn: awww
  

Talking about our gay friends

  

(9:21 p.m.)

  
B-b-bitch: Beverly
  
Red: lmaoo I know
  
B-b-bitch: there is no way Eddie doesn't like him back im sure of it
  
Red: yeah I know I wish there was a way to know for absolutely certain
  
B-b-bitch: and the only way would be for him to tell one of us
  
Red: yeah but if he was gonna say sonething wouldnt he had said it by now
  
B-b-bitch: maybe 
  

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

  

(9:34 p.m.)

  
Kasbrwak: Mike if you allow me im gonna be very gay
  
Mooke: when have i ever stopped you before 
  
Kasbrwak: I just love sitting here and hiding him Mike. I just love the feeling of him in my arms. I wish it could always be this way.
  
Mooke: aww Eddie thats so sweet
  
Kasbrwak: fuck Mike I love him don't I?
  
Mooke: do you?
  
Kasbrwak: yeah I do. Later I'm totally gonna freak out about this but for right now im going to sleep.
  
Kasbrwak: goodnight
  
Mooke: I'll be here when you do, goodnight eds
 



Chapter End Notes
Fun fact: those 2 movies are my favorite animated moviesAlso looks like eddie had a revelation


Chapter 19
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 


(6:22 a.m.)

 

Kasbrwak: mike holy fuck
 

Mooke: good morning Eddie
 

Mooke: is it freak out time?
 

Kasbrwak: yess!!
 

Mooke: okay lay it on me
 

Kasbrwak: I love him. Like i know that shouldn't suprise me but
 

Kasbrwak: I always thought this would eventually go away you know
 

Kasbrwak: but this makes it more real. Like this isnt just some crush, I love him fuckkk
 

Mooke: nothing changed, you're gonna be okay Eddie
 

Mooke: everything's the same as it was before
 

Kasbrwak: what am i going to do?? I dont know how to act around him today
 

Mooke: do what u usually do, its gonna be fine I promise. You'll be at school soon. Just distance yourself from him today. Give yourself some time to process everything
 

Kasbrwak: okay okay thank you thats a good idea 
 

Kasbrwak: you always know exactly what to say to calm me down
 

Mooke: its from experience lmao
 

Kasbrwak: :P
 


Losers club

 


(6:35 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: my back hurts me and eds slept on the couch last night :(
 

Brutus: that sucks lol
 

Ed-die: sorry I was sleepy and didnt feel like waking u up to go to the bed
 

Stab: You two are up early.
 

Dickie toes: I blame the couch and Eddie bc he woke up first
 

Ed-die: went woke me up on his way to work
 

Brutus: morning Stan!
 

Stab: Good morning Mike.
 


(7:22 a.m.)

 

Candy corn: how are feeling this morning Eddie?
 

Ed-die: better
 

Candy corn: thats good!
 

Billiam: you going back to ur house tonight?
 

Ed-die: yeah I guess, she shouldve calmed down by now
 

Candy cane: :(
 


Free Eds

 


(10:52 a.m.)

 

Stan: Does anyone know if eddie has studied for his permit?
 

Mike: ive seen him studing a few times in study hall, why?
 

Stan: I'm going to take him sometime this week if i can. Especially after the shit his mom pulled yesterday.
 

Bill: good
 

Bill: hes off friday
 

Stan: That'll work
 


Stan>>Eddie

 


(10:56 a.m.)

 

Stab: Eddie are you busy this Friday?
 

Eddie: no im free whats up
 

Stab: I'm taking you to go get your learners permit.
 

Eddie: do i have any say in this
 

Stan: Yeah to say "okay Stan".
 

Eddie: okay Stan :(
 

Stan: You will thank me later. For now please study.
 

Eddie: I will
 


Free Eds

 


(11:06 a.m.)

 

Stan: Okay its official, Eddie's getting his permit Friday. 
 

Mike: oh shit
 

Stan: What?
 

Mike: i just realized that after that were going to have to teach him to drive
 

Stan: Fuck. I forgot about that.
 

Richie: can i teach him???
 

Stan: No. He needs to be taught in a car, Richie.
 

Bill: so that leaves me, you or Ben
 

Bill: i dont mind helping but i think it'll take all 3 
 

Stan: I agree we'll have to take turns
 

Ben: sounds good to me
 


Haha Richie gay

 


(1:21 p.m.)

 

Dumbass: is it just me or is eddie acting wierd??
 

Queen: oh hes definatly acting off but its prob bc of his mom or something
 

Dumbass: yeah that makes sense but idk it kinda seems like he's distancing himself from me?
 

Queen: huh? Why do u think that?
 

Dumbass: he didnt sit next to me at lunch and didnt talk to me much at all this morning
 

Silly Billy: like bev said hes prob just feeling bad and not even realizing hes doing it
 

Grandpa: I agree. If he does it for more than a few days then you can worry.
 

Dumbass: if you say so 





Losers club

 


(2:34 p.m.)

 

Candy corn: fuck yes I got a mf-ing a for me and gretas story!!!
 

Jelly boy: i knew you would!!
 

Billiam: thats great bev!
 

Brutus: !!!
 

Candy cane: I feel so proud of us like we really tried with this project
 

Candy cane: maybe we should get it published lmao
 

Billiam: id buy a copy 
 


Greta>>Beverly

 

(2:49 p.m.)
 

Greta: hey to celebrate our grade you wanna go get some coffee after school?
 

Beverly: yes that sounds great! Can I ride with u?
 

Greta: yeah thats fine
 


Bevvy>>Benny

 


(2:54 p.m.)

 

Bevvy: heyy im going to go get some coffee with greta to celebrate our a so im not gonna need a ride today
 

Bevvy: I will however need a hug!
 

Benny: haha I will make sure you get it
 

Bevvy: u better
 


Pumpkin>>Mikey moo

 


(3:12 p.m.)

 

Pumpkin: hey im going to meet you a little later than planned 
 

Mikey moo: okay, how much later do you think?
 

Pumpkin: me and beverly are going for coffee to celebrate our grade so whenever were done I'll text u
 

Mikey: oh that sounds nice! See you in a little bit then
 

Pumpkin: <3
 

Mikey moo: :)
 


My light>>My love

 


(3:32 p.m.)

 

My light: good news imma come by to hang out with you until you get off as long as I take me home after lol
 

My love: yes!!! Im so glad its been so boringggg today 
 

My light: oh also greta is with me
 

My love: oh?
 

My light: yeah we got coffee to celebrate lol so i thought id bring her by
 


Eds>>Rich

 


(5:23 p.m.)

 

Eds: hey im not gonna stop by today cause im feeling bad :(
 

Rich: whats wrong???
 

Eds: im just not feeling good nothings really wrong per say
 

Rich: oh okay, I hope u get to feeling better let me know if you need my healing touch ;)
 

Eds: thanks trashmouth
 


Losers club

 


(5:41 p.m.)

 

Candy corn: oh shit I forgit to cahnge my name after Halloween
 


Candy corn changed their name to Candy cane

 

Candy cane: better
 

Candy cane: time for Christmas/Hanukkah
 

Jelly boy: what about thanksgiving
 

Candy cane: fuck thanksgiving
 

Dickie toes: fuck thanksgiving
 

Jelly boy: wow okay I like thanksgiving tho :(
 

Dickie toes changed Jelly boys name to Gobble
 

Brutus: lmaooo
 


Brutus changed his name to Moo

 

Moo: thats better haha
 

Dickie toes: ive mourned hallowen long enough now its time to shove a christmas tree up my ass
 

Ed-die: your so fucking disgusting
 

Dickie toes: u kno it baby ;)
 

Stab: Thank you for including me Beverly.
 

Candy cane: your welcome Stan <3
 

Dickie toes: dont let her fool u I was the one that reminded her lmao
 

Candy cane: shut the fuck up trashmouth
 

Stab: Hmmm?
 

Candy cane: I would've remembered with or without him I promise
 

Stab: I guess I'll believe you.
 


(12:38 a.m.)

 

Candy cane: why can't I fucking sleep??
 

Gobble: im sorry bev
 

Candy cane: whyre u up???
 

Gobble: finishing homework lmao
 

Dickie toes: haha nerd
 

Candy cane: sleep is for the weak
 

Dickie toes: im weak then cause im gonna pass out soon
 

Candy cane: god i wish that was me
 

Gobble: you should drink some hot coco it knocks me out
 

Candy cane: hmmm sounds like a good idea
 


(7:02 a.m.)

 

Candy cane: holy shit it worked







Chapter End Notes
Yep, saintkitten, you called it! Im so glad someone figured it out before I posted this chapter lolAlso I honestly had no idea I was going to have them together when I started this Also please dont hate me for it, I know its an odd ass choice


Chapter 20






Mike>>Stan


 


(7:12 a.m.)


 

Mike: 

Good morning Stan!


 

Stan: 

Good morning Mike, how are you doing this morning?


 

Mike: 

im good look at me and Bob


 

Mike: 

selfieofmikeandasheep.jpeg


 

Stan: 

Aw he looks cute today.


 

Mike: 

ahem


 

Stan: 

You look alright.


 

Mike: 

wow no more bob pics for you then


 

Mike: 

gonna give a guy a complex


 

Stan: 

Oh no what ever should I do? No more sheep pictures?


 

Mike: 

don't act like you dont enjoy them


 

Stan: 

Okay, I might enjoy them a little bit.


 

Mike: 

:D


 


Losers club


 


(7:29 a.m.)


 

Gobble: 

how's everyone doing this morning?


 

Moo: 

im good! How are you Ben?


 

Gobble: 

tired :(


 

Candy corn: 

thats what u get being up that late young man


 

Gobble: 

i knoww


 

Ed-die: 

I would b good if SOMEONE would hurry up at get here


 

Dickie toes: 

im omw!!


 

Stab: 

That's what you get depending on Richie for a ride to school.


 

Dickie toes: 

kiss my ass stanley


 

Billiam: 

im just now waking up lmao kill me


 

Candy cane: 

lmao wow Bill


 


(9:05 a.m.)


 

Dickie toes: 

hit or miss


 

Dickie toes: 

guess they never miss huh?


 

Candy cane: 

got a boyfriend


 

Candy cane: 

bet he doesnt kiss ya!


 

Dickie toes: 

MWAH


 

Candy cane: MWAH

 

Gobble: 

????? What??


 

Stab: 

Its Beverly and Richie, why are you even trying to question it?


 

Dickie toes: 

im glad to have someone thats on my wavelength 


 

Candy cane: 

samee


 


(10:24 a.m.)


 

Ed-die: 

this place is a hell hole


 

Ed-die: 

like a literal roach ran across my shoe earlier in class


 

Ed-die: 

like bitch, I hate this place


 

Candy cane: 

holy shit thays gross


 

Dickie toes: 

did u scream


 

Ed-die: 

....yes


 

Billiam: 

lmao but also gross


 

Moo: 

yeah this place is gross as hell


 


Mikey moo>>Pumpkin


 


(11:19 a.m.)


 

Mikey moo: 

you look wonderful today as always


 

Pumpkin: 

why thank you, you look pretty good as well ;)


 

Mikey moo: 

°///°


 


Billy>>Bev


 


(1:05 p.m.)


 

Bev: 

want to skip last period with me? I wanna go get some coffee lol


 

Bev: 

I might also want to vent so be prepared lol


 

Billy: 

fuck yes I do and thats fine


 

Bev: 

sweet meet me outside


 


Dick>>Willy


 


(2:12 p.m.)


 

Dick: 

the one fucking time i show up for this class and your not here


 

Willy: 

lmao sorry rich 


 

Dick: 

ur dead to me


 


Losers club


 


(2:33 p.m.)


 

Dickie toes: 

fuckkkk I hate this class fuc u Bill


 

Billiam: 

ive already apologized


 

Moo: 

you're actually in class???


 

Dickie toes: 

yes but never again Bills not here


 

Moo: 

Bill where are you?


 

Billiam: 

ditchin


 

Ed-die: 

lmao rich thats karma for u always skipping and leaving Bill by himself


 

Dickie toes: 

B¬[


 


Bevvy>>Benny


 


(3:06 a.m.)


 

Bevvy: 

heyy bills taking me home today we skipped last period lol


 

Benny: 

oh ok you feeling okay?


 

Bevvy: 

yeah im alright just tired I guess I'll see you later right?


 

Benny: 

definatly


 

Bevvy: 

good!


 


Edboy>>Benboy


 


(2:44 p.m.)


 

Edboy: 

hey ben!


 

Bedboy: 

hey eddie whats up?


 

Edboy: 

you tell bev yet?


 

Benboy: 

not yet :(  keep chickening out 


 

Edboy: 

im sorry Ben


 

Benboy: 

like I really want to but I cant seem to get the words out


 

Edboy: 

maybe you dont have to say them


 

Benboy: 

???


 

Edboy: 

write her a poem! Like that one you did before


 

Benboy: 

thats actually a great ideA


 

Edboy: 

yeah I have them sometimes


 

Benboy: 

thank you eddie I'll have to repay you sometime


 

Benboy: 

imma start working on it now and hopefully it'll be done by this Saturday


 

Edboy: 

you have 3 days i think you'll be fine


 

Benboy:

 it has to be perfect


 


Bev>>Billy


 


(3:38 p.m.)


 

Bev: 

thank you for lettimg me vent my problems


 

Billy: 

youre welcome I dont mind at all


 

Bev: 

<3


 

Billy: 

:~D


 


Rich>>Eds


 


(3:55 p.m.)


 

Rich: 

hey eds wanna hang out for a bit tonight? Ive been dying for a reason to sneak in ur window


 

Eds: 

not tonight rich, im already exhausted and moms still in a horrible mood i kinda just want to pass out when i get home


 

Rich: 

oh okay im sorry


 

Eds: 

its fine rich, I'll see u in the morning


 

Rich: 

hell yeah u will B¬)


 


Richard>>Stanley


 


(4:33 p.m.)


 

Richard: 

hey can I come over please


 

Stanley: 

Yeah, i'm home. You okay?


 

Richard: 

yeah ill b there soon


 


Losers club


 


(4:41 p.m.)


 

Dickie toes: 

stans a secret softy™


 

Moo: 

how so?


 

Dickie toes: 

I found a scrapbook with photos of all of us together lol 


 

Stab: 

Stop going through my stuff trashmouth.


 

Ed-die: 

why are you in stans room?


 

Dickie toes: 

im trying to seduce him so far its not working :/


 

Moo: 

asdfg g hj


 

Stab: 

You're not my type Richie

.

 

Dickie toes: 

just break my heart Stanley


 

Billiam: 

aww he has photos of us?


 

Dickie toes: 

yepp some are from middle school, man did we glow up since then 


 

Candy cane: 

thats so fucking cute Stan


 

Dickie toes: 

losersatquarry.jpeg look at our baby faces lol


 

Gobble: 

nooo not those 


 

Candy cane: 

but Ben you look so cute <3


 

Stab: 

Next time you ask to come over I'm saying no.


 

Dickie toes: 

we both know that's a lie 


 


Bevford>>Stanny


 


(5:10 p.m.)


 

Bevford: 

is richie okay?


 

Stanny: 

Why wouldn't he be?


 

Bevford: 

bc hes at ur house


 

Bevford: 

he literally only goes over there when he's feeling bad and we both know it


 

Stanny: 

Eddies still acting off and Richie's afraid he did something that upset him. I'm trying to calm him down.


 

Bevford: 

wtf? 


 
Stanny: Yeah, i'm not sure Eddie even realizes hes doing it. You know how richie worries when it comes to him. Hopefully Eddie stops soon.
 

Bevford: 

me too i hate seeing rich upset


 


Losers club


 


(8:56 p.m.)


 

Dickie toes: 

making some mac and cheese for dinner my dudes


 

Gobble

: why?


 

Dickie toes: 

cause maggie is making meatloaf and fuck that mess


 

Candy cane: 

dude ur moms meatloaf is amazing why would u want mac and cheese instead??


 

Dickie toes: 

i dont like meatloaf lol and its the kind that looks like spongebob


 

Gobbke: 

the best kind


 

Dickie toes: 

exactly


 

Billiam: 

wow I want some now i wonder if we have any


 

Billiam: 

holy shit we do imma fix it


 

Dickie toes: 

yes join me


 

Moo: 

I will agree that that mac and cheese is the best


 

Dickie toes: 

:)


 

Stab: 

You need to eat some meatloaf too, even if its just a couple of bites.


 

Dickie toes: 

why??


 

Stab: 

Because you haven't eaten all day.


 

Dickie toes: 

okay fine


 

Gobble: 

I love when stan acts like a parent lmao


 

Billiam: 

stan is definitely the mom of the group


 

Dickie toes: 

yeah and ur the dad lmao im the cool uncle


 

Stab: 

More like weird cousin.


 

Dickie toes: 

stop bullying me :(


 


(9:44 p.m.)


 

Gobble: 

guys help I can't stop playing animal crossing


 

Stab: 

Just put the game down Ben.


 

Gobble: 

its not that simple


 

Stab: 

It really is.


 

Ed-die: 

fuck now I wanna play


 

Gobble: 

dont do it save urself


 

Ed-die: 

too late


 

Stab: 

Great.


 

Candy cane: 

let them have their fun


 

Stab: 

It's fun now, but it won't be in the morning.


 

Moo: 

spoil sport


 

Stab: 

Thanks Mike.


 

Billiam: 

you guys better listen to your mother.


 

Gobble: 

okay dad


 

Stab: 

I hate this chat.


 

Candy corn: 

no you don't


 

Dickie toes: 

u love us


 

Stab: 

You can't prove anything, bitch.


 



Chapter 21
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(7:11 a.m.)

 
Billiam: rise and shine ~
 
Dickie toes: the only thing thats riseing this morning is my dick
 
Stab: I'm this fucking close to unadding you.
 
Dickie toes: do it coward
 
Billiam: no!
 
Stab: Don't test me.
 
Moo: good morning everyone :)
 
Stab: Good morning Mike.
 
Gobble: hey guys, any plans for today?
 
Dickie toes: to hang dong ;)
 
Gobble: other than richie
 
Candy cane: sksksksk
 
Billiam: I have work later rip
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(8:03 a.m.)

 
Mooke: hey eddie how have you been doing? Havent heard much from you
 
Kasbrwak: im doing alright I guess
 
Mooke: how's the richie situation
 
Kasbrwak: awful. I've been so akward around him I dont even know what im doing
 
Mooke: u havent been avoiding him have you?
 
Kasbrwak: uhhh maybe? I mean not all the time 
 
Kasbrwak: im just afraid he'll just know somethings up
 
Mooke: okay please just promise me you won't do it for long, itll just hurt both of you
 
Kasbrwak: I kno I already miss him :(
 
Mooke: im sorry Eddie
 

Losers club

 

(9:44 a.m.)

 
Gobble: why the hell is all-star stuck in my head?
 
Candy cane: bc u have taste
 
Dickie toes: isnt that just what plays in ur head 24/7 when ur st8?
 
Moo: sksksksksk richie
 
Billiam: lmao
 
Gobble: :(
 

Baby boy>>Billy boy

 

(10:22 a.m.)

 
Baby boy: can i ask u a question?
 
Billy boy: yeah?
 
Baby boy: why am i such a shit person bill?
 
Billy boy: Eddie you're not a shit person
 
Baby boy: I am though :(
 
Billy boy: why do u think that?
 
Baby boy: bc I always hide from my problems and I can't do anything on my own
 
Baby boy: I mean you had to help me get this job, stans basically having to force me to get my permit. 
 
Baby boy: any time something happens my first instinct is to run from the problem 
 
Baby boy: I dont know why you guys even bother with me
 
Billy boy: okay first of all, Eddie you are a great person and i love you. Secondly we "bother with you" because you are our friend.
 
Billy boy: its okay to be scared and hesitant to do things, thats why you have us to help okay. 
 
Billy boy: and everyone runs from their problems sometimes, not just u
 
Baby boy: youre right Bill, im sorry I'm just stressed rn
 
Billy boy: theres nothing to be sorry for, I'll be here whenever you need me 
 
Baby boy: im glad that were friends, thank you for always being here for me
 
Billy boy: and thank you for always being there for m

e


Losers club

 

(10:36 a.m.)

 
Candy cane: I kinda want to chop off all my hair again
 
Candy cane: like im tired of all this on my head I miss haveing no hair :(
 
Candy cane: but at the same time I also love my length right now?? 
 
Candy cane: what should do??
 
Moo: you could always shave the underneath and leave it long on top?
 
Candy cane: Mike ur a genius
 
Candy cane: that sounds perfect
 
Gobble: wow that would be great bev!
 
Dickie toes: thats better than my idea which is shave it off and make a wig of your own hair and wear it when u want hair
 
Candy cane: asdffghhkl no richie
 
Gobble: hahahahahah omg
 
Candy cane: any how, who knows how to shave good?
 
Billiam: I think you should go to a salon to do it
 
Candy cane: I should but we both know i won't
 
Billiam: dont come crying to me when it turns out bad then lol
 
Candy cane: :P
 

Haha Richies gay

 

(1:23 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: guyss i know y'all told me I'm just over thinking but its not getting better, just worse!! This morning we didnt talk at all!
 
Dumbass: same thing in class and in lunch he didnt even sit beside me like usual
 
Dumbass: whats going on??? Did i do something??? 
 
Grandpa: Okay, I agree its wierd, but it doesn't mean you did anything wrong. Eddies been going through a lot recently.
 
Silly Billy: yeah he's been feeling bad, he was talking to me earlier about it
 
Dickie toes: hes talking to u about it?? What did he say?
 
Silly Billy: nothing really just that he feels bad that we have to do things for him all the time and shit
 
Dickie toes: but why won't he talk to me about it?? Usually we talk to each other about everything?
 
Queen: im sure there's a logical reason richie, please dont stress about it 
 
Dickie toes: no promises
 

My love>>My light

 

(3:21 p.m.)

 
My love: hey wanna come with me to see that dumb looking scary movie tonight?
 
My light: uh hell yeah
 
My light: wait wasnt eddie suppose to go with u?
 
My love: he cancelled on me cause of course he fucking did haha fuck amiright?
 
My love: but dont worry hes def not avoiding me :)
 
My light: oh fuck rich im sorry 
 
My love: its fine its fine 
 
My light: well its his fucking loss cause were gonna party
 
My love: fuck yes we are wanna smoke at my house before we go?
 
My light: uh fuck yyeah
 
My love: ok I looked up showings b ready by 6, we gotta be there by 7 
 
My light: will do baby cake ;)
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(4:54 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: my moms on a rampage again haha
 
Mooke: why?? Are you okay?
 
Kasbrwak: yeah im fine shes just mad that I have a life outside of her as usual
 
Kasbrwak: and to make matters worse i think i really hurt richs feelings earlier
 
Mooke: how?
 
Kasbrwak: I was suppose to hang out with him today but I freaked out cause it was so much like a date. We were suppose to go to the movies and I just can't handle that right now.
 
Mooke: eddie I know your freaked out but you can just run from this
 
Kasbrwak: i know I feel like shit :(
 
Mooke: it's okay eddie 
 

Losers club

 

(6:23 p.m.)

 
Candy cane: guys you will not believe what just happened sskjavagaks
 
Candy cane: I pissed myself laughing omfg adfghklp
 
Billiam: ????? Tell us!!
 
Candy cane: so I was chillin on richies bed waiting for him to get ready bc AS ALWAYS he wasnt ready at the time i told him to be
 
Candy cane: he went to take a shower and everything was okay, but about 3 minutes into his shower I hear a big bang followed by richie screaming "fuuuuuuucccckkkkk"
 
Moo: he fell???
 
Candy cane: lmao yes
 
Ed-die: is he okay???
 
Candy cane: no eddie hes dead obviously
 
Ed-die: >:(
 
Billiam: what happened??
 
Candy cane: so i walk uo to the door and knocked but all i heard was groaning so i of course came in and richie laying in the shower ass up skksksks
 
Candy cane: he broke the cold water faucet handle
 
Billiam: asdfghhkkl ur poor eyes
 
Candy corn: sksks ive seen him in worse positions
 
Moo: okay ignoring that comment
 
Jelly boy: omg hes gonna feel that later
 
Ed-die: not that this isnt hilarious but he didn't hit his head or anything right? Because concussions can be very serious
 
Dickie toes: im okay eddie the only thing that hurts is my knees and my elbow oh and also my pride lol
 
Stab: This doesn't suprise me.
 
Candy cane: were gonna have to buy u one of those mats for the bathtub
 
Moo: sksksks thats all ur getting for Christmas now
 
Dickie toes: guyyyss
 
Candy cane: sorry sorry please finish getting dressed so we dont miss the movie
 
Dickie toes: aye aye
 

Losers club

 

(7:14 p.m.)

 
Gobble: guys im so freaked out rn
 
Gobble: ive been watching true crime videos on youtube all day
 
Gobble: moms not home so im all by myself 
 
Gobble: ive locked the doors but im freaked out
 
Billiam: why did u do that to urself??
 
Gobble: theyre just so damn interesting I can't help but keep clicking??
 
Gobble: but omg im so freaked out
 
Ed-boy: if i come over will you open the door??
 
Gobble: YES
 
Ed-boy: omw
 
Stab: What? Are you going to walk it?
 
Ed-boy: yeah? Ben lives like 5 minutes away
 
Gobble: please just b careful
 
Gobble: theres some crazy people out there
 
Ed-die: I'll be fine
 

(8:21 p.m.)

 
Candy cane: omg Ben im sorry I put my phone on silent are u okay???
 
Ed-boy: he's fine were watching tiktoks now lol
 
Gobble: eddie wouldnt let me watch another one 
 
Candy cane: good
 
Moo: lmao
 

Bevford>>Stanny

 

(8:31 p.m.)

 
Bevford: eddie blew richie off today bc he didnt feel like goin to the movies, but apparently felt good enough to walk all the way to bens house
 
Bevford: ???
 
Stanny: Okay, something might really be going on. 
 
Bevford: Yeah whats going on is im about to whip eddies ass
 
Stanny: No, you're not. Give it some time. If its still going on tomorrow, i'll talk to him after his permit test.
 
Bevford: okay. I just hate seeing rich mope like this :(
 
Stanny: I know, I dont like it either.
 

Haha Richies gay

 

(9:02 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: okay im not crazy, eds is definatly avoiding me
 
Dumbass: he literally canceled on me and then walked to bens house to hang out with him???
 
Dumbass: and you know what if hes gonna ignore me then im gonna ignore him fuck it
 
Grandpa: Richie, that's not a good idea. It won't solve anything.
 
Dumbass: well im not gonna be at school tomorrow so theres that 
 
Dumbass: one of u can pick him up I guess 
 
 

Dumbass: im going to bed
 



Chapter End Notes
I spend my off day from work curled up in front of my heater, playing animal crossing and watching true crime videos on YouTube lol


Chapter 22
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Willy>>Dick

 

(6:28 a.m.)

 
Willy: so r u seriosly ditchin today or what?
 
Dick: im ditchin dont wanna b there today, please pick up eds
 
Wilky: okay
 

Billy boy>>Baby boy

 

(6:34 a.m.)

 
Billy boy: hey I'm gonna pick you up today richies not going to school
 
Baby boy: ??? Why didnt he tell me
 
Billy boy: im not sure?? Maybe he was gonna tell u this morning, we were texting late last night
 
Baby boy: oh okay I guess
 

Eds>>Rich

 

(6:43 a.m.)

 
Eds: you feeling okay?
 

Dick>>Willy

 

(7:22 a.m.)

 
Dick: you picked eds up right?
 
Willy: yeah i did
 
Dick: thank you
 
Willy: no problem
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(7:41 a.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: okay somethings up
 
Kasbrwak: richie told bill to pick me up bc he wasnt coming to school today but didn't say anything to me ??
 
Mooke: thats odd??
 
Kasbrwak: i know right, do you think hes feeling okay?
 
Mooke: idk I'm sure its nothing
 
Kasbrwak: hopefully
 

Losers club

 

(7:52 a.m.)

 
Stab: Its so wierd that no one has texted the group chat yet this morning. You guys okay?
 
Moo: im good! Just waiting for class to start rn lol
 
Billiam: same 
 
Stab: Why is it that I just saw eddie come in alone? Wheres Richie?
 
Billiam: hes not coming
 
Gobble: oh? 
 
Billiam: he told me last night that he wasnt coming guess he doesnt feel good 
 

Haha Richies gay

 

(8:47 a.m.)

 
Stab: I honestly didn't expect you to not show up, Richie. I thought you were just talking crap.
 
Queen: what? He's not here??
 
Dumbass: im at home in bed lol bout to go back to sleep until work 
 
Queen: :(
 

Benboy>>Edboy

 

(11:02 a.m.)

 
Benboy: hey you feeling okay today? You look sad
 
Edboy: am i that transparent??
 
Benboy: sorry eddie but yes u wear ur emotions right on your face lol
 
Bedboy: but like are you okay?
 
Edboy: yeah I'm fine its stupid
 
Benboy: if it's making you sad its not stupid
 
Edboy: thanks ben but really im fine
 
Benboy: if u say so
 
Edboy: how's the poem going?
 
Benboy: good! I'll have to show you later on, so you cn tell me what u think
 
Edboy: yeah definitely
 

Losers club

 

(11:27 a.m.)

 
Gobble: can I just drop out and live in a box behind taco bell?
 
Candy corn: only if I can come with you
 
Gobble: deal
 
Moo: hi welcome to my youtube channel im going to be doing a house tour today
 
Moo: picofcardboardbox.jpeg
 
Moo: okay thats it pls sub
 
Gobble: thats the dream right there
 
Billiam: I kinda want to just buy one of those vans that you can put a matress in the back and just live in it
 
Billiam: like its an urge thats always in the back of my head
 
Candy corn: that sounds dope
 
Ed-die: I could always just go live under the kissing bridge like a troll 
 
Stab: You guys are fucking wierd. 
 
Billiam: love you too Stan
 

My light>>My love

 

(12:18 p.m.)

 
My light: enjoying ur day off baby boy?
 
My love: honestly no, ive been laying in bed moping lmao
 
My light: oh rich
 
My love: it is what it is
 
My love: how's school?
 
My light: normal except my bestie isnt here :(
 
My love: im sowwy
 
My light: uwu I'll forgive u but only if I can come by after school
 
My love: dealio 
 

Eds>>Rich

 

(1:28 p.m.)

 
Eds: rich??
 
Eds: are you ignoring me???
 

Stan>>Eddie

 

(2:45 p.m.)

 
Stan: Meet me by my car no later that 10 after.
 
Eddie: okay I'll be there
 

Richard>>Stanley

 

(3:18 p.m.)

 
Richard: your taking eds to take his permit test today right?
 
Stanley: Yeah we're about to leave now.
 
Stanley: Are you ignoring him or something, he just asked ne if ive heard from you today.
 
Richard: he texted me earlier but I havent responded I him
 
Stanley: Richie.
 
Richard: I know
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(3:23 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: welp richies def ignoring me so theres that :)
 
Mooke: how do u know?
 
Kasbrwak: cause I just saw him text Stan but he wont answer my texts 
 
Mooke: oh wow
 
Kasbrwak: I guess hes mad that I ditched last night and I dont blame him. Im honestly just a failure as a human being
 
Mooke: it'll be fine its richie, please just focus on this test okay
 
Kasbrwak: yeah alright im going to try
 

Billy>>Bev

 

(3:35 p.m.)

 
Billy: soo are you gonna tlk to Ben tonight? Tell him that you wuv him? uwu
 
Bev: I dont know why i went to you for help
 
Bev: obviously that was a mistake
 
Billy: haha sorry bev but seriously he already said it back you dnt have to worry
 
Bev: yeah i know but what if he was just saying it back bc he didnt want to hurt my feelings or something
 
Billy: bev that boy is hopelessly in love with you
 
Billy: always has been
 
Bev: I dont know about that Bill, I mean im a mess
 
Bev: I mean i have so much baggage from everything thats happened and im just afraid he'll realize I'm not worth it I guess
 
Billy: what happened to u isnt something that will keep people from loving you. You deserve to be happy Beverly. Ben wont see anything as "baggage", he would never leve you for something like that.
 
Bev: I know, I do, really. Sometimes its just tough I guess. Thank you Bill, ill try to talk to him soon, he deserves it. 
 
Billy: dont force urself to talk to him if your not ready, and text me if you need to talk okay
 
Bev: yeah I will thank you
 

Losers club

 

(3:41 p.m.)

 
Ed-die: okay guys I'm bout to tke my test wish me luck
 
Gobble: good luck Eddie
 
Moo: I know u can do it!
 
Billiam: go in there and show that test whos the bitch
 
Candy corn: you got this!!
 
Ed-die: thank u guys!
 

Stanny>>Bevford

 

(5:38 p.m.)

 
Stanny: Okay, i talked to Eddie.
 
Bevford: and???
 
Stanny: He said he didn't mean for it to seem that way, hes just stressed. He looks like he actually feels horrible.
 
Stanny: So, im about to drop him off at Richie's work so they can talk it out.
 
Bevford: well thank God but also how tf did he not realized he was doing that
 
Stanny: Honestly, it seems like something else is up but im not going to push him.
 
Bevford: but stannn
 
Stanny: Sorry Bev, i'm not going to. He's gonna talk to Richie so everythings gonna be okay.
 
Bevford: okay okay I guess
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(6:24 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: stan thank u 
 
Grandpa: You're welcome.
 
Billiam: ???
 
Dumbass: stan dropped off eddie
 
Billiam: oh?
 
Queen: and??
 
Dumbass: were bbfls again
 

Losers club

 

(8:28 p.m.)

 
Ed-die: oh btw I passed everyone!!
 
Billiam: !!!!!! YES
 
Candy cane: I knew u would Eddie!!
 
Dickie toes: look at his picture tho
 
Dickie toes: eddiespermit.jpeg
 
Dickie toes: cute cute cute
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(8:30 p.m.)

 
Queen: order has been restored thank God
 
Dickie toes: B¬)
 
Silly Billy: thats relieving
 

Talking about our gay friends

 

(9:11 p.m)

 
Red: okay u know how stan got eddie to apologize and everything
 
Red: well stan said eddie didn't realize he was doing it but stan said that he thought "something else was up"
 
B-b-bitch: like what?
 
Red: I dont know Stan wouldnt push it
 
B-b-bitch: hmmm so eddie was avoiding richie for some reason and wouldnt say why
 
B-b-bitch: sounds sus
 
Red: ikr
 
B-b-bitch: HHhhmmmmm
 
Red: what r u thinkin
 
B-b-bitch: that I might have to meddle
 
Red: hmmmm
 
B-b-bitch: hmmmmmmmm
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(9:33 p.m.)

 
Mooke: so i guess ur not avoiding him anymore thats good
 
Kasbrwak: oh yeah
 
Kasbrwak: stan confronted me about it, apparently richie noticed and it hurt his feelings which is why he was ignoring me earlier
 
Mooke: oh wow? You guys are ok now right?
 
Kasbrwak: yeah I told him I really didnt mean to and that I was just isolating myself, but i feel terrible for making him feel bad :(
 
Mooke: just try not to avoid him next time u have a freak out 
 
Kasbrwak: trust me I won't
 
Mooke: good
 

Free Eds

 

(10:02 p.m.) 

 
Mike: so when are we teaching him how to drive
 
Stan: I say we wait about a week and then start by getting him familiar with one of our cars. 
 
Stan: I'm not letting him drive my car until he knows what eveything is and what it does.
 
Mike: that's sounds good
 
Mike: also why tf are you still up??
 
Stan: I'm going to bed now.
 
Mike: okay goodnight Stan
 
Stan: Goodnight Mike.







Chapter End Notes
I can't do angst for to long lol


Chapter 23
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(7:22 a.m.)

 
Ed-die: it should be illegal to be up this early on a Saturday.
 
Billiam: suck it up butter cup at least were only working til 4 today
 
Moo: you guys are babys ive been up since 6 
 
Stab: It's not that early.
 
Ed-die: you 2 arent human I s2g
 
Ed-die: at least theres gonna b coffee
 
Billiam: true I'll be there to pick u up in a few
 
Ed-die: okay
 
Stab: How's it feel knowing you have a permit now, Eddie?
 
Ed-die: Great! Thank u once again for taking me
 
Stab: You're welcome.
 
Moo: my little eddies growing up :,)
 
Billiam: now if only he could grow a little taller
 
Ed-die: fuck you.
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(8:32 a.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: im so sleepy mike kill me
 
Mooke: no
 
Mooke: what time did you go to bed?
 
Kasbrwak: at like 12 or so
 
Kasbrwak: I was with richie
 
Mooke: ohhh that explains it ;)
 
Kasbrwak: mike.
 
Mooke: lmao it'll be time to leave before you know it 
 
Kasbrwak: well it needs to hurry then :(
 

Losers club

 

(12:30 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: im just waking up so sucks to suck you guys
 
Ed-die: shut the fuck up richie
 
Billiam: what time are you headed into work?
 
Dickie toes: 1 lol and im still in bed cause I'm a disaster
 
Ed-die: richie get up and get ready!!
 
Dickie toes: oookkkay
 
Candy cane: ive been up since 10, I'm actually trying to clean my room
 
Stab: Good, it looked like a disaster zone the last time I saw it.
 
Candy cane: dont shame me bitch
 
Moo: to b fair your room looks like bills car lol
 
Candy cane: no mike not you too
 
Billiam: why r u bringing me into it??
 
Gobble: y'all stop bulling my gf
 
Moo: haha sorry bev
 

Losers club

 

(4:24 p.m.)

 
Billiam: hey me and eddie are going to the coffee place by the thift shop if anyone wants to come hang
 
Dickie toes: aww man I want to come :(
 
Billiam: could you just maybe put a 'lunch break be back soon' sign up?
 
Dickie toes: omg bill ur a genius
 
Ed-die: oh god now hes gonna do that all the time Bill
 
Stab: I guess i can come.
 
Billiam: wow glad to see your happy about coming lol
 
Stab: Oh sorry *I guess i can come! :)
 
Billiam: better
 
Gobble: sorry guys i have plans already
 
Candy cane: im his plans ;)
 
Dickie toes: ew
 
Candy cane: >:(
 
Ed-die: what about you Mike?
 
Moo: sorry I can't come, might meet up with yall later though
 
Ed-die: plans??
 
Moo: no just a headache I'm gonna take it easy for a bit
 

Ed-die: take something for it and stay off your phone for a bit, go lay down in your room or something, Hope you feel better

 
Moo: thanks Eddie :)
 
Dickie toes: come on guys keep y'all bromance off the group chat
 
Moo: what? U jealous richie?? Lmao
 
Dickie toes: >B¬(
 
Billiam: sksksksk
 

Talking about our gay friends

 

(4:32 p.m.)

 
Red: be sure to keep an eye on them today see if eddies acting wierd
 
B-b-bitch: on it
 
B-b-bitch: also have fun on ur date ;)
 
Red: oh I will lol
 

Benboy>>Edboy

 

(4:49 p.m.)

 
Benboy: ahhh eddie im so nervous
 
Edboy: don't be your poem is amazing Ben!
 
Edboy: like if you gave that to me id jump you
 
Benboy: sksksk thanks eddie
 
Edboy: everythings gonna be great I promise you now go and shower bev in love lol
 
Benboy: i will!
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(5:11 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: Mike?? I thought you werent coming?
 
Kasbrwak: ??????? Why are you with Greta??
 
Kasbrwak: wait are y'all hanging out??
 
Kasbrwak: ????? Mike?????
 
Kasbrwak: Mike answer me!!
 

(5:21 p.m.)

 
Mooke: hey eddie
 
Kasbrwak: Mike whats going on? 
 
Mooke: well okay I'll tell you but please promise you won't be mad
 
Kasbrwak: mike
 
Mooke: promise me
 
Kasbrwak: I wont be mad 
 
Mooke: okay well me and greta have been dating
 
Kasbrwak: WHAT
 
Kasbrwak: how long????
 
Mooke: a little over 3 months
 
Kasbrwak: 3 months!!!
 
Mooke: you said you wouldnt be mad
 
Kasbrwak: im not! Just suprised thats all
 
Kasbrwak: why didnt you say anything??
 
Mooke: cause i didnt want you guys to be mad at me. I know you all have a rocky past with Greta and knew it wouldnt be taken well
 
Kasbrwak: Mike, no matter what you do we all are going to be your friend. Once your a loser, your always a loser okay?
 
Kasbrwak: never think you have to keep something from us, especially me Mike
 
Mooke: okay thank you eddie im sorry i didnt tell you
 
Kasbrwak: and im sorry I ever gave you the impression that I would be mad at you over something like this
 
Mooke: I should have told you its not on you, thats me. Can we hang out later so i can tell you everything?
 
Kasbrwak: yeah definitely, i'll see you later
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(5:42 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: Bill please stop staring at me and eds
 
Dumbass: its getting uncomfortable
 
Dumbass: I can feel ur eyes on the back of my head
 
Queen: asdfghuioo bill!
 
Dickie toes: Gesundheit
 
Billiam: sorry im not meaning too
 
Stab: Wow.
 

Talking about our gay friends

 

(5:48 p.m.)

 
Red: BILL stop being obvious lmaoo
 
B-b-bitch: im not trying to be!! Its hard
 
Red: sksksksk
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(6:46 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: okay im at richs work if u wanna pick me up
 
Mooke: ok b there soon
 

Talking about our gay friends

 

(6:55 p.m.)

 
Red: anything interesting happen today other than u getting caught staring?
 
B-b-bitch: nope other than eddie randomly ditching on us to hang with mike lol
 
B-b-bitch: which reminds me i should do this so richies nosy ass doesnt see this name
 

B-b-bitch changed the groups name to raogf

 
B-b-bitch: thats better
 
Red: lmao
 

Benboy>>Edboy

 

(8:02 p.m.)

 
Benboy: everything went great tonight!!
 
Benboy: bev loved the poem!
 
Edboy: I told you she would!!
 
Benboy: I know im just happy I guess
 
Edboy: me too im so glad you two have each other 
 
Benboy: thank you Eddie :

)


Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(9:05 p.m.)

 
Mooke: thank you for being so understanding Eddie, im so lucky to have a friend as good as you
 
Kasbrwak: of course Mike, I'm always going to be here for you 
 

Bev>>Billy

 

(9:32 p.m.)

 
Bev: ahhh Billllll
 
Billy: Whats up??
 
Bev: you know how me and Ben had our date and everything tonight right? 
 
Bev: well he wrote me a poem and told me he loved me tonight and im just
 
Bev: so happy rn Bill
 
Billy: !!!! Im happy for you!!
 
Bev: :D
 

Losers club

 

(12:22 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: *me at all of you*
 
Dickie toes: I love you bitchhhh
 
Dickie toes: I ain't ever gonna stop loving you
 
Dickie toes: ... Bitchhhhh







Chapter End Notes
Woop Eddie now knows mikes secret lol


Chapter 24
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(4:52 a.m.)

 
Dickie toes: f/m/k
 
Dickie toes: shaggy fred and Velma
 
Candy cane: what about daphne?
 
Dickie toes: I didnt add her cause shes the first choice to fuck ofc
 
Candy cane: true true
 
Dickie toes: sooo?
 
Candy cane: I would fuck shaggy, marry Velma, and kill fred of course
 
Dickie toes: good choices, good choices
 
Dickie toes: personally id fuck shaggy, marry fred and sadly kill velma
 
Candy cane: you'd marry fred??? Why??
 
Dickie toes: i guess that ascot really does it for me ;)
 
Ed-die: wow
 
Dickie toes: eds!!
 
Candy corn: wbu Eddie?
 
Ed-die: hmmm
 
Ed-die: I would fuck fred, marry shaggy and then kill Velma
 
Candy cane: wtf do y'all have against Velma??
 
Ed-die: sorry I like men Beverly
 
Dickie toes: yeah you homophobe
 
Candy cane: shut
 
Billiam: you fools, I would fuck fred, marry Velma and kill shaggy
 
Ed-die: why?
 
Billiam: because fred would be a good lay, velma is of course gonna end up having a great job so I can be a house husband and shaggy is just a stoner who lives in a van with his dog
 
Ed-die: Bill u put too much thought into that lol
 
Billiam: u didnt put enough thought into urs
 
Stab: Why the fuck are you guys dicussing this at almost 5 in the morning on a Sunday?
 
Dickie toes: uh bc why not?
 
Candy cane: hey Stan what would u pick??
 
Stab: I'm not aswering it.
 
Dickie toes: come on Stanley!!
 
Billiam: please??
 
Stab: Fine.
 
Stab: I would fuck Velma, marry Fred, and kill Shaggy. Are you guys happy?
 
Billiam: Wow, I honestly thought you woulda married Velma lol
 
Stab: Well you thought wrong. Now im going back to sleep.
 
Dickie toes: sweet dreams stanny bananny
 

(5:58 a.m.)

 
Moo: lmaooo 
 
Stab: Glad you think its funny.
 
Moo: why do u always forget to turn silent on?
 
Stab: I just don't like keeping on because im always afraid one of you are going to need something and wont be able to get ahold of me. 
 
Stab: I know its a little irrational.
 
Moo: no its not irrational. Actually its really fucking sweet
 
Stab: Shut up.
 
Stab: But also thanks.
 
Moo: youre welcome lol
 

Bevvy>>Benny

 

(7:25 a.m.)

 
Bevvy: good morning!!
 
Benny: good morning bev, you sleep okay last night?
 
Bevvy: yes I did! 
 
Benny: good!!
 
Bevvy: what are your plans for today?
 
Benny: I was actually going to go by the library in town today and ask if they needed any help or have any jobs open
 
Bevvy: oh?? That sounds good, hopefully they do that would be the perfect job for you
 
Benny: yeah i know, I really need something to do to save a bit of money
 
Bevvy: you want to get lunch later on today?
 
Benny: yes! That sounds nice! 
 
Bevvy: okay I'll see you later then love you!
 
Benny: love you too :)
 

Eds>>Rich

 

(11:20 a.m.)

 
Eds: are you working again today?
 
Rich: yeH I'll be in again at 1 today lol
 
Eds: oh I gotta be in 3 to 6 today :(
 
Eds: so I'm gonna come over after I get off 
 
Rich: !!! Good! 
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(1:22 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: hey Mike! What are you up to today?
 
Mooke: nothing much, really
 
Kasbrwak: what, no date?
 
Mooke: nope 
 
Mooke: what about you?
 
Kasbrwak: fucking work
 
Kasbrwak: I hate it tbh
 
Mooke: hey could be worse 
 
Kasbrwak: yeah i know
 
Kasbrwak: at least it gives me a reason be be outta my house 
 
Mooke: how is youre house situation going?
 
Kasbrwak: could be better but could also be worse tbh
 
Mooke: okay, just please keep me updated if it leans towards worse
 
Kasbrwak: I will Mike, promise
 

Bev>>Eddie

 

(2:47 p.m.)

 
Bev: what are you doing after school tomorrow?
 
Eddie: nothing, whats up?
 
Bev: I need to go get some craft stuff and was thinking of getting my nails done if you wanna come keep me company
 
Eddie: yeah that sounds great tbh
 
Bev: okay good! I feel like we havent had a friend date in a good while. I miss hanging out just us 2
 
Eddie: yeah i feel the same, we need to do it more often!
 
Bev: 8]
 
Eddie: [:
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(3:56 p.m.)

 
Red: I just want to thank you guys so much for giving me the confidence to tell ben how I felt bc im so happy to have him as my boyfriend 
 
Grandpa: What's bringing this on?
 
Red: im just happy thats all
 
Grandpa: Good. You're welcome Bev.
 
Silly Billy: im so glad u two are together you work so well with one another!
 
Dumbass: im glad one of our crushes has worked out! Im so happy that your happy!
 

Greta>>Beverly

 

(4:37 p.m.)

 
Greta: what story are we suppose to be reading again?
 
Beverly: a rose for Emily
 
Beverly: also thank u for reminding me cause I almost forgot myself lol
 
Greta: yeah I figured I might actually have to read this one bc she said we might have to write an essay for it and everything tomorrow
 
Beverly: true
 

My love>>My light

 

(5:34 p.m.)

 
My love: bevvvvvvv
 
My love: Beverly
 
My love: answer
 
My love: my
 
My love: phone
 
My love: call
 
(5:40 p.m.)
 
My love: B'¬(
 

(5:43 p.m.)

 
My light: sorry rich I'm reading a story for english rn 
 
My light: is it an emergency cause if not I'll call u later
 
My love: yeah it is im bout to be bored to death
 
My light: thats not an emergency
 
My love: it is to meeee
 

Rich>>Eds

 

(5:51 p.m.)

 
Rich: eddiiieee when are u getting here??
 
Eds: soon as I get done here
 
Eds: give me like 10 mins
 
Rich: please hurry im boreddd
 
Eds: I'm trying
 

Eds>>Rich

 

(6:02 p.m.)

 
Eds: im out of work and omw there 
 
Eds: I brought some sandwiches for dinner lol
 
Rich: turkey??
 
Eds: yes rich
 
Rich: !!! Thank u
 
Eds: any customers?
 
Rich: nada one since 4 something lol
 
Eds: okay b there soon
 

Losers club

 

(6:11 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: picofeddiewithfood.jpeg
 
Dickie toes: my hero <3
 
Billiam: honestly i dont know what you do to deserve him 
 
Dickie toes: I'm special
 
Stab: Ain't that the truth.
 
Gobble: eddies the best
 
Moo: I second that statement
 
Ed-die: y'all stoopp 
 
Dickie toes: eddiewithhandscoveringhis face.jpeg
 
Dickie toes: hes flustered lol
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(7:01 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: this just in, im so gay 
 
Grandpa: Congratulations.
 
Silly Billy: *gasp* WHAT?
 
Queen: I never woulda guessed
 
Dumbass: shut uppp
 
Queen: what's eddie doing now?
 
Dumbass: hes just so thoughtful and sweet sometimes
 
Dumbass: i feel like when the grinchs heart grew 3 times bigger but constantly which means my heart is way to big at this point
 
Dumbass: i could die any minute you guys
 
Dumbass: and when i do die give everything I own to Stan, who can divide it out accordingly
 
Stab: nobody wants your band tshirts and trash richie
 
Dumbass: B,,¬(
 
Queen: Wow stan a man tells ya hes dying and you say that
 
Grandpa: Perish.
 



Chapter End Notes
Sorry these updates are slowing down lol ive been playing the new pokemon game


Chapter 25
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(7:13 a.m.)

 
Gobble: ugh I hate mondays
 
Ed-die: same I didnt want to get outta bed this morning
 
Stab: Stop whining we only have today and tomorrow to go.
 
Candy cane: i might hate thanksgiving but at least we get out for school
 
Dickie toes: I'll drink to that
 
Moo: y'all are weak
 
Billiam: sorry we all can't have wonderful muscles like u Mike
 
Moo: :P

 
 

Bevvy>>Benny

 

(8:12 a.m.)

 
Bevvy: how did it go at the library ?
 
Benny: oh! It went good!
 
Benny: they actually need someone to come in on the weekends for a bit to help reorganize books so I now get to spend 7 hours sat and sun at the library lol
 
Bevvy: yay! Im glad you got a job but also m sad that youre gonna be busy on the weekends now
 
Benny: ill be done by 3!! So it won't be that bad
 
Bevvy: okay! That makes it alot better! :))
 
Benny: it wont be much cash but its better than nothing
 
Bevvy: yeah!
 
 

 
 

Dick>>Willy

 

(9:42 a.m.)

 
Dick: remember that day me and you got locked outta my house and I had to climb into my window bc it was the only one unlocked?
 
Willy: lmao yeah i do, you scratched your arm on the way in. Dont u still hve a scar from it
 
Dick: yeahhh I do haha
 
Willy: what made you think about that?
 
Dick: thats the day I realized i loved Eddie.
 
Willy: what???
 
Dick: yeah we called him over to look at my arm bc it looked really bad and he turned white as a sheet lmao
 
Willy: yeah I thought he was gonna pass out
 
Dick: but then he was so careful when he cleaned it up and bandaged it and was so worried
 
Dick: and he was talking a mile a minute about how stupid I was and how it could be infected and idk
 
Dick: I just realized that wow I fucking love this idiot
 
Willy: wow thtas so sweet rich
 
Dick: yeah I know dont tell anyone
 
Willy: my lips are sealed 
 
Dick: I really wish i had my jacket its cold out here, I think my balls are starting to freeze
 
Willy: ??? Where r u??
 
Dick: out by the bleachers lol i ditched
 
Willy: RICHIE
 
Dick: oh no moms mad at me
 
Willy: come back in before u get sick
 
Dick: im sorry? Am i suddenly talking to eddie now
 
Willy: you know what time, be cold if you wanna be 
 
Willy: I hope ur balls do freeze
 
Dick: God I love it when u talk dirty to me
 

Losers club

 

(10:02 a.m..)

 
Dickie toes: hey can someone help me please
 
Moo: whats up rich?
 
Dickie toes: ive accidentally locked myself outside
 
Stab: Did you forget to prop it open again?
 
Candy cane: asdfghhj
 
Candy cane: I'd help but I can't lol
 
Dickie toes: no! Someone must have saw it open and closed it and fuc u bev
 
Moo: which one? 
 
Dickie toes: the one over by the crazy water fountain
 
Moo: im omw
 
Dickie toes: thank you Mike
 
Dickie toes: iloveyou.gif
 

(10:43 a.m.)

 
Ed-die: shoulda just left him out there mike
 
Dickie toes: wat did I do to u?
 
Ed-die: might teach u not to smoke
 
Dickie toes: for ur info, I wasnt smoking in fact i havent smoked for 2 weeks
 
Ed-die: I dont believe u
 
Candy cane: hes not lying, the only smokeing hes done is weed
 
Dickie toes: ^^^ see
 
Stab: Good job Richie.
 
Billiam: omg
 
Ed-die: thank god
 
Stab: What were you doing out there?
 
Dickie toes: I didnt feel like going to class lol
 
Stab: Wow. How does he have straight A's?
 
Dickie toes: bc I'm the best obvs
 
Ed-die: wait. You were out there all last period???
 
Dickie toes: yes?
 
Ed-die: without a fucking jacket?? Do yiu want to be sick? What the actual fuck richie!! Its rainy and cold today!!
 
Moo: how did you know he didnt have his jacket??
 
Ed-die: bc im wearing it
 
Moo: of course you are
 
Dickie toes: techinaly its ur fault for stealing my jacket this morning
 
Ed-die: no its not!
 
Candy cane: guys stoppppp
 
Stab: I dont know how, but just seeing you two argue makes my head hurt.
 
Ed-die: fine im done I dont even care
 
Stab: Yeah, okay Eddie.
 

Losers club

 

(1:34 p.m.)

 
Gobble: this might b a controversial opinion but I fricken love this rainy weather
 
Gobble: it makes me feel old cozy or something
 
Ed-die: I agree
 
Moo: I dont I miss the sun :(
 
Candy cane: I dont mind the rain tbh
 
Stab: I hate it. I don't like getting my clothes wet everything I have to go outside.
 
Dickie toes: ofc you hte it stanley u hate everything fun
 
Stab: Fuck off Richard.
 
Billiam: this is the best weather to watch movies in 
 
Ed-die: yebaksdhd
 
Ed-die: what the fuck
 
Candy cane: is that the fire alarm?!? 
 
Stab: fuck
 
Ed-die: richie u better not hve fucking pulled it or I s2g
 
Dickie toes: I didn't!!! I swear!!
 
Candy cane: he really didnt hes been beside me, see u guys outside I guess lmao
 

(1:55 p.m.)

 
Stab: It just had to be today. In the fucking rain. I hate everything.
 
Ed-die: Richie please stop yelling my name I see u
 
Dickie toes: then wave bck bitch
 
Ed-die: no.
 
Billiam: lmao I see y'all rich looks crazy
 
Candy cane: I see evryone but Mike where u at
 
Moo: turn around
 
Candy cane: yay now ive seen everyone!
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(1:58 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: wow look at how cute Eddie looks in my jacket
 
Queen: the arms are too big for him lmaoo
 
Silly Billy: wait whoose jacket do u now have on?
 
Dumbass: bens extra lol
 
Queen: I thought so
 

(2:10 p.m.)

 
Stab: They made us stand out there for that long and there wasn't even a fire.
 
Dickie toes: at least we missed a bit of class
 
Stab: I would rather have class than a damp sweater.
 
Moo: sorry stan
 
Candy cane: did yll hear that???
 
Candy cane: henry just got clled to the office I bet my ass that he pulled the fire alarm
 
Billiam: oh defenatly I just overheard a teacher say something about it
 
Candy cane: good. Now we wont have to deal w him for a bit
 
Dickie toes: cant believe that bitch pulled a fire alarm before I could :(
 
Ed-die: im glad he did bc now theyre gonna b watching the alarms like a hawk
 
Dickie toes: sigh
 

(3:12 p.m.)

 
Candy cane: eddie wher tf are u we gotta get going!!
 
Ed-die: im getting rich to drop us off bc its raining and I dont wanna walk in that
 
Candy cane: oh thats a good idea lol
 
Billiam: where y'all going??
 
Candy cane: mindja own business
 
Billiam: im sorry?
 
Candy cane: we're going to the craft store then im getting my nails done lol
 
Billiam: and u didnt invite me? U know I need my nails done bev
 
Candy cane: sorry bill I only had room for one 
 
Billiam: ???
 

Mike created a group chat and added Beverly, Ben, Bill, Eddie, Richie and Stan

 

Mike named the group Friendsgiving

 

(4:46 p.m.)

 
Mike: okay guys I know we already talked about this during lunch but we need to make concrete plans and have it where we can reference it lol
 
Mike: are we still hving this at my house?
 
Bill: yes! As long as ur granddad is okay with it
 
Mike: he is, he wont even be back til that night so were good to go
 
Stan: Then that's the best place.
 
Mike: also what is everyone bringing?
 
Mike: I can cook desserts but I can't really cook much else lol
 
Ben: I can do the turkey and stuffing! And other traditional thankgiving food
 
Eddie: we better have some non traditional too u know i hate most holiday food lol
 
Beverly: on it. Im gonna make some good baked mac and cheese and prob some buffalo dip
 
Eddie: yes!! 
 
Eddie: I will go buy some paper plates and drinks and shit since apparently im banned from cooking this year
 
Richie: eds u know ur my best friend but ur cooking sucks
 
Eddie: I know :(
 
Beverly: yeah last time you made me sick
 
Stan: We told you not to try it.
 
Beverly: he looked so sad!!
 
Eddie: okay! I get it my cooking sucks!!
 
Beverly: sorry eddie
 
Richie: idk what I'm bringing in just gonna make some kind of casserole lol
 
Stan: I'll bring some ham. Mom's makeing a shit ton of it so there should be plenty left for us.
 
Mike: wow this should be a good meal then!!
 

Losers club

 

(5:23 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: guyyyss look at this
 
Dickie toes: richieinaweddingdress.jpeg
 
Dickie toes: we got an actual wedding dress in, whose gonna come here for a wedding dress lmao
 
Candy cane: holy shityou actually pull that off very well???
 
Billiam: I'd marry that 5/5
 
Dickie toes: you need to take me out for dinner first lmao
 
Dickie toes: yeah im feeling it tbh
 
Moo: wow
 
Candy cane: how much is it??
 
Dickie toes: 23 dollars
 
Candy cane: you should buy it honestly
 
Stab: Don't waste your money.
 
Candy cane: I could take photos of you!
 
Ed-die: holy shit
 
Dickie toes: do i make a pretty bride eds?
 
Ed-die: uh like bev said u do pull it off
 
Ed-die: in a wierd way
 
Dickie toes: guys did you hear that, i think he wants to marry me
 
Ed-die: beep beep richie
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(7:22 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: ughhhh today when i with bev she started asking me about crushes and I just froze
 
Kasbrwak: I hope I wasnt obvious
 
Mooke: lmao I'm sure u werent you prob just looked embarrassed if anything
 
Kasbrwak: its just wierd cause she wasnt the only one to ask about crushes today, Bill also said something
 
Mooke: bill??
 
Kasbrwak: yeah wierd right?
 
Mooke: im sure its a coincidence
 
Kasbrwak: yeah im sure it was
 
Kasbrwak: how are u doing today?? 
 
Kasbrwak: you get to see your secret girlllfriend?
 
Mooke: lmao yes I did
 
Mooke: I'm actually with her right now
 
Kasbrwak: then i better let you two get back to "hanging out" I guess
 
Kasbrwak: tell greta I said hey
 
Mooke: lmao will do Eddie
 



Chapter End Notes
Im back Sorry if this sucks writers blocks been kicking my ass recently


Chapter 26
Chapter Notes
Late thanksgiving chapter lmao





Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(7:12 a.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: im up 
 
Kasbrwak: gonna get a quick shower and get dressed if you wanna start this way
 
Mooke: okay I'll head out soon then
 
Mooke: is your mom there?
 
Kasbrwak: no, she already left for her sisters house. Still giving me the cold shoulder too lol
 
Mooke: good, I didnt wanna run into her 
 
Kasbrwak: I'll leave the front door unlocked so if im not ready you can come in
 
Mooke: okay! Thanks Eddie, be there soon
 

(7:43 a.m.)

 
Mooke: honey im home
 
Kasbrwak: lmao okay be down soon im getting dressed now
 

Bevvy>>Benny

 

(8:04 a.m.)

 
Bevvy: hey come over as early as you can I wanna see you before going to mikes!
 
Benny: okay! Thats sounds great I'll head over soon then!!
 
Bevvy: !!!
 

Friendsgiving

 

(9:18 a.m.)

 
Mike: okay guys me and eddie are about to start setting everything up!
 
Bill: ugh I just woke up
 
Mike: sorry bill
 
Stan: I can come on over and help set up.
 
Mike: okay thank you stan
 
Stan: No problem.
 

Friendsgiving

 

(10:02 a.m.)

 
Mike: okay guys everything is ready
 
Mike: when should we be expecting you all??
 
Bill: I'll be there soon!
 
Ben: me and bev will be there in 15, shes still doing her makeup lol
 
Richie: then make that 30 lol and I'll be there in a few
 
Ben: bev wants me to say some unnice thing to you so just use ur imagination
 
Richie: sksksksk
 

Losers club

 

(1:34 a.m.)

 
Candy cane: grouppic.jpeg
 
Candy cane: posting now so I wont forget to later lol
 

(1:43 p.m.)

 
Billiam: more like photo taken before disaster lmaooo
 
Moo: I still have mashed potatoes on my shirt lol
 
Dickie toes: at least you didnt get covered! Ive got potato everywhere mike
 
Ed-die: ive already apologized im not doing it again.
 
Candy cane: richiecoveredinmashedpotatoes.jpeg
 
Billiam: sksksksksksk but look at eddies face!!
 
Billiam: zoomedin.jpeg 
 
Moo: it's surprised pikachu lmao
 
Ed-die: leave me alone!!!!
 
Dickie toes: hey at least I still look hot
 
Candy cane: skskskksksks
 
Billiam: now you look like a hobo with mikes clothes falling off of you lmao
 
Dickie toes: fuck off i pull this off too
 
Stab: If you say so Richie.
 
Gobble: Okay guys come on no phones at the table!
 
Candy cane: okay sorrrryyyy
 

(4:23 p.m.)

 
Stab: Does anyone see Richie and Eddie?
 
Moo: no?
 
Stab: Fuck. Hes trucks gone. They ditched out on helping clean.
 
Billiam: guys wtf??
 
Ed-die: whoops?
 
Stab: I expected this from Richie, but not you Eddie.
 
Ed-die: hey! I helped set everything up
 
Stab: So did me and Mike!
 
Ed-die: ugh fine were headed back :(
 
Stab: Good.
 
Candy cane: lmaoooo y'all thought y'all could get away
 
Dickie toes: Fuck
 

(5:23 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: ughhh my stomach is still bloated lmao
 
Dickie toes: I think i might take a nap
 
Billiam: is eddie with you?
 
Dickie toes: yeah lol he passed out almost as soon as we came in
 
Dickie toes: eddiepassedout.jpeg
 
Billiam: wow
 
Gobble: thats exactly what bev did too lol
 
Stab: You guys are so lazy.
 
Dickie toes: calm down grandpa, take your afternoon nap and stop being cranky
 
Billiam: hahaha
 
Stab: Some of us have stuff to do.
 
Dickie toes: well you go enjoy your "stuff" I'm taking a nap
 
Moo: In all honesty a nap sounds great 
 

(7:22 p.m.)

 
Ed-die: ughhhhh
 
Ed-die: I feel like I'm gonna puke
 
Ed-die: rich woke me up by jumping on the bed
 
Gobble: oof
 
Ed-die: oh hey we gotta change your name 
 
Gobble: oh yeah we do
 

Candy cane changed Gobble's name to Ben handsome

 
Candy cane: there we go!
 
Ben handsome: °////°
 
Ed-die: isnt that alittle long
 
Candy cane: no its perfect
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(7:30 p.m.)

 
Mooke: hey eddie I never got to finish telling you what i needed to tell you this morning
 
Kasbrwak: oh yeah when stan showed uo right?
 
Mooke: yeah
 
Mooke: im thinking about telling everyone about me and greta soon
 
Kasbrwak: oh! That's good!
 
Mooke: yeah i figured its about time
 
Mooke: I just hope everyone takes it as well as you did
 
Kasbrwak: they will! I promise you that everyone will be okay with it. And no one will hate you for it Mike
 
Mooke: thank you Eddie.
 
Mooke: I'll let you know when i figure out when and how to tell them
 
Kasbrwak: ill be here and your welcome mike

!


Losers club

 

(11:23 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: y'all I just found some mashed potato in my ear what the fuck
 
Billiam: assffghjjkll omfg
 
Candy cane: lmaooo
 



Chapter 27
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(5:58 a.m.)

 
Dickie toes: good morning bitches
 
Dickie toes: happy almost Friday to you all
 
Candy cane: fuck
 
Candy cane: i thought today was friday :(
 
Dickie toes: im sowwy
 
Stab: Im suprised that its you two thats up this early.
 
Dickie toes: ive been up since 3 am lol
 
Stab: Why?
 
Dickie toes: I woke up and couldnt go back to sleep
 
Candy cane: I dont k ow why im up tbh
 
Moo: good morning friends
 
Stab: Good morning Mike.
 
Candy cane: good morning!!
 
Billiam: I wish I was dead bc I'm so fucking tired 
 
Ben handsome: thats drastic
 
Candy cane: BEN!
 
Ben handsome: good morning bev! I'm omw
 
Candy cane: !!! Yay
 
Billiam: I tossed and turned all night
 
Dickie toes: :(
 
Billiam: so if i look tired today its bc I am
 
Moo: just take it easy today, do you have work?
 
Billiam: no I thankfully do not
 
Billiam: what about you Eddie?
 

(6:12 a.m.)

 
Billiam: ??
 
Dickie toes: eds?
 
Billiam: is he still asleep? 
 
Dickie toes: Not for long bout to blow his phone up lol
 

Rich>>Eds

 

(6:14 a.m.)

 
Rich: eds
 
Rich: Eddie spaghetti
 
Rich: edwardo
 
Rich: Eddie!!
 
Rich: EDS
 
Rich: wake up
 
Rich: wakkkkeeee upppppp
 
Rich: EDS WAKE UP
 
Rich: imma keep calling til u answer :3
 

Losers club

 

(6:30 a.m.)

 
Ed-die: ok ok im fucking up 
 
Dickie toes: I got cussed out lmao
 
Ed-die: you derserved it
 
Ed-die: and no Bill I dont
 
Billiam: good
 

Rich>>Eds

 

(10:23 a.m.)

 
Rich: eds im boredddd
 
Eds: pay attention to class then
 
Rich: talk to meee
 
Eds: about what?
 
Rich: I dont know just somethi g
 
Eds: okay how has your day been?
 
Rich: ughhhh im even more bored now
 
Eds: fuck u
 
Rich: say please
 

Billy boy>>Baby boy

 

(10:25 a.m.)

 
Billy boy: eddie are u okay u sound like ur dying??
 
Baby boy: yeah I'm fine
 

Losers club

 

(10:53 a.m.)

 
Dickie toes: do you think I'd look good bald? Could i pull it off?
 
Stab: No, you would look horrible.
 
Ed-die: richie I s2g if you even think about cutting all your hair off I will not hesitate to kill you
 
Candy cane: sorry hun but you would look wierd as hell you have a wierd shaped head
 
Dickie toes: oh okay then lmao
 
Dickie toes: what about if I shaved off my eyebrows
 
Stab: Richie don't be a dumbass.
 
Dickie toes: your no fun :(
 

Free Eds

 

(1:23 p.m.)

 
Stan: Who's free today after school we need to start teaching Eddie how to drive. I'd do it but my parents want me home today.
 
Bill: I can do it
 
Richie: im totally crashing it too 
 
Stan: Just don't distract him.
 
Richie: why I never
 
Bill: if he does he'll get kicked out of my car tbh
 
Mike: lmao
 

Losers club

 

(1:44 p.m.)

 
Billiam: hey eddie, meet me by my car after school today. I wanna show you some car basics 
 
Ed-die: yeah alright
 
Dickie toes: im also gonna be there
 
Ed-die: okay
 

(2:22 p.m.)

 
Billiam: okay guys this weekend we need to go ahead and draw for secret snowflake
 
Moo: oh shit yeah its getting around that time 
 
Billiam: yeah ik it doesnt feel like december, I feel like it should still be like October lol
 
Ed-die: time isnt real
 
Moo: ahhhhh
 
Stab: Okay, but this year we need to make sure theres no duplicates.
 
Dickie toes: yeah I actually want a present this year please
 
Ed-die: skskskskks you looked so confused when u didnt have one and Ben had two
 
Dickie toes: B¬(
 
Candy cane: ben felt horrible and it wasnt even his fault lmao
 
Ben handsome: he looked so sad!
 
Ben handsome: and I couldnt even give him one cause it wasnt anything he liked :(
 
Dickie toes: I have an idea
 
Stab: No.
 
Dickie toes: I didnt even get to text it
 
Stab: Okay, fine. What's your idea?
 
Dickie toes: I should get 2 presents this year B¬)
 
Stab: You know, I was prepared to say no, but honestly that might be fair.
 
Dickie toes: !!!!
 
Candy cane: but wait! With that same logic that would mean Ben gets none this year
 
Stab: Oh no, we're not doing it then.
 
Dickie toes: But WAIT
 
Ben handsome: I mean that would be fair I don't mind
 
Candy cane: NO
 
Moo: Ben stop being so nice. You're getting a present
 
Ed-die: Ben your getting a present and richie stop pouting I'll get you a extra present
 
Dickie toes: !!!!! EDS <3
 
Ed-die: dont make me regret it.
 
Candy cane: awwww
 
Stab: Okay, glad it's all settled then.
 
Billiam: (:
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(2:34 p.m.)

 
Mooke: eddie that was so cute:)
 
Kasbrwak: oh shut it
 
Kasbrwak: I was gonna buy him something if i didnt even get his name regardless 
 
Mooke: awww thats even more cute
 
Kasbrwak: >:(
 
Kasbrwak: I am not cute
 
Mooke: now that's a damn lie
 

Billy boy>>Baby boy

 

(3:07 p.m.)

 
Billy boy: I'm in my car, dont forget about ur lesson!!
 
Baby boy: I didn't, already omw got jumped by rich lmao
 
Billy boy: I should've known
 

Losers club

 

(3:12 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: I got kicked out :((
 
Stab: Wow, 12 minutes. That's a new record I think.
 
Moo: sksks what did you do??
 
Billiam: he kept kicking the back of my seat so I kicked his ass out
 
Ed-die: to be fair Bill gave him 3 warnings before doing it lol
 
Dickie toes: B¬

(


Dick>>Willy

 

(4:38 p.m.)

 
Dick: billlll
 
Dick: come pick me up and take me to mcdonald
 
Dick: I want some fries :(
 
Willy: why would I do that?
 
Dick: bc u love me
 
Willy: aight b there in 5
 
Dick: WHAT really?????
 
Willy: yeah be ready
 
Dick: fuckk yesss
 

My light>>My love

 

(4:55 p.m.)

 
My light: if you buy me some fast food I'll suck your goddamn dick.
 
My love: asddfghhjjllljtdaadfyjk somehow I dont think Ben would appriciate that
 
My light: he'd understand
 
My love: ill buy u some food but plz dont go anywhere near my dick
 
My light: !!!!
 
My love: why arent you hanging out w Ben?
 
My light: He's busy :(
 
My love: be on the look out for bills car lol
 
My light: why bills?
 
My love: I might have asked him to pick me up for food lmao
 
My light: hhaahaha how r we the same person
 
My love: spidermanmanpointingmeme.jpgep
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(5:23 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: Mike, Bill was acting wierd as hell today
 
Mooke: how so?
 
Kasbrwak: asking me all kinds of questions, like he was almost interrogating me
 
Mooke: about what?
 
Kasbrwak: crushes
 
Mooke: ???
 
Kasbrwak: you dont think he..
 
Mooke: no bills fucking oblivious
 
Kasbrwak: but he significantly waited for rich to leave before he said anything
 
Mooke: I'm sure it was nothing
 
Mooke: or maybe he was hitting on u
 
Kasbrwak: asdfgghjk yeah I dont think so
 
Kasbrwak: I guess im just paranoid
 
Mooke: probably you literally said the same thing about bev not to long ago
 
Kasbrwak: yeah ik but she also was acting wierd
 
Mooke: oookkkay Eddie
 
Kasbrwak: I'm serious Mike!
 
Mooke: I'm sorry eddie but im sure its nothing
 
Kasbrwak: yeah your right
 

Losers club

 

(5:56 p.m.)

 
Candy cane: asdfghjk guyys
 
Candy cane: im riding with bill and rich and we stopped at this stop sign and were stopped for approx 4 seconds and this bitch honked
 
Candy cane: so richie legitimately opened the door and stuck his head out to look at the guy
 
Ben handsome: sksksksksk
 
Moo: what did the guy do??
 
Dickie toes: he wouldnt make eye contact with me and whipped around us lmaooo
 
Ed-die: why didnt you just use the window?
 
Dickie toes: bills car window wont roll up or dowm anymore
 
Ed-die: that doesnt suprise me
 
Candy cane: Bill says to stop trash talking his car
 
Ed-die: never
 
Stab: Richie, you're going to get yourself killed one of these days.
 
Dickie toes: bitch im immortal





Eds>>Rich

 

(12:45 a.m.)

 
Eds: hey are you up?
 
Rich: of course I am, why are you up?
 
Eds: I just can't sleep tonight
 
Rich: anything bothering you?
 
Eds: besides the usual? I mean I guess its really bothering me that ma's been giving me the silent treatment all week. 
 
Eds: I guess Im just so used to caving in first. I used to try so hard to make her happy with me. 
 
Eds: the house is just so empty feeling now
 
Eds: sometimes i feel awful when I can't stand being around her tho, like thats my mom and i shouldnt feel that way
 
Rich: its not your fault you feel that way its hers. You dont deserve the shit she puts u through
 
Eds: thank you richie do you think i could call you? 
 
Rich: of course you can




Chapter End Notes
It's secret snowflake bc stans JewishHope y'all are having better luck than me this December!


Chapter 28
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(7:22 a.m.)

 
Ben handsome: good morning!! Are you guys ready for winter break?? Cause I am!!
 
Moo: yes! Only a few more days!!
 
Stab: Why are you guys yelling so early?
 
Ben handsome: oop sorry stan
 
Moo: lmao
 
Dickie toes: bitch it can't come soon enough im tired
 
Billiam: that's a whole ass mood
 
Ben handsome: can you believe we will only hve one more semester when we get back
 
Ed-die: dont even tlk to me about it, im low key panicing about everything i still need to do 
 
Ben Handsome: oop sorry eddie
 
Stab: Eddie you're fine. I know very well that you're good because you've done everything that I've done. 
 
Ed-die: yeah I know im just stressed
 
Dickie toes: ur always stressed tho
 
Ed-die: beep beep bitch
 
Billiam: dont freak out! Be happy! Were free! Well except collage :(
 
Candy cane: yeah! Besides we still got forever to go!
 
Ed-die: yeah okay
 
Dickie toes: let's focus instead on how hard were gonna party over this break hellll yes!
 
Ben handsome: lol yeah lets try to have a lot of fun!
 
Candy cane: fuck yeah, thats the spirit
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 
(8:12 a.m.)
 
Mooke: so I gotta ask, who did you get for secret snowflake??
 
Kasbrwak: um do you not know what secret means Mikey boy?
 
Mooke: come on Eddie! 
 
Kasbrwak: nope
 
Mooke: fine but can you help me, I got richie but I dont know what to get him in all honesty
 
Kasbrwak: oh shit really? 
 
Kasbrwak: well just go into a store and buy the ugliest clothes you see and he will be overjoyed tbh
 
Kasbrwak: oh and you could pick him up some wierd/cool stickers cause im getting him a skateboard cause he wont shut up about wanting to learn how to skate
 
Mooke: oh wow, I'm guessing your gonna get him a helmet too?
 
Kasbrwak: you know me well
 
Kasbrwak: I may or may not have seen a good set for sale that ive had my eyes on
 
Mooke: Okay so ugly clothes and stickers I can do that thanks Eddie
 
Kasbrwak: your welcome
 

Benny>>Bevvy

 

(9:02 a.m.)

 
Benny: just wanted to say in case i forgot to this morning that you look amazing today, just like every other day :)
 
Bevvy: *gasp* I do? Why you dont look half bad yourself ;)
 
Benny: aw shucks
 
Bevvy: but seriously thank you Ben! You're so sweet to me and I love you!
 
Benny: I love you too! See you in a bit!
 

Billy boy>>Baby boy

 

(11:21 a.m.)

 
Billy boy: hey who'd you get?? For secret snowflake? 
 
Baby boy: why??
 
Billy boy: I got bev and I have no idea what to get her, im trying to switch
 
Baby boy: well sorry, ive got mike and I actually want to keep it lol
 
Billy boy: shit, on to the next one lol
 
Baby boy: did you try Ben?
 
Billy boy: yeah, he said no right away even before I said I had bev 
 
Baby boy: oh and mike has got his gift figured out too
 
Baby boy: try rich, he knows bev very well
 
Billy boy: Oh yeah y didn't I ask him first lol
 

Willy>>Dick

 

(11:26 a.m.)

 
Willy: please tell me you wanna switch secret snowflakes
 
Dick: depends, who do u have?
 
Willy: bev
 
Dick: fuck yea I'll switch I have Stan
 
Willy: good! I can definatly find something for Stan easily!
 
Dick: same for bev
 
Dick: nice doing business with ya
 

Taogf

 

(12:21 p.m.)

 
B-b-bitch: damn only 3 more days til winter break and our plan hasn't worked well so far :(
 
Red: yeah we're kinda horrible at this
 
Red: sigh
 
B-b-bitch: ive been dropping hints about crushes and all that's happened is eddie asking me if I was hitting on him
 
Red: LMAO you are horrible at this hahaha
 
B-b-bitch: your no better!
 
Red: you guys are both working today right?
 
B-b-bitch: yeah?
 
Red: maybe you should be a bit more blunt today? Like ask if he likes one of us
 
B-b-bitch: yeah maybe that would work, being subtle hasn't done much
 
Red: tru

e


Losers club

 

(2:25 p.m.)

 
Ben handsome: ugh I hate being a library aide at the end of the year
 
Ben handsome: why do people wait to return their books until last minute??
 
Ben handsome: we had someone come in that had 10 dollars late charge?? Like how?
 
Candy cane: my poor bby :(
 
Billiam: damnnn
 
Stab: I hate people. Everytime I put one book up there's three more to do.
 
Dickie toes: lmao sounds like that sucks 
 
Ed-die: welp I'm just watching youtube vids cause theres nothing to study haha
 
Billiam: yeah we just have some useless "activity sheets" 
 
Billiam: richies been drawing some pretty nsfw doodles on the back lmao
 
Moo: are they good?
 
Billiam: they're better than you would expect tbh
 
Candy cane: I wanna see °°
 
Dickie toes: only when im finished lol
 

(2:48 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: lotsofdoodlesofdicks.jpeg
 
Dickie toes: my masterpiece *kisses fingers*
 
Candy cane: 10/10 a true piece of art
 
Ed-die: bitch 
 
Ed-die: theres like 100 of them
 
Dickie toes: actually theres exactly 69 of them
 
Candy cane: OMFG I'm dead
 
Ed-die: Okay that actually made me laugh
 
Moo: lmaooo
 

Mikey moo>>Pumpkin

 

(3:25 p.m.)

 
Mikey moo: want me to get anything in town before heading over?
 
Pumpkin: nope, just hurry over! 
 
Mikey moo: Okay be there soon!
 

Taogf

 

(6:38 p.m.)

 
Red: soo? How'd work go?
 
B-b-bitch: nothing. He's either extremely hard to crack or he actually doesnt have a crush on richie
 
Red: so he's just hard to crack then 
 
B-b-bitch: apparently
 
Red: sighhhh
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(6:43 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: okay 911 mayday mayday I have a mcfuckin problem
 
Kasbrwak: theres no way in hell that bill doesnt know about my crush
 
Mooke: ???
 
Mooke: what happened??
 
Kasbrwak: he literally asked me today if I had a crush on one of the losers
 
Kasbrwak: and when I said no he told me "eddie its okay if you do, no oes gonna judge you" like what???
 
Mooke: Okay that is weird, I will admit
 
Mooke: but look Eddie, everything is okay. Dont freak out
 
Kasbrwak: im trying not to 
 
Mooke: even if he expects, he must not know for sure bc he would have just confronted you
 
Kasbrwak: Okay thats true
 
Mooke: just keep cool and act like you always do
 
Kasbrwak: Okay, thank you Mike
 
Mooke: no prob
 

Mike>>Billy

 

(6:57 p.m.)

 
Mike: okay how did you find out?
 
Billy: about??
 
Mike: you know what about
 
Billy: I really don't?
 
Mike: eddie told me you were grilling him about crushes today
 
Mike: like you know something that you shouldnt know
 
Billy: do you know something?
 
Mike: do you?? 
 
Mike: cause your usually oblivious when it comes to this stuff
 
Billy: why does everyone say that???
 
Mike: so you know about it?
 
Billy: oh shit you know about it too??
 
Mike: yes but how do you know??
 
Billy: were talking about the same two people right?
 
Mike: eddie and richie, yes?
 
Billy: Yes! but how do you know???
 
Mike: i was told! How do you know?
 
Billy: I was told!!
 
Billy: but he said only me, Stan, and bev knew
 
Billy: so when did he tell you??
 
Mike: Wait
 
Mike: what???
 
Mike: Eddie only told me?
 
Billy: WHAT
 
Mike: thats what he said??
 
Billy: you said eddie told you? 
 
Mike: yeah? 
 
Billy: eddie didnt tell me
 
Mike: ???
 
Billy: Richie told me
 
Billy: about his crush on eddie
 
Mike: Omg oh fuck
 
Billy: holy shit holy shit 
 
Mike: so this means they both like each other?!?!
 
Billy: hold the fucking phone
 

Talking about our gay friends

 

(6:08 p.m.)

 
B-b-bitch: beverly holy fuck
 
Red: What???
 

B-b-bitch added Mike to the group

 
B-b-bitch: Mike tell her what you told me!
 
Mike: what? What chat is this?
 
B-b-bitch: its mine and bevs group chat where we "Talk About Our Gay Friends"
 
Red: Mike?? Bill? Whats going on?
 
Mike: I don't want to tell anyone bill
 
B-b-bitch: just tell her, she knows what i know
 
Red: someone better tell me whats up!
 
Mike: Okay okay fine
 
Mike: eddie has a crush on richie
 
Red: WHAT
 
Red: he does?! How do you know? Are you absolutely sure
 
Mike: yes I'm sure bc eddie told me
 
Red: WHAT
 
Red: how long have you known??
 
Mike: for about 3 years
 
Red: !!!!!!
 
Red: what the fuck!? He told you? Me, Bill and stan have been trying to get him to say something for the longest fucking time and you knew
 
B-b-bitch: yeah ikr
 
Mike: he told me that it was easier to tell me bc I hadnt know them for as long as the others have and he felt that he could trust me 
 
Mike: of course now I feel like shit bc I told people :(
 
Billy: I mean techinaly it was a misunderstanding
 
Red: hey wait we're missing someone
 
Red: sorry mike
 

Red added Stan to the group

 
Red: hey Stan welcome to this shit show
™
Red: and holy fuck have we got news
 
Stan: What? I really don't have time to be in another group chat.
 
Red: make time its important
 
Red: Mike
 
Stan: Mike?
 
Mike: Eddie has a crush on Richie
 
Stan: Holy fuck. You're serious?
 
Mike: yeah he told me
 
Stan: Of course he told you. That makes so much sense in all honesty.
 
Red: assdfgghjj right? 
 
Stan: How long?
 
Mike: 3 years
 
Stan: They've both been crushing on each other this entire time? Those idiots.
 
Mike: apparently
 
Mike: so what now?
 
B-b-bitch: well I dont know about you guys but i think we need to stage an intervention 
 
Red: or we could just pull some background strings and see if we can't make them confess on their own?
 
Stan: I would say we should let them figure it out on their own, but that's clearly not working. But also I don't want to meddle, I'd rather just be upfront about it.
 
Mike: I agree with Stan
 
Red: Okay okay I understand just give me and Bill a chance to get them to do it on their own 
 
Stan: Okay I'll give you one chance but if it doesn't work out well, we're going to do it me and Mike's way.
 
Red: deal.
 
Stan: Okay, now that it's settled.
 

Stan removed himself from the chat

 
B-b-bitch: skksksks alright then
 
Red: Mike? You okay with this
 
Mike: I guess. I just hate keeping this from Eddie. And i still kinda feel bad for letting it slip tbh he trusted me not to say anything
 
B-b-bitch: well like I said before it was kinda a misunderstanding
 
Mike: yeah I guess
 
Mike: I'm also going to go, I dont want to risk eddie seeing this somehow 
 
Red: alright mike, and I promise eddie wont be mad when he and richie finally confess to one another lol
 
Mike: yeah I guess thats true haha
 

Mike removed himself from the chat

 
B-b-bitch: then there were 2
 
Red: dun dun dun
 
B-b-bitch: I can't believe what just happened honestly
 
Red: haha ikr
 
Red: now we gotta find out how to get them to confess
 
B-b-bitch: we will make some plans tomorrow! You busy tomorrow after school?
 
Red: nope im free to plot lol
 
B-b-bitch: hell ye

a


Losers club

 

(8:45 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: why am I getting acne under my chin??? like wtf
 
Stab: Drink water.
 
Dickie toes: uh no thank you I'll survive on my soda
 
Stab: Then dont compain about your acne.
 
Candy corn: I can bring you some fashwash to use
 
Dickie toes: will it help?
 
Candy corn: yeah just use it before bed and when u wake up 
 
Dickie toes: how will i remember that lol
 
Candy corn: just use it whenever you brush your teeth
 
Dickie toes: once a week?
 
Ed-die: ew what the actual fuck richie?!?!?!
 
Candy corn: gross
 
Stab: You guys are suprised?
 
Dickie toes: calm down I brush my teeth daily it was a joke
 
Ed-die: still gross you need to be brushing at least 3 times a day
 
Dickie toes: but thats so many
 
Candy corn: just brush your teeth and wash your face bitch
 
Dickie toes: ok ok
 
Stab: And it wouldn't kill you to drink some water.
 
Ed-die: pffffffff
 
Dickie toes: B¬(
 



Chapter End Notes
I've been so excited for this chapter! I now have the end in sight and have already basically wrote the next 4 chapters after this!!And once again thank you guys for the comments and kudos, it really helps to keep me motivated!And finally, Happy new years!!!!


Chapter 29
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(6:34 a.m.)

 
Moo: only 2 more days guys wooo
 
Stab: I don't know why we even go these last few days. None of the teachers are giving out work. All I did yesterday was read my book.
 
Moo:I dont know either lol
 
Ben handsome: good morning guys!
 
Moo: good morning!
 
Stab: Good morning Ben.
 
Ben handsome: I hope today goes fast
 
Moo: hopefully it will
 

(7:02 a.m.)

 
Billiam: good morning guys
 
Ben handsome: are you just waking up??
 
Billiam: yeah georgie doesnt have school this week, Friday was his last day before break
 
Dickie toes: lucky bastard
 
Stab: Richie.
 
Dickie toes: what??
 
Billiam: sksksksk
 
Candy cane: yo I'm so tired I'm not putting any damn make up on this morning y'all, im just gonna look like a hobo this morning
 
Ben handsome: beverly you look good with or without makeup
 
Candy cane: I know (thank u for the complement tho), but im also wearing my baggy sweatpants and that hoddie I stole from rich
 
Dickie toes: is it my red one!? 
 
Candy cane: maybe
 
Dickie toes: ive been looking for that, stop stealing my clothes Beverly
 
Candy cane: no
 
Dickie toes: imma start stealing yours just fucking watch
 
Billiam: please don't
 
Billiam: I dont wanna see that
 
Ed-die: god why is my phone blowing up this earpy
 
Billiam: earpy
 
Candy cane: earpy
 
Ed-die: shuddap
 
Dickie toes: EDS
 
Dickie toes: im omw now
 
Ed-die: ugh I guess I need to get up then :(
 

Mike>>Stan

 

(7:22 a.m.)

 
Mike: you got anything assigned this morning?
 
Stan: Nope, just watching random "educational" videos.
 
Stan: Why?
 
Mike: mind if I ask you a few questions about the richie/eddie thing
 
Stan: I should've seen this coming.
 
Stan: Also I don't mind. 
 
Mike: how long have you known about richie liking Eddie?
 
Stan: Since we were twelve, I guessed it about two weeks after Rchie realized that he had feelings for Eddie.
 
Mike: holy shit
 
Stan: How about you?
 
Mike: ive known since freshman year, but eddie said hes known since he was around 13
 
Stan: So these idiots have really liked each other for this long.
 
Mike: apparently
 
Stan: I have a really bad feeling about letting Bill and Bev "pulling strings" if i'm being honest.
 
Mike: Yeah i do too
 
Mike: I dont know how to stop them tho
 
Stan: We can't. But if this doesn't work out, were going to have to do something.
 
Mike: yeah
 

Mikey moo>>Pumpkin

 

(9:22 a.m.)

 
Mikey moo: so I was thinking that I might tell my friends about us today
 
Mikey moo: what do you think?
 
Pumpkin: I think that if you're ready that it would be great
 
Pumpkin: I hate sneaking around
 
Mikey moo: yeah me too
 
Mikey moo: and I think they all know now that your not who they remembered you as
 
Pumpkin: yeah I'd hope so
 
Pumpkin: im so glad that you gave me a chance to prove that <3
 
Mikey moo: me too <

3


Losers club

 

(9:32 a.m.)

 
Candy cane: im so fucking glad I wore this hoodie bc its cold as balls in this classroom
 
Candy cane: like it has to be 60 degrees in here
 
Stab: For once she's not being dramatic its cold as hell in here.
 
Candy cane: thank you for agreeing
 
Billiam: did you bring a jacket stan?
 
Stab: Thankfully I brought a sweater. Its still cold as hell though.
 
Dickie toes: that sucks
 
Dickie toes: and that reminds me, i want my jacket back at the end of the day bev
 
Candy cane: what? Noooooo
 
Dickie toes: thats one of my favorites and you know it Beverly
 
Candy cane: but it comfy :(
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(10:22 a.m.)

 
Mooke: im pretty sure im telling everyone about me and greta today
 
Kasbrwak: !! Good! 
 
Mooke: yeah I think it'll feel good to finally get it off my chest you know
 
Kasbrwak: yeah it definatly will feel better lol
 
Kasbrwak: and you won't jmhave to worry about anyone spotting u like i did
 
Mooke: im still just worried about what everyone will think. I dont want them mad at me you know
 
Kasbrwak: I promise you that no one will be mad at you. Theyre gonna be shocked and maybe feel bad that you kept it from them, but no one will be mad.
 
Mooke: Okay, I trust you Eddie. I'm just nervous i guess
 
Kasbrwak: and im gonna be here for you and I'll be there when you tell everyone
 
Mooke: I honestly was thinking about just dropping it into the group chat
 
Kasbrwak: if thats what you want to do, then I'll help however I can
 
Mooke: thank you so much Eddie, for being supportive
 
Kasbrwak: of course! You do nothing but support me id be kinda shitty if i dodnt return the favor every once in awhile lol
 
Mooke: oh also I picked up this ugly ass tracksuit yesterday for richies gift, what do you think?
 
Mooke: tracksuit.jpeg
 
Kasbrwak: thats so fucking ugly, its perfect. Richies going to love it mike
 
Mooke: thank god
 

Losers club

 

(2:22 p.m.)

 
Billiam: where tf are u rich?
 
Stab: Bothering me and Ben.
 
Billiam: of course
 
Dickie toes: sorry billy
 
Ben handsome: He's hiding behind the library desk lol
 
Dickie toes: you should feel privileged to hang out with me
 
Ed-die: lmao he tried to come into study hall and got immediately rejected
 
Billiam: serves him right
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(4:45 p.m.)

 
Mooke: Okay im bout to do it
 
Kasbrwak: Okay okay im right here
 
Kasbrwak: what are you going to say?
 
Mooke: im gonna say it then unadd myself, can you add me back once you see that theyre not super mad please
 
Kasbrwak: yeah of course
 
Mooke: Okay thank you
 
Mooke: here goes nothing
 

Losers club

 

(4:56 p.m.)

 
Moo: okay guys I have something kinda important to tell everyone. 
 
Moo: id do it in person but I'm honestly scared of how you all will react so im sorry in advance
 
Moo: I've been dating greta
 

Moo removed himself from the group

 
Candy cane: WHAT??!!
 
Candy cane: what the actual fuck
 
Billiam: ????
 
Ben handsome: im confused
 
Dickie toes: wow mikes been getttin it in secret
 
Stab: What's the big deal?
 
Candy cane: its greta!
 
Stab: So? Didn't you two work something out?
 
Candy cane: yeahh we did but... Why didnt he just tell us?? Like how long has it been going on?
 
Candy cane: Are you not surprised?
 
Stab: I already thought that they might have been dating, this just confirms it.
 
Candy cane: what?!
 
Ed-die: theyve been dating for 5 months. He didnt say anything bc he thought we would "hate him"
 
Candy cane: 5 whole months? What??
 
Dickie toes: you know??? How long???
 
Ed-die: a month or so. I caught them together in town
 
Dickie toes: and you didnt say anything?!
 
Ed-die: he asked me not to!
 
Ben handsome: why would he think that we'd hate him
 
Ed-die: because we didnt like greta
 
Billiam: but we would never hate him!
 
Ed-die: you guys need to tell him that then has been worried sick about it
 
Ben handsome: someone add him back so we can tell him!
 
Ed-die: wait before we do is anyone mad at him? Bev?
 
Candy cane: no im not mad just suprised and maybe a little hurt he felt that he couldnt tell us.
 
Ed-die: yeah thats how I felt too. Everyone else good?
 
Dickie toes: yeah I dont care who he's been dicking down
 
Stab: Beep beep rich, but I also don't care.
 
Billiam: im good
 
Ben handsome: I dont care! 
 
Ed-die: okay then hold on
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(4:12 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: Mike? Hey no ones mad okay so I'm going to add u back
 
Kasbrwak: is that okay?
 
Mooke: your sure??
 
Kasbrwak: yes
 
Mooke: okay you can add me back then
 

Losers club

 

(4:16 p.m.)

 

Ed-die added Mike to the group

 
Mike: hey guys
 
Billiam: mike I could never hate you!! 
 
Ben handsome: yeah me either. I dont care who u date
 
Dickie toes: im only mad that ur gettin some and im not! 
 
Dickie toes: but seriously ur impossible to hate Mikey 
 
Stab: Same, as long as your happy I am Mike.
 
Candy cane: Mike im so sorry I ever gave the impression I would be mad at you for so ething like this. Even if me and greta have a rocky relationship, if you trust her enough to be in a relationship with her than I can deal. I love you mike.
 
Mike: thank you guys so much for understanding and im so sorry i kept it from you guys for so long. I know its stupid but i was so afraid of losing you guys, I love you all so much.
 
Ed-die: you will never lose us Mike. We're here to stay. I love you too
 
Billiam: ^^^ same
 
Ben handsome: I wish i could give you a hug rn
 
Stab: Mike, I love you and nothing will change that.
 
Dickie toes: i love you too buddy I'm tearing up a little
 
Mike: and i feel love in this chiles tonight
 
Billiam: thats it im omw to give you a hug are you at ur house
 
Mike: yes I am but u dont have too
 
Billiam: I know I want too
 
Ben handsome: damn it im coming too
 
Candy cane: someone get me I wanna come
 
Stab: Obviously im coming too.
 
Dickie toes: me too, eds?
 
Ed-die: yes please
 
Mike: GuYs now im really crying :,)
 

Dickie toes changed Mike's name to Chiles

 
Dickie toes: before I forget lmao
 
Chiles: Richie! Lmao
 

Mikey moo>>Pumpkin

 

(4:26 p.m.)

 
Mikey moo: everything went great, everyone is currently on their way to give me a hug apparently lol
 
Pumpkin: omg lmao im glad it went okay!! I was a little worried tbh
 
Mikey moo: yeah i was too
 
Mikey moo: I'll call you once they leave if thats okay
 
Pumpkin: of course! I'll talk to you then!
 

Beverly>>Greta

 

(6:04 p.m.)

 
Beverly: hey im sure that you know that mike told us today about you two being a couple and I just wanted to let you know that theres no hard feeling between us anymore
 
Beverly: I know when you apologized to me i told you that it would take time and I realized today that I had basically forgiven you
 
Beverly: but also know that if you ever hurt mike, you will not like what i do to you
 
Greta: thank you for telling me that Beverly. I'm so glad to hear it. And dont worry i never plan on hurting Mike, hes one of the best things to happen to me.
 
Beverly: good lol im glad you two are happy
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(6:37 p.m.)

 
Kasbrwak: not to say I told you so but
 
Kasbrwak: but i totally told you so
 
Mooke: that you did im glad u were right
 
Mooke: thank u for giving me the courage to tell them the truth
 
Kasbrwak: your welcome mike
 



Chapter End Notes
Okay! More big reveals this chapter Next chapter is finally a (very late sorry :/) Christmas chapter haha


Chapter 30
Chapter Notes
Here the (really late) christmas chapter lol

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






Losers club



(8:22 a.m.)

 

Chiles: good morning and happy losersmas!! How is everyone??
 

Ben handsome: happy losersmas! I'm doing great this morning how are you Mike?
 
Chiles: im good!!
 
Ed-die: good morning!! Happy losersmas!!
 

(9:46 a.m.)

 

Stab: Good morning, happy losersmas.
 
Chiles: wow Stan, sleeping in?
 
Stab: Shut it.
 
Billiam: happy losersmas!!
 
Candy cane: oh hey everyone happy losersmas!
 
Candy cane: what time will I be seeing everyone today?
 
Ben handsome: you'll see me in a few minutes tbh
 
Candy cane: yay!
 
Billiam: I'll be over in a few hours i think
 
Stab: I can come whenever you want me to.
 
Candy cane: can everyone make it by noon then?
 
Chiles: yeah i definatly can
 
Ed-die: yeah I can ill just have to wake richie up first, hopefully his phones not on silent
 
Stab: I'll probably be there in an hour.
 
Candy cane: Okay great!
 

(10:23 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: happy motherfucking losersmas!!! I love all you losers!
 
Candy cane: i love you too bitch
 
Ed-die: hurry up and get dressed and come get me
 
Dickie toes: hold up I gotta find my ugly christmas sweater first
 
Ed-die: ):
 
Dickie toes: Okay I found it I'll be there soon
 
Ed-die: (:
 

Edboy>>Benboy

 

(10:31 a.m.)

 

Edboy: hey you think it would be okay if I came over today after were done exchanging presents? And maybe spend the night if that possible?
 
Benboy: yeah that would be fine, is everything okay though? Nothing else has happened right??
 
Edboy: nothing else has happened I just dont want to go home tonight, I guess I just need a break from her shit 
 
Benboy: Okay I was just making sure
 
Edboy: can you maybe just not mention it to anyone else? If richie finds out he'll hover around me all day and I just dont feel like talking about all that shit today
 
Benboy: I promise I won't mention it
 
Edboy: thank you Ben
 
Benboy: anytime Eddie, like seriously anytime you need to stay over is fine. My mom loves you lol
 
Edboy: :)
 

Losers club

 

(10:35 a.m.)

 

Dickie toes: dude what the fuck why is it not cold outside
 
Dickie toes: yesterday was Christmas 
 
Ben handsome: yeah I know right, this feels wrong lol
 
Ed-die: im okay with it, I can wear shorts lol
 

Haha Richies gay

 

(10:38 a.m.)

 
Dumbass: oh no hes gonna wear shorts
 
Queen: lmaoo rich 
 
Silly Billy: haha wow
 
Grandpa: You'll live.
 
Dumbass: will I though?
 

Losers club

 

(12:02 p.m.)

 
Candy cane: presents.jpeg
 
Candy cane: look at all these presents!
 
Stab: I love how I can just look at this and guess which one Richie wrapped.
 
Dickie toes: shut up I couldn't find wrapping paper
 
Ed-die: skksksks but newspaper richie?
 
Dickie toes: its paper ain't it
 
Billiam: I can tell which one is bevs too bc youre the only one that always uses a bag 
 
Candy cane: wrapping is hard and I dont like it
 
Candy cane: not all of us can be pros like stan (it looks beautiful by the way)
 
Stab: Thanks, Bev.
 
Candy cane: ur welcome
 

(12:46 p.m.)

 
Candy cane: Okay everyone make your way into the living room, its present time!
 

(1:33 p.m.)

 
Ben handsome: wrappingpaperandtrashonfloor.jpeg
 
Ben handsome: rip to all the pretty presents
 

Bevvy>>Benny

 

(6:37 p.m)

 
Bevvy: thank you once again for my necklace, im never gonna take it off btw
 
Benny: your welcome! I'm glad you like it, I also love the jacket you got me, it means a lot that you took the time to put all these patches and stuff on there!
 
Bevvy: only the best for my man lol im glad you like it! It was so hard to keep it hidden from you while I was working on it lol
 
Benny: im glad I didnt accidentally see it because it was the perfect suprise
 
Bevvy: I love you! Call me later okay?
 
Benny: I love you too and I definatly will!
 


Losers club

 

(8:56 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: im still tearing up because this completely makes up for last year
 
Dickie toes: Mike I love yiur present and i will never take it off and eds I fucking love this skateboard even if ive fallen on my ass about 20 times since I got it
 
Dickie toes: also it is now completely covered in those stickers you got me Mikey boy
 
Chiles: im so glad you like it, I tried to find the ugliest thing i could lol
 
Ed-die: I'm glad you like it rich!
 
Billiam: richiefallingonhisass.vid
 
Billiam: hopefully he dont die tho
 
Ed-die: richie i bought you a damn helmet for a reason wear it! 
 
Dickie toes: it ruins my aesthetic tho
 
Candy cane: how about tomorrow I help you paint it a bright ass color or something
 
Dickie toes: yes!
 
Ed-die: you know being dead would also ruin ur aesthetic you bitch
 
Dickie toes: would it tho?
 
Ed-die: yes it fucking would.
 
Candy cane: anyways just wait til I start doing these tarot reading bitch imma be helping all of y'all
 
Dickie toes: ahem
 
Candy cane: thank you rich :)
 
Dickie toes: ur welcome :P
 
Billiam: haha he did better than i would have, I originally had ur name 
 
Candy cane: oh shit yeah you woulda got me a boring book like stan
 
Stab: That's because you have no taste. I do appreciate the book Bill.
 
Billiam: im glad
 
Candy cane: I know where u live bitch
 
Ben handsome: also I will say thank you to stan for the journal and t shirt Stan, I love them
 
Stab: You're welcome Ben, i'm glad you like it.
 
Chiles: I cant believe that you hid that you had me eddie lol i never guessed
 
Ed-die: haha yeah I was glad to get you because I knew I could find you a present
 
Chiles: and you did! I love it Eddie, now i can take photos of all of us!
 

Losers club

 

(12:54 a.m.)

 
Dickie toes: ugh I went to lay down and now I'm wide awake 
 
Billiam: bitch same hold on
 

Willy>>Dick

 

(1:04 a.m.)

 
Willy: I dont want Stan to yell at us lmao
 
Willy: what's up?
 
Dick: nothing really I just can't sleep hbu?
 
Willy: same
 
Willy: it sure was nice of Eddie to get you a skate board lol
 
Dick: yeah I know, I almost cried when I opened it. I was expecting something small since it was an "extra" gift so it surprised me
 
Willy: yeah I could tell you looked like you could cried
 
Willy: I think bev got a video of you squeezing the life outta poor eddie lmao
 
Dick: haha yeah, it was a very emotional moment 
 
Willy: I think I enjoyed our losersmas better than my family Christmas if I'm gonna be honest
 
Dick: same I love all y'all so much
 
Willy: :) 
 
Dick: mind if I call you?
 
Willy: nah go ahead
 



Chapter End Notes
Secret snowflake presents exchanged:-Eddie got Mike a Polaroid camera-Mike got Richie a tracksuit set and some stickers-Bev got Eddie a blue jean jacket with some cool patches on it-Bill got Stan some books including a Huge bird watching book-Ben got Bill some nice hardcover notebooks and a pen set for writing-Stan got Ben a journal and a nice t shirt-Richie got Bev a tarot card set


Chapter 31
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(3:32 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: when are you losers getting here? I'm fucking bored
 
Billiam: I'll be there soon hold ur horses
 
Chiles: give me like hlf and hour 
 
Ben handsome: me and bev will be there before too long
 
Stab: I love how you're acting like me and Eddie are apparently not good enough.
 
Ed-die: yeah ya bitch
 
Dickie toes: you guys keep puttting it on boring ass youtube videos
 
Billiam: lmao like what?
 
Dickie toes: right now were literally watching someone makeover their room kill me
 
Candy cane: hey those are really enjoyable to me
 
Billiam: yeah bc your living through them cause your rooms a wreak lmao
 
Candy cane: shut the fuck up
 
Dickie toes: ughhhhh
 
Ed-die: rich just come here and shut up
 
Dickie toes: fine :[
 
Billiam: im leaving now
 
Dickie toes: thank God
 
Ed-die: im gonna fucking kick you
 

Taogf

 

(4:02 p.m.)

 
Red: Okay I know that this week has been one disaster after the next but maybe tonight will go as planned
 
B-b-bitch: Beverly nooo u just jinxed us
 
Red: shut up no i didn't
 
B-b-bitch: well if it dont work it's ur fault
 
Red: are you already there?
 
B-b-bitch: yeah im here
 
Red: Okay so are you gonna tell richie that eddie has a crush?
 
B-b-bitch: not right now bc we're all watching youtube vids 
 
B-b-bitch: imma wait til hes alone
 
Red: oh okay that makes sense
 
B-b-bitch: and you've got the bottle for truth or dare right?
 
Red: yep
 
B-b-bitch: Okay then lets do this I guess lol
 
B-b-bitch: I'll let you know when I tell him 
 
Red: ok me and Ben will be there before too long
 

Willy>>Dick

 

(5:26 p.m.)

 
Willy: dude where are you I need to tell u something
 
Dick: I'm in the bathroom lmao whats up?
 
Willy: well I was gonna tell you in person but
 
Dick: just tell me Billy boy
 
Willy: eddie told me he has a crush and I definatly think its on you. You should make a move tonight!
 
Dick: he told you he has a crush? When?
 
Willy: the other day when we were leaving work, he wouldnt tell me who
 
Dick: so it could be anyone then
 
Willy: no im telling you that its on you, like I know it is
 
Dick: you dont know that though
 
Willy: just trust me rich
 
Dick: ok
 
Willy: richie
 

Taogf

 

(5:32 p.m.)

 
B-b-bitch: Okay I told him
 
Red: Okay how'd it go
 
B-b-bitch: billandrichtextscreenshot.jpeg
 
Red: shit he might not believe its on him
 
Red: hopefully he'll get enough courage to at least ask eddie about it
 
B-b-bitch: yeah I hope so
 

Stan the man>>Big Bill

 

(6:12 p.m.)

 
Stan the man: Why is Richie moping around?
 
Big Bill: shit is he really??
 
Stan the man: Yes, he went from being in a great mood to looking like a kicked puppy. What happened?
 
Big Bill: I may have told him that eddie told me he had a crush on someone and said I thought he was talking about rich
 
Stan he man: Bill. You know Richie, he's not going to believe that it's him. Now he's walking around thinking Eddie likes some other guy. What the fuck.
 
Big Bill: im sorry i didnt think he'd take it that way i swear
 
Stan the man: What was the rest of the plan?
 
Big Bill: later on we were gonna play truth or dare and dare rich and ed to go into the closet for 10 minutes, hoping that rich would mention the crush thing
 
Stan the man: Sigh. Okay, I don't think thats a good idea but go for it I guess. 
 
Big Bill: oh come on Stan be supportive
 
Stan the man: That is me being supportive.
 

Taogf

 

(6:20 p.m.)

 
B-b-bitch: fuck we messed up now richies upset
 
Red: fuck
 
B-b-bitch: also stan knows the plan and is mildly dissapointed in us
 
Red: FUCK
 
Red: now what?
 
B-b-bitch: lets just go along with the plan I guess
 
Red: alrighty
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(7:45 p.m.)

 

Kasbrwak: 
have you noticed how quiet rich is being? Hes barely talking and everytime i get close to him he goes somewhere else??

 

Mooke: 
ive noticed him being quiet but i didnt see anything out of the ordinary happen? Maybe hes feeling bad or something?

 

Kasbrwak: 
yeah its just weird cause like an hour or so ago he was acting just fine

 

Mooke: 
yeah maybe he'll get bck to feeling better soon then

 

Kasbrwak: 
i hope so :(

 


Mike>>Bev


 

(7:51 p.m.)

 
Mike: is something up with rich, eddies worried about him. Says hes acting wierd.
 
Bev: fuck
 
Bev: bill told him eddie has a crush and told him that he thinks its on rich but rich wont believe him and is now upset
 
Mike: damn guys this is why meddling is bad
 
Bev: yeah I know we fucked up but were trying to fix it !
 
Mike: well please do it fast
 
Bev: im trying!
 

Taogf

 

(7:55 p.m.)

 
Red: fuck now mike knows and is also disappointed 
 
B-b-bitch: nooo how did he find out
 
Red: he texted me cause Eddie noticed richie acting wierd 
 
B-b-bitch: fml
 
Red: I hope we can fix this
 

Kasbrwak>>Mooke

 

(9:46 p.m)

 

Kasbrwak: 
well that was the most akward 10 mins of my life. Rich just sat there and didnt say much of anything
.

 

Mooke: oh wow, thats odd

 

Kasbrwak: I asked him what was wrong but all he said was he wasnt feeling good and that he might be getting sick so I should stay away??

 

Mooke: 
see? Maybe he is just feeling bad, hes always going outside it short sleeves and shit. He could really just feel sick

 

Kasbrwak: 
I don't know Mike, ive seen richie sick and he doesnt act like this. Usually he wants attention 

 

Kasbrwak: 
im about to go to sleep, in the living room cause rich said not to sleep in his bed because "germs"

 

Mooke: 
Okay eddie im sorry

 


Mike>>Bev


 

(9:49 p.m.)

 
Mike: and now eddie is upset :(
 
Bev: goddamnit I'm so sorry this whole plan has turned out horrible
 
Bev: I promise me and Bill are gonna fix this
 
Mike: I hope so, I'll do my best to help as well
 

Taogf

 

(9:57 p.m.)

 
Red: Okay we fucked up :(
 
B-b-bitch: yeah i know we really are bad at this shit
 
Red: lets just try to salvage the situation the best we can
 
B-b-bitch: im gonna try


Mike>>Stan

 

(10:02 p.m.)

 
Mike: Okay I think its time for our plan bc Bill and bev arent doing anything but making it worse at this point
 
Stan: I agree. If this isnt better soon we need to do it.
 
Stan: I say we give it a week at most and if they aren't together we go ahead and do it.
 
Mike: agreed
 
Stan: And on that note im going to sleep, goodnight Mike.
 
Mike: goodnight!


My love>>My light

 

(10:22 p.m.)

 
My love: can you please sleep in my bed tonight? Im not feeling good
 
My light: yeah ill be there soon, just gottta let ben know!
 
My love: Okay thank you




Chapter End Notes
They're trying their best guysAlso sorry for this lol


Chapter 32
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Bench (Ben)>>Ranch (Richie)

 

(10:55 a.m.)

 
Bench: hey rich, you up?
 
Ranch: yepp I am sadly at work so i am up
 
Ranch: whats up?
 
Bench: well im at the library this morning
 
Ranch: oh yeah for ur part time thingy
 
Ranch: hows that going?
 
Bench: its going real good!

 

Bench: anyways this girl named Sandy says that she knows you and wanted your number, I was just checking to see if you'd be okay with that?
 
Ranch: oh yeah! I know sandy
 
Ranch: we had a class together last year, go ahead and give it to her!
 
Bench: Okay i will!
 

Sandy>>Richie

 

(11:02 a.m.)

 
Sandy: hey rich! This is Sandy from history last year, you still remember me?
 
Richie: ofc I do! How could i forget ya? You were the only one that kept me sane in that boring ass class
 
Sandy: im glad! I always meant to get ur number, bc you were so fun to hang out with my my (now ex) boyfriend woulda freaked if he saw a boy texting me lol
 
Richie: well then im glad you dumped his ass i hate shit like that
 
Sandy: yeah im glad too lol I just hate that it took so long to do, I broke up with him only 2 weeks ago
 
Richie: oh damn that mustve been rough, you doing okay
 
Sandy: yeah im doing better than ever actually!
 
Sandy: to be honest I was actually wanting to ask you a question
 
Richie: Okay shoot it off at me baby
 
Sandy: do you think we could actually go out sometime, like a date? Youre really cute and fun and in all honesty, I think we could have alot of fun together
 
Sandy: unless your with someone? I know last year you had said you were crushin real hard on someone, cause if you dont want to id be glad with just being friends
 
Richie: im still single! And you know what that sounds like a lot of fun! What day were you thinking?
 
Sandy: this Friday okay?
 
Richie: yepp thats good with me!
 
Sandy: Okay! Ill text you later with details okay?
 
Richie: yeah ill be here!
 

Losers club

 

(12:35 p.m)

 
Candy cane: good morning everyone
 
Stab: Morning?
 
Candy cane: its morning to me bitch
 
Stab: Okay that's fair.
 
Chiles: haha wow
 
Chiles: what are you guys up to today?
 
Stab: Nothing, really, just sitting around watching youtube right now.
 
Candy cane: same but I'm still curled up in bed
 
Stab: What about you Mike?
 
Chiles: Gotta date in a bit but after that I got nothin
 
Ben handsome: im at the library til later on today
 
Candy cane: I know :(
 
Candy cane: im lonely:((
 
Ben handsome: im sorry baby :(((
 
Dickie toes: y'all stop being gross on the main chat eww
 
Candy cane: shut the fuck
 
Dickie toes: I wish I was in my bed rn 
 
Ed-die: I am in mine rn and have no plans whatsoever to leave
 
Dickie toes: that sounds amazing rn im jello
 
Ben handsome: what flavor?
 
Dickie toes: strawberry
 
Stab: Lime.
 
Ben handskme: sksksk
 
Dickie toes: wack.jpeg
 

Sandy>>Richie

 

(2:40 p.m.)

 
Sandy: Okay, do you think you could meet me at the mall at like 3 Friday?
 
Richie: yes ma'am I can
 
Sandy: lmao okay I thought we could get some food and watch a movie or something?
 
Richie: yeah that sounds fun to me 
 
Sandy: yay!
 
Richie: B¬)
 
Sandy: 8>)
 
    
 

Haha Richie's gay

 

(3:00 p.m.)

 
Dumbass: I have something to tell y'all but first let me change this group chat name so im not completely disrespecting it lmao
 
Queen: ???
 

Dumbass changed the group name to Haha Richie's bi

 
Dumbass: Okay thats better
 
Queen: Richie??? Whats going on we already know your bi
 
Dumbass: i know but what you dont know is I have a date this Friday with this girl I had class with last semester
 
Dumbass: her name is Sandy and shes actually pretty great so theres that
 
Queen: what?!?!?
 
Queen: why??
 
Dumbass: bc she asked me 
 
Dumbass: I mean why not?
 
Queen: but what about Eddie??
 
Dumbass: what about him??? I love him but he doesnt feel the same so why should I not try to be happy? Do you want me to be miserable ? 
 
Dumbass: i thought that you would be supportive
 
Queen: I am but i mean this is just sudden
 
Silly Billy: richie what about what i told you?? 
 
Dumbass: thats exactly why i said yes. Eds likes someone else, so im taking a chance
 
Silly Billy: why wont you just believe me when i tell you that he is talking about you
 
Dumbass: im not going to believe it until I hear it out if his mouth which is never going to happen
 
Grandpa: Guys stop. Richie, if this is what you want to do then go for it but don't do it just because you think Eddie likes someone else, okay?
 
Dumbass: okay I want to do it
 
Silly Billy: richie
 
Dumbass: look I can't deal with this right now
 

Dumbass unadded themselves from Haha Richie's bi

 
Queen: fuck fuck fuck FUCK
 
Silly Billy: how the fuck are we going to fix this????
 
Grandpa: You guys are not going to do shit. That's how. Just stop messing around with Richie's feelings. You should have never told him that to begin with. But, what's done is done so just stop messing around. I'll fix this.
 
Queen: I never would've done anything to hurt richie on purpose and im not going to stop trying to help him now
 
Grandpa: Seriously Beverly, just don't try anything. Please. I'm going to figure out if I can do anything. But if this is what he wants don't try to stop him. Its not fair to Richie.
 
Queen: fuck your right I gotta go apologize
 
Silly Billy: im sorry stan I never meant for all of this to happen feel terrible
 
Grandpa: I know you didnt want this to happen, but now that it did, you still need to face the consequences. You can start by not trying anything else and apologizing to him.
 
Silly Billy: Okay I will
 

Stan>>Mike

 

(3:35 p.m.)

 
Stan: Hey Mike, we have a problem.
 
Stan: A pretty bad problem.
 
Mike: whats wrong??
 
Stan: Richie has a date this Friday with a girl he just started talking to. But the main reason hes going is because he still believes Eddie has a crush on some other guy.
 
Mike: shit oh my god what are we going to do?
 
Stan: I think you should tell Eddie the truth.
 
Mike: just tell him??
 
Stan: Yes. Just tell him straight foward that Richie likes him back and has for a long time. And tell him he has til Friday to do something about it because richies has agreed to go on a date with someone. Hell, I would even tell him about Bill and Bev's botched attempt at trying to help.
 
Mike: why me? And why not just tell richie the truth??
 
Stan: Because out of all of us, Eddie will trust you the most. And at this point Richie won't believe us. Actually, I dont think he would believe that Eddie likes him if anyone tells him, besides Eddie himself.
 
Mike: Okay I'll tell him. I can't promise that he will believe me but I'll try
 
Stan: Okay, good luck Mike. Please tell me how it goes

.


Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(3:54 p.m.)

 
Mooke: Eddie are you where you can talk?
 
Kasbrwak: im in my room so yeah
 
Mooke: Okay im about to tell you something kinda heavy. Are you by yourself?
 
Kasbrwak: yes? Ma is downstairs though. Youre kinda freaking me out here
 
Mooke: Okay im sorry eddie
 
Kasbrwak: its okay just tell me
 
Mooke: Okay uh im just trying to find the best way to word this
 
Mooke: just dont intterupt me okay
 
Kasbrwak: Okay I wont just please spit it out
 
Mooke: Okay the other day when you told me about Bill hounding you about crushes I texted him about it to ask what he was doing
 
Kasbrwak: Mike!
 
Mooke: you promised you wouldnt interrupt
 
Kasbrwak: Okay sorry go on
 
Mooke: well he acted like he knew something about your crush but he was confused and ended up telling me that Richie had told him that he had a crush on you
 
Mooke: and then I found out that not only was Bill saying that but both beverly and Stan also told me that richie had told them this and talked about it with them quite a lot
 
Mooke: so what im saying to you is that I know for sure that richie likes you too and apparently has for some time.
 
Kasbrwak: can I speak now?
 
Mooke: yeah, though there is a little bit more to this
 
Kasbrwak: youre sure that theyre telling the truth?
 
Mooke: yes 100 %
 
Kasbrwak: Okay I feel like my soul has left its body omg
 
Kasbrwak: what else is there? It's bad news isnt it cause of course it is, this is too good to be true
 
Mooke: its not great
 
Kasbrwak: well??
 
Mooke: Okay so bev and Bill have been trying to get you two to confess, that's why bills been pestering you, and he may have told richie that you had a crush on someone hoping rich would believe it might be on him nd talk to you
 
Mooke: thats why he wass been acting wierd. But also richie ,thinking that you liked someone else, agreed to go on a date this Friday. So you need to tell him how you feel before then.
 
Kasbrwak: Okay thats a lot to take in. 
 
Kasbrwak: im feeling a wierd mix of happy and anxious. Im of course happy that rich likes me but he has a date in 2 days?? Fuck mike
 
Mooke: I understand. I was going to wait to see if you guys worked it out or even just tell you in person but. After everything that's hppened recently I hd to go ahead and tell you this way and im sorry. 
 
Kasbrwak: its okay Mike, I understand

 
 
Mooke: will you please tell him
 
Kasbrwak: I dont know right now. Im just a bit overwhelmed.
 
Mooke: Eddie i know its alot but if richie does go on this date and it goes well he could get together with this person and I dont want you to miss this chance. If you both like each other then you two should be together or at least talk about it
 
Kasbrwak: yeah i know thank you for telling me, i just need a minute okay?
 
Mooke: yeah yeah thats fine
 

Mike>>Stan

 

(4:37 p.m.)

 
Mike: Okay I told him everything
 
Mike: he said he needed a minute to process everything
 
Stan: Is he going to talk to Richie?
 
Mike: he said he didnt know what he was going to do
 
Stan: Shit. I guess im going to have to text him.
 
Mike: good luck
 

Stan>>Eddie

 

(4:43 p.m.)

 
Stan: Hey Eddie. I know you just talked to Mike but I thought I would text you just to say that It's true. I've known that Richie liked you since we were 12 and its only gotten stronger over the years. 
 
Stan: I can even send you some texts if you're having trouble believeing it.
 
Eddie: hey Stan. I believe you and i know you wouldnt lie but some proof would be nice and since 12?!?!
 
Stan: Yes, since 12 and believe me he has freaked out about it several times. I'm gonna send you some screen shots from just a week ago.
 
Stan: richiescreenshot1.jpeg
 
Stan: richiescreenshot2.jpeg
 
Stan: richiescreenshot3.jpeg
 
Eddie: okay thank you Stan, just give me a little while to process all of this
 
Stan: Okay, i'm giving you until tomorrow. But after that i'm gonna keep bugging you, so im just warning you.
 
Eddie: Okay i'll talk to you then
 

Stan>>Mike

 

(4:51p.m.)

 
Stan: Okay I talked to him, he said to give him until tomorrow. Hopefully he'll be ready then. If not, there's not much else we can do.
 
Mike: okay then i hope he is
 

Losers club

 

(8:57 p.m.)

 
Ben handsome: what should I get for dinner, mcdonalds or taco bell?
 
Chiles: taco bell all the way
 
Ben handsome: thnk you
 
Candy cane: when are you getting here?
 
Ben handsome: as soon as I get the food ill be onw, you want ur usual?
 
Candy cane: yes please <3
 
Billiam: I want what you guys have :(
 
Chiles: want me to pick up some taco bell and head over, im sure Greta wouldn't mind
 
Billiam: only if I get to be the big spoon
 
Chiles: oh shit man that might be a deal breaker
 
Billiam: sksksk
 
Chiles: but seriously do you want some taco bell?
 
Billiam: lol no not today I'm gonna have to get a rain check, but thank you mike
 
Billiam: im probably just gonna go to bed
 
Candy cane: mike is the literal best person as usual
 

Candy cane changed Billiam's username to Littlespoon

 
Littlespoon: thanks.
 
Chiles: asdffghhjk 
 



Chapter End Notes
Oof man


Chapter 33
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 


(8:42 a.m.)

 

Ben handsome: wow I can't believe how quiet this chat is being, are you guys okay??
 

Dickie toes: hey benny boy, im doing good I just woke up lmao 
 

Ben handsome: hey rich! What are you up to today?
 

Dickie toes: I got work in about an hour and I'll be there til 6 so not much 
 

Ben handsome: maybe ill try to stop by later 
 

Dickie toes: thatd be fucking great tbh im sure youd be one of the only customers
 

Dickie toes: also thank you for yesterday cause I gotta date tomorrow haha
 

Ben handsome: oh really? Thats great! Hope it goes well!
 

Dickie toes: its me of course it'll go well ;)
 


My light>>My love

 


(12:11 p.m.)

 

My light: richie?
 

My love: yeah
 

My light: im sorry for not being more supportive yesterday. It just took me by shock and I shouldnt have reacted that way
 

My love: its fine bev, really im not mad
 

My light: Okay I just wanted you to know that you can tell me anything okay and I love you
 

My love: I love you too
 


Losers club

 


(1:26 p.m.)

 

Chiles: hey guys sorry I havent said much today ive been busy haha
 

Ed-die: let me guess, hanging out with ur girlfriend?
 

Chiles: I will neither agree or deny that claim
 

Ed-die: sksks then yes
 

Candy cane: I've been taking down the Christmas lights
 

Candy cane: I woulda gladly left them up all year but my aunt really wants them down 
 

Stab: Glad I don't have that problem.
 

Candy cane: ugh
 

Candy cane: jokes on her tho I'm putting the red light from the tree up in my bedroom
 

Stab: Why?
 

Candy cane: mood lighting™
 

Stab: Okay.
 

Candy cane: oh hey I need to do this too
 


Candy cane changed their name to Red hawt

 

Red hawt: back to the basics
 

Ben handsome: have you finished taking the lights down or do you need help??
 

Red hawt: im done! Thank you though hun
 


Eddie added Stan and Mike to a group chat named So I don't have to do this twice

 


(2:10 p.m.)

 

Eddie: Okay ive thought it over
 

Mike: and??
 

Eddie: I dont think im going to do anything right now
 

Eddie: is it fair to richie for me to run to him now when hes going on a date tomorrow? I mean if he want to go out with this girl than he should be able to.
 

Mike: Eddie no
 

Eddie: but its true he said it earlier in the main chat! Hes looking foward to it! I had my chance to tell him but couldn't! He's moved on
 

Stan: Eddie. He was literally talking about liking you 4 days ago he hasn't moved on. Just admit the real reason you dont want to. You're scared and that's normal, but you really need to tell him. I can't force you but I promise you that both of you would be happier if you did.
 

Eddie: Okay fucking fine! Im scared!! Happy now?
 

Eddie: why couldnt you giys just text richie then?? Why did yall have to tell me?!
 

Stan: Because I know Richie. No matter what we said he wouldn't have believed us. He wont believe that there's anyway you could like him back. He doesn't think he's good enough.
 

Mike: Stan?
 

Stan: I'm sorry i'm just telling the truth. 
 

Eddie: look this isnt fair! I can't just do this so fast, I need a few days or something to prepare its so soon
 

Mike: i know eddie im sorry but theres just no time
 

Stan: If Richie ends up going on that date, It's going to be much harder for you to tell him. Theres a big chance this girl will stay around, then you won't want to tell him because there will be another date planned and then another.
 

Eddie: look I cant do this right now okay I just cant
 


Eddie unadded themselves from the group

 


Mike>>Stan

 


(2:21 p.m.)

 

Mike: what now?
 

Stan: If Eddie can't pull his head out of his ass and just tell Richie how he feels than theres nothing we can do. it's all up to Eddie now.
 

Mike: fuck
 


Bev>>Billy

 


(2:36 p.m.)

 

Bev: Bill, you okay? Havent heard anything from you all day
 

Billy: yeah I'm fine. I just feel real guilty about screwing everything up i guess, and I think rich is still mad at me
 

Bev: yeah its been bothering me too
 

Billy: still makes me feel like shit
 

Bev: yeah i get it
 

Bev: just text him or something, thats what i did and it made me feel better, I think he was more upset than anything 
 

Billy: yeah i will later today, i think im gonna take a nap for right now I didnt sleep well last night
 

Bev: Okay Bill, hope you can get some rest
 


Bevvy>>Benny

 


(2:48 p.m.)

 

Bevvy: hey do you think you could come over today? I know you literally just left this morning but i just want to see you
 

Benny: yeah I can, you okay??
 

Bevvy: yeah im just a little sad and wanted to see you, maybe watch a movie or something
 

Benny: of course ill be right there!
 

Bevvy: thank you 
 


Willy>>Dick

 


(4:43 p.m.)

 

Willy: hey rich, I acted like a dick yesterday and im sorry. I should've supported what you wanted and im so so sorry.
 

Dick: hey I thought I was dick lmao your Willy
 

Willy: im sorry for acting like a Willy, dick
 

Dick: its okay, im fine. Thank you for apologizing Bill
 

Willy: its not okay tho rich, ive been a horrible friend recently and I feel like shit about it
 

Dick: dont feel bad i understand okay, were good I promise
 

Willy: Okay thank you, i will be nothing but suportive for now on
 

Dick: I'll hold you to that lol 
 


Losers club

 


(5:48 p.m.)

 

Dickie toes: I just wanna thank Ben for being a true friend, he brought me onion rings
 

Red hawt: I can't believe that richie stole my boyfriend
 

Dickie toes: sucks to suck bevvy
 

Ben handsome: sksksks im sorry
 

Red hawt: just dont be giving away any of my kisses
 

Dickie toes: oh damn and I was sittin here hoping that if I played my cards right we could go into the back and make out
 

Red hawt: asddfghhjkl 
 

Ben handsome: I'll try my best bev
 

Red hawt: lmaooo
 


Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 


(6:02 p.m.)

 

Mooke: so your reallly not going to tell him?
 

Mooke: Eddie?
 

Mooke: Okay i know youre probably reading these so please just consider talking to him, i just want you to be happy
 


Greta>>Beverly

 


(6:45 p.m.)

 

Greta: hey bev, this is going to sound wierd as hell but can i please have Eddie's number
 

Beverly: uh yeah it sounds wierd, is there a certain reason??
 

Greta: I just needed to talk to him about setting up a suprise for Mike, I know that him and eddie talk a lot so thought he could help
 

Beverly: aw that sounds sweet, let me know if I can help
 

Beverly: [Eddie's phone contact]
 

Greta: thank you! And I will
 


Greta>>Eddie

 


(6:52 p.m.)

 

Greta: is this Eddie?
 

Eddie: yes? Who is this?
 

Greta: its greta
 

Eddie: uhhh hey whats up?
 

Greta: im only texting you because you're making a huge ass mistake
 

Eddie: what? 
 

Greta: im not blind or deaf, ive been with mike all day while this shit has been going on and eddie i gotta say what the fuck?
 

Eddie: mike told you??!!
 

Greta: more or less, I dont know everything all i do know is that even before dating mike i could tell that you two liked each other, and I honestly thought you two would have figured it out by now
 

Eddie: What? how???
 

Greta: its fucking obvious. 
 

Greta: I know its not my place to give you advice so I won't. Im just going to tell you one thing. If you dont tell him how you feel you will regret it. 
 

Eddie: i know but im scared
 

Greta: there nothing to be scared of, he likes you Eddie! Just go over to his house and fucking tell him that you feel the same way! 
 

Eddie: its not that simple!
 

Greta: yes Eddie, it really is. Are you really gonna let some girl stand in your way of getting the guy you've wanted for years? Stop letting your fear get the best of you.
 

Eddie: Okay i understand I just dont know if I can do this right now so please just stop
 

Greta: don't worry im done. I just thought id let you know how dumb you were being. Im not going to say anything else about it

.



Eds>>Rich

 


(8:21 p.m.)

 

Eds: you off work yet? 
 

Rich: headed home now, why?
 

Eds: im headed over to your house right now
 

Rich: oh? Is someone driving you?
 

Eds: no im walking
 

Rich: what?! Its cold as fuck im coming to get you
 

Eds: Okay im about halfway there
 

Rich: I'll be there in about a min, did something happen??
 

Eds: no I just need to see you
 

Rich: ??? Are you okay???
 

Eds: just get here and ill tell you everything
 


Richie>>Sandy

 


(10:37 p.m.)

 

Richie: im really sorry to do this so late but I can't go out with you anymore
 

Sandy: oh? Did something come up?
 

Richie: yeah it did the guy whove ive been in love with for years apparently likes me back 
 

Sandy: oh my god thats great! I understand, im guess you wanna just be friends then lol
 

Richie: yeah that would be great thank you
 

Sandy: no problem richie




Chapter End Notes
👀Also I wrote a small fic of the confession scene if you wanna read it


Chapter 34
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






Losers club

 

(7:23 a.m.)

 
Ben handsome: good morning everyone!
 
Littlespoon: good morning ben, how are you doing this morning?
 
Ben handsome: im doing good? How are you?
 
Littlespoon: still a little tired tbh
 
Stab: Good morning guys.
 
Ed-die: Good morning everyone!
 
Ben handsome: oh hey Stan and eddie! What are you guys up too?
 
Stab: Nothing much as usual.
 
Ed-die: no plans other than staying here in bed where its warm and comfy :)
 
Stab: You seem to be in good spirits this morning, Eddie.
 
Ed-die: I am, thank you for noticing
 
Dickie toes: do you want iced coffee or hot
 
Ed-die: iced! Thank you
 
Littlespoon: why do you want iced when its this cold??
 
Stab: Oh. Okay then that explains it.
 
Ed-die: pffff
 
Littlespoon: ???
 

Mooke>>Kasbrwak

 

(7:31 p.m.)

 
Mooke: !!!!!!! EDDIE does thismean what i think it does??
 
Kasbrwak: YES it does! I was just about to text you to say thank you!! I went to talk to him last night.
 
Mooke: thank fuck! Later I expect to hear EVERYthing okay
 
Kasbrwak: yeah ill call when i can lol
 

Losers club

 

(7:34 a.m.)

 
Dickie toes: Okay im on my way back
 
Ed-die: good I'm getting kinda cold
 
Dickie toes: give me a few minutes and I'll be there to cuddle the shit outta you
 
Red hawt: I miss my cuddle buddy :(
 
Ben handsome: im sorry bev :( :(
 
Red hawt: its okay imma find my heater
 
Littlespoon: thats so sad lmao
 
Red hawt: shuddap 
 

Stan>>Mike

 

(7:36 a.m.)

 
Stan: Am I right in thinking that they finally got their shit together?
 
Mike: yepp!!
 
Stan: Fuck yes. I'm finally free from this bullshit.
 
Mike: lmaoo 
 

Eddie>>Greta

 

(8:20 a.m.)

 
Eddie: hey I just wanted to say thank you for texting me. I was able to stop being a dumbass lol
 
Greta: you're welcome eddie and im glad to hear it, you owe me now
 
Eddie: I'll buy you a coffee or something
 
Greta: sounds good to me 
 

Losers club

 

(3:23 p.m.)

 
Ben handsome: so richie, you excited for tonight?
 
Dickie toes: huh
 
Ben handsome: your date?
 
Dickie toes: oh yeah im not going on it anymore lol
 
Ben handsome: oh no what happened??
 
Dickie toes: I found someone better ;)
 
Ben handsome: oh? Who?
 
Red hawt: REALLY??? 
 
Red hawt: IT HAPPENED??
 
Dickie toes: maybe ;)
 
Red hawt: and you didn't text me bitch?!
 
Dickie toes: ive been busy if u know what I mean ;))
 
Ed-die: beep beep richie
 
Ben handsome: ??? Im so confused?? :(
 
Littlespoon: AHHHHH WHAT??? 
 
Red hawt: AHHHHHH IKR
 
Littlespoon: so you two are officially together? Like for real?
 
Dickie toes: me and eddie are officially a couple B¬)
 
Red hawt: FUCK YES
 
Little spoon: asdldieuwhwbeoenevgri
 
Stab: Fucking finally. I am also very happy for you two.
 
Chiles: im so glad for you guys!!
 
Ben handsome: wait you're with Eddie? Our Eddie?
 
Dickie toes: no ben I'm dating eddie corcoran
 
Ben handsome: ????????
 
Ed-die: yes Ben, me and richie are dating. Just ignore him
 
Ed-die: also thank you guys
 
Ben handsome: oh? Then I'm so glad even tho I'm still trying to catch up lol this was unexpected
 
Stab: You had no idea about them?
 
Ben handsome: no? Did you?
 
Stab: Yeah? I think you're the only one who didnt have any idea.
 
Ben handsome: what?? Really?
 
Red hawt: oh Ben
 
Littlespoon: even I knew
 
Dickie toes: only cause i accidentally told you!
 
Ed-die: what??
 
Red hawt: oh yeah richie accidentally texted the wrong gc about how much he wanted to kiss you then immediately unadded himself lmao
 
Ed-die: really hahahaha omg
 
Dickie toes: yep that happened
 
Chiles: pffffttttf omg
 
Littlespoon: thattextscreenshot.jpeg
 
Ed-die: omfg you dork
 
Dickie toes: the dork you love
 
Ed-die: still a dork
 
Red hawt: awww
 
Stab: Great, now we have two cheesy couples to deal with.
 
Red hawt: stop being grouchy and take your afternoon nap old man Stan
 
Littlespoon: hahahaha old man Stan
 

Dickie toes changed Stab's name to Old man Stan

 
Dickie toes: asdfghhjkll go take ur nap
 
Old man Stan: Fuck off.
 

Eddie>>Stan

 

(3:38 p.m.)

 
Eddie: hey stan I just wanted to thank you for telling me, and putting up with my stubbornness
 
Stan: You're more than welcome, Eddie. I'm just glad you two are happy.
 
Eddie: you really are a big soft huh
 
Stan: Shut up, Eddie.
 
Eddie: :)
 

My light>>My love

 

(3:44 p.m.)

 
My light: biiitttccchhh I'm so happy for you!! 
 
My love: ahhh I still can't believe it tbh
 
My love: I feel like any second I'll wake up and it would all be a dream or something
 
My light: I know what you mean, I felt the same when me and Ben got together and I only had a crush on him for like a month
 
My light: is he still there?
 
My love: yeah hes taking a nap rn we havent really left the bed 
 
My love: (but like not in a sexy way)
 
My light: aww, you two been cuddling all morning?
 
My love: yepp nd kissing
 
My love: lots of kissing
 
My light: you two are going to beat me and ben as cutest couple now 
 
My love: sorry my dear
 
My light: somehow I think i'll live lol
 
My love: okay now i think imma take a nap with my boyfriend
 
My light: sweet dreams romeo
 

Losers club

 

(5:15 p.m.)

 
Dickie toes: I am awake
 
Littlespoon: good for you?
 
Dickie toes: yeah it really is
 
Ben handsome: congrats for waking up
 
Dickie toes: thank you for being a good friend Ben
 
Littlespoon: go back to sleep bitch
 
Ben handsome: pfffff
 
Red hawt: maybe you should take a nap Billy
 
Littlespoon: >:¬(
 

Stanloo>>Richardo

 

(5:34 a.m.)

 
Stanloo: Hey Richie, I just wanted to say how happy I am for you. I'm glad you two finally got you're shit together.
 
Richardo: same im so happy Stan
 
Stanloo: Good. You two enjoy it, you both derserve it.
 
Richardo: thank you 
 
Richardo: I love you stanny
 
Stanloo: I love you too, Rich.
 

Benboy>>Edboy

 

(6:38 p.m.)

 
Benboy: hey eddie!
 
Edboy: hey Ben!
 
Benboy: so you and richie huh
 
Edboy: yeahh :)
 
Benboy: im glad you two are happy! Also if I had known I would have never gave richie sandys number!
 
Edboy: haha I know Ben, theres no hard feelings tbh thats what made me tell him so thank you!
 
Benboy: oh! That makes me feel better!
 
Edboy: yeah theres nothing you could do that would make me mad Ben lol 
 
Benboy: haha thank you
 

Losers club

 

(7:34 p.m.)

 
Red hawt: im bored what are y'all doing?
 
Dickie toes: you know what im doing ;)
 
Dickie toes: and his name is Eddie
 

Ed-die removed Dickie toes from the chat

 
Ed-die: he acts like I cant see what hes texting
 
Red hawt: lmao at least he used your actual name
 
Ed-die: true
 
Old man Stan: You know that he's gonna say shit like that 24/7 now.
 
Ed-die: I know :(
 
Chiles: lmao poor eddie
 

(8:22 p.m.)

 
Littlespoon: so I was just wondering
 
Littlespoon: who would be the person who was responsible for getting #reddie together?
 
Red hawt: wouldn't that be mike or stan?
 
Chiles: well I was the one who texted eddie and told him the truth
 
Old man Stan: Yes, but i told you too.
 
Chiles: yeah but i still did it
 
Littlespoon: by that same logic than the only reason mike knows is cause I accidentally told him
 
Littlespoon: so im responsible
 
Old man Stan: Yeah, reponsible for making things worse. I remember that stupid ass stunt that you and Bev pulled.
 
Red hawt: hey! Why bring me into it?
 
Old man Stan: Because it was both of you.
 
Ben handsome: Come on guys, lets calm down. It doesnt really matter in the long run.
 
Littlespoon: yes it does! I wanna be able to give a best man speech one day and tell everyone the truth that I was reponsible
 
Chiles: bull shit
 
Red hawt: guys i think ur forgetting that it actually was Ben, bc he gave richie Sandys number
 
Littlespoon: what?! Youre the one that did that?!
 
Ben handsome: yeah? I didnt know anything about them liking each other tho
 
Chiles: it still doesn't matter bc I still told Eddie, he didn't even know
 
Ben handsome: come on guys lets stop
 

Old man Stan
 removed Ben handsome from the chat

 
Old man Stan: Okay, now that hes gone i'm the one who decided to tell Eddie.
 
Red hawt: HEY
 

Red hawt removed 
Old man Sta
n
 from the chat


Littlespoon: Im the one who wanted to meddle from the beginning!!
 
Chiles: and it got you where? Nowhere
 
Ed-die: well techinaly guys, greta should get the credit. She texted me that night andtold me to stop being a dumbass and thats what pushed me to confess
 
Red hawt: THATS WHY SHE WANTED YOUR NUMBER
 
Chiles: what???
 
Ed-die: yep
 
Littlespoon: okay but outta us, which one is the most reponsible?
 
Ed-die: not you, I heard about the plan at the party
 

Littlespoon removed Ed-die from the chat

 
Littlespoon: we need richie
 
Chiles: oh no you don't
 

Chiles removed Littlespoon from the chat

 
Red hawt: then there was 2
 
Chiles: what now?
 
Red hawt: im... Not sure
 
Chiles: should we add everyone back or...
 
Red hawt: idk
 
Chiles: ...
 

Red hawt removed Chiles from the chat

 
Red hawt: I win
 

Red hawt removed themselves from the chat

 



Chapter End Notes
wow I can't believe this is finished whew!But dont worry im planning on continuing this in another story, I just think 34 chapters is enough for now lolI can't thank you guys enough for all the kind words! Even if i haven't replied, I can promise you I have read it and it made me happy!



Afterword


End Notes
while you're here follow me on twitter @KaylaVoorheees


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



