



too many prompts too - Ramabear - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

too many prompts; too little time
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/7466436.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Bakugou Katsuki/Midoriya Izuku
Character:
Bakugou Katsuki, Midoriya Izuku
Additional Tags:
Ficlet Collection, this'll teach me never to ask for prompts again jfc, each chapter is a new thing, Grief, Soulmate AU, an ABO variation too, Angst, Fluff, First Meeting, exes reconnecting, Roommates, Humor, Aged-Up Character(s)
Stats:

        Published: 2016-08-01
          Completed: 2016-08-09
          Chapters: 7/7
        Words: 5548
      

too many prompts; too little time
by Ramabear (RyMagnatar)
Summary
here's a collection of katsudeku prompts that i got because of an ask meme. i thought i'd group them all here to share bc then i can find them and reread them easier and so can you!included are/will be: roomate au, soulmate au, first meetings, etc etc
Notes
so i wrote a lot of these late at night and for an ask meme and thus didn't uh, really reread or edit them. or plan them out very much. so there's probably more errors than usual. pls keep that in mind and spare a little forgiveness. my head hurts too much to go back and fix them rn.




katsudeku : roommates



“This half,” Izuku says, the sound of tape stretching out filling the background as he pulls it out and lays it on the floor, “is mine. Everything on this side of the line belongs to me. If you explode my things, Kacchan, I will throw yours out the window.” He looks up seriously from where he kneels on the floor. Pointing to the other side, he says, “That half is-”
“My fucking half, I fucking know that, idiot.” Katsuki snarled, one hand a tight fist and the other smoking. “Any of your shit that crosses the line is fair fucking game.”
“Right,” Izuku nodded. They had agreed to those terms. There were Rules, bitterly fought for, pinned to the back of the door. He pointed to the tape box at the doorway. “That’s no man’s land. You can walk there or I can walk there but we can’t walk through there together.”
“Don’t be bringing any of your shitty little friends in, either. I don’t want to fucking deal with even one of those little morons while I’m in here.”
“That’s not fair, Kacchan! You can bring Kirishima in here! I don’t mind if you have friends over.” 
“We’re not fucking friends. Shut the fuck up.”
Izuku’s smile, forced as it was so he could at least appear pleasant when dealing with Katsuki, faded. He stared at Katsuki in silence for a long minute before whispering, “Kirishima thinks you’re friends. That’s why he came with us to save you. He cares about you.” After a moment, where Katsuki stared at him with wide eyes, Izuku asked in a slightly strained voice. “Are you going to throw away his friendship too, Kacchan? Doesn’t it make you lonely, to have no friends at all?”
Katsuki took a step back, eyes growing even wider at the questions. Almost immediately, he took two steps forwards, literally toeing the line to snarl down at Izuku. “Shut the fuck up. You don’t know what you’re even fucking talking about you little shit.”
Izuku turned his face away, which Katsuki took as submission. He shouldn’t have. Katsuki smirked, leaning back. He opened his mouth to rub a little more dirt in the wound when Izuku stood abruptly. Green eyes bored holes into him as Izuku said, his voice sharper than Katsuki had ever heard it. “You’re going to end up an nonredeemable fucking asshole if you continue to live like you’re fucking better than everyone else, Kacchan. We’re going to be heroes. What do you think that even means?!”
Katsuki clenched his teeth shut, his lips pulled back in a silent sneer. His hands shook with how tightly they were fisted at his sides. “Being a hero means never failing, never falling short, never stopping the fight- All Might didn’t stop. I won’t ever stop. Not even after I become the top hero! Nothing will get in my way and keep me from winning, Deku. Not even you.”
“I don’t want to stop you. I’ve never wanted to stop you!” 
Katsuki rolled his eyes. Izuku shoved his chest, sending him staggering back, but he didn’t cross the tape line. Katsuki recovered quickly, coming back to the edge, snarling. “You little shit, I’m gonna-”
“All I’ve ever wanted was to stand at your side!” Izuku shouts, eyes screwed shut, tears on his cheeks. “That’s all I’ve ever wanted, Kacchan! But I can’t have that! So if it’s not me that is with you when you become the greatest, at least let me know you won’t be alone! Kirishima is your fucking friend! Just accept it. Please!”
Silence descends around them. Katsuki steps back, feeling a tightness in his chest, a pressure behind his eyes- He abruptly turned away, blinking hard. Izuku’s panting breath is the only sound before there’s a knock at the door and a cautious “Um… Deku? Are you okay?” 
He goes to the door to talk to his concerned friend while Katsuki turns to face his bed, shoulders shaking. If this is how it’s going to be every day with him, he thinks to himself, staring resolutely at his pillow, this is going to be a long, long fucking semester. 



katsudeku : soulmate names
Chapter Summary
soulmate au where the name of your soulmate is on the inside of your arm.



Quirks develop when you’re four, but at that time the name of your soulmate- if you’re lucky enough to have one- is just a blurry smear of color on the inside of your arm. The colors are different- some have blue or black, some are red or purple, some are green or orange. There are theories tossed around about the significance of the color- does it refer to the strength of the bond? An aspect about the person? Why are some matching color? Why are some different?Izuku, at four, doesn’t know any of these questions or any of the answers. All he knows is that he’s got no quirk and that, somehow, means that he doesn’t deserve to be called by his proper name and that his friends and classmates whisper about him and tease him. He’s too focused on his lack of quirk to notice the purple blurred on his arm, nearby elbow like a shapeless bruise. Katsuki, at four, doesn’t spare a single shred of thought to soulmates. He’s got the most amazing quirk in his whole class- no probably the whole school. All his friends want to be just like him because he isspecial and going to be amazing. He’s so focused on his quirk, on the praise of his classmates, of everyone he meets that he can show off the sparks in his hands to, that he doesn’t even notice the green smear on his arm the same shade of newly budding tree leaves.Soulmate marks don’t solidify until you’re older, until you hit puberty, until you start to develop into an adult.Izuku’s soulmate’s name, dark purple and written in neat, sharp slashes, rises on his skin like a brand. He’s so glad its easy to hide under his shirt, under his uniform, under the sleeves of his jackets and hoodies at home because looking at it makes him queasy with the slurry of emotions that consume him.He can’t believe it. He can’t understand it. He wants it to be true. He hopes that it isn’t. He does research on soulmate names- discovers that sometimes the right person for you doesn’t mean you’re the right person for them. He hopes that the boy who’s name is on his arm doesn’t have his name on theirs. He hopes that they have each other’s names. He doesn’t ever talk about it, to anyone, and wears a bandage wrapped around his arm every day just in case, just in case. Katsuki’s soulmate’s name, that fresh green color, written with a cant to the side like it’s done in a rush, a hurry, tucked against an invisible border, crowds his wrist. It’s so light that he can’t actually read it until the summer after he turns fourteen and he spends so much time outside training in anticipation for the UA exam that he gets a golden brown tan- even on his arms and chest.His mother is the one who notices, pointing it out after dinner when he gets hassled into helping her with dishes. She exclaims over the green, wondering if he can read it or not, since she’s too far away. Before she can come over and take his hand to lift it to the light, Katsuki reads the name written on his wrist.He drops the bowl he’s holding when he does. It bounces on the floor- his mom stopped buying breakable dishes after he turned six and blew up half the cupboard in a tantrum. He can’t even begin to process the name -how- what- he never said- does he not- am i just- what the fuck- what the fuck!?A sweatband keeps his wrist covered from that evening until after he gets into UA- only coming off when he’s bathing and otherwise hiding it. Katsuki doesn’t know what to feel about it, so he defaults to what he knows best.Katsuki rages. 
 All Might noticed the bandage right away. Izuku remembers blushing and stammering and explaining that it was- was something he wasn’t quite ready to deal with. A soulmate was an enormous responsibility. Izuku said he wasn’t ready for that- he had so much else he wanted to do.He got a bit of a strange look at that, like All Might felt a bit sorry for him or maybe was reconsidering things, but ultimately, nothing changed. Izuku trained and trained and trained and trained until, at last, on the day of the exam, he got the gift of All Might’s quirk given to him.That was the same day that he saw his mark clearly for the first time in months. (He doesn’t look at it when he bathes, doesn’t need to, to know its there.) After Recovery Girl healed his limbs, there it was; blue and purple like a bruise that wouldn’t heal, sitting proudly on his arm as if written by Katsuki’s own hand.Maybe, if it had been- maybe, if Izuku knew that Katsuki wanted to be his soulmate, he wouldn’t hide it away. But he doesn’t- doesn’t know, doesn’t think Katsuki wants him- so he covers it up as soon as he can. No one else sees it and for that he’s grateful. 
 
The first day of class- no, really, it’s the first time they dress out for gym together in locker rooms- Izuku’s so focused on what they could be learning that he forgets to remember that these boys aren’t the ones from his middle school. The middle schoolers were used to Izuku wearing bandages in odd places, to wearing one on his arm in the same place, day in and day out.
His new Yuuei classmates are not as well informed. Iida is the one who sees it and asks if he’s been injured, if he needs help with anything. Izuku’s embarrassed in having to explain it’s not an injury it’s just…“A blemish,” Izuku says, the words tumbling out of his mouth before he can stop them. “Something I was born with but I’m not really comfortable showing…”“What is it,” someone asked, Izuku still hadn’t learned everyone’s name so he wasn’t sure who it was. “A soulmate mark?”Izuku shuts up with a snap of his teeth, holding his arm closer. He might as well have admitted it out loud, though, because there’s a gasp that goes up. “You’ve got a soulmate? Woah! Incredible!” voices come from all over and Izuku smiles nervously.His eyes find Katsuki’s amid the chatter and excited movement and in that instant it becomes clear. Katsuki knows. Katsuki knows that Izuku knows. And as his eyes narrow, Izuku is sure that Katsuki knows Izuku knows that he knows what was hidden under that bandage.Someone asks to see it. Someone else asks what the name is. Izuku flinches from the first and stammers his way to refusing the second. As teenagers, the others ask more insistently until a loud BANG makes them all jump and shut up in sheer surprise.Katsuki’s locker has a scorch mark on the metal where he slammed it closed using his quirk. “Shut the fuck up you losers, it’s just a fucking shitty birthmark on a piece of shit’s fucking arm.” His gaze and his words are venom directed at Izuku. There’s more than the usual animosity there; Izuku has grown adept at telling when Katsuki is his usual somewhat pissed off self versus when he’s actually upset. He did manage to survive most of middle school with him, after all.It’s the first day that everyone’s met so people just go quiet when Katsuki snarls like that, clearly unsure what to do. Izuku does what he can to pull away and become unnoticed. Katsuki keeps him pinned with a glare until he decides to leave the locker room.Iida is the one who whispers to Izuku an apology for intruding on  his business, but then, in almost the same breath, asks what Katsuki’s problem is with him.Izuku mumbles something about old history and resolutely doesn’t rub the bandage on his arm. He reminds himself to be more careful about it next time. 
 



katsudeku : "one" night stand [a/b/o lite]
Chapter Summary
[”one” night stand and falling pregnant au: also sort of A/B/O? as in, yes it is, but i’ve, er, modified how some of the fandom abo shit is that ive seen and blah blah blah i’ll make a big post about it sometime bc boy do i have some Thoughts and Opinions on the reality of that situation]
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




There’s probably some sort of protocol or rules or manual for this situation but, honestly, Izuku doesn’t even know where to start. Should he go online and search? If he did, what would he search? How do you predict your rut’s going to come early? Too late for that. Seven signs to know that one night stand is going to become a heatfest and what to do to avoid it? Also too late for that one! A warm, sweaty arm slings itself over his chest and Izuku tenses up. For a second he lies there, perfectly still, a his bed mate and, what are they, co-workers? ex-classmates? ex-friends? current-friends? God, no wonder Ochako just calls him “that guy” whenever she doesn’t use his name. Everyone knows who “that guy” is when talking to Izuku.It’s Katsuki- Kacchan- of course. And even five years after graduating highschool together, everyone in their class clearly remembers Katsuki being “that guy”. “Stop mumblin’,” Katsuki mutters, his lips against Izuku’s neck. In his sleepiness, he’s half wrapped himself around Izuku. A cuddly Katsuki is almost as terrifying as a threatening one, Izuku thinks, but perhaps the most terrifying Katsuki is the one that he found at a party four nights ago. Terrifying and unquestionably attractive, too. Izuku bites his lip, recalling the heated look Katsuki had given him and the even hotter dancing they had done. He’d never seen Katsuki act like that- had never thought he would see it, let alone be on the receiving end-Katsuki’s hand plants itself firmly over his lips. “Shut. Up.” He’s pushed himself up on one elbow, glaring irritably. “We’ve been fucking for three fucking days, Deku. You’re going to let me fucking sleep or I swear to god I’m going to tell your mom you fucking knocked me up on purpose.”“Eh?” Izuku cries, his hand muffled under Katsuki’s palm. “What do you mean!? Don’t tell her that!”“You’re the one who didn’t bring enough condoms,” Katsuki retorted.Izuku pulled the blonde’s hand from his mouth. “I didn’t know you’d go into heat! I didn’t know I’d get in a rut! And after we started its not like there’s some sort of fucking condom delivery service we could order from like we did with the pizza!”Katsuki rolled his eye, but stopped midroll and, staring off to the side blankly, said, “That’s genius.”“What?”“A condom delivery service. For all your fucking needs. We could just buy them in bulk and then deliver them. It’s not like either one of us would be influenced by anyone else.” Katsuki said, sitting up. He was naked, they both were, and so Izuku couldn’t help but get his gaze stuck on Katsuki’s back. It was littered with scratches and bitemarks. Izuku looked at his own hands. Did he do that? There’s a little bit of blood under his fingernails and, well, he’s never seen a bite impression of his own mouth but who else could have left those marks? They’re completely alone!So yes, the answer is yes. He did do that.Izuku sighed. He still had no idea what fucking together like that made them and he had a feeling he wasn’t going to get a clear idea for months, or possibly even years.But when Katsuki lay back down, still in a good mood, still curling around Izuku, he thought, well. Maybe he could live with that just fine.



Chapter End Notes
probably not my fave chapter of the lot but here it is anyway


katsudeku : bumping into each other, literally
Chapter Summary
god what fluff. gotta see a dentist after this one. disgusting. i love it. this one is a strangers AU, non-hero world- as in, they dont know each other previously and there aren’t quirks. because thats how this one turned out ok? ok



Katsuki, earbuds in his ears, playing music just loud enough to block out the sound of the train and chatter of those around him, is completely unaware of the oncoming collision with another human being until it’s already happening to him. He staggers forward, catches himself, barely, on the pole that he was standing next to while waiting for his train, and rounds on the asshole who knocked him over, lips already curling in a sneer and a prepared insult.The words die a strangled death on his tongue as he looks down to see a young man sitting flat on his ass, books and papers all around him, freckled cheeks flushed and rubbing his forehead. He blinks up at Katsuki, big green eyes wide with shock and apology. Said apology bubbles from his lips like a geyser, rolling over Katsuki, heard only because one of his earbuds got dislodged in the bodily smack. “I’m so sorry, really! I wasn’t looking where I was going and I didn’t mean to bump into you! Sorry, god, oh god,” he frantically looks around and blushes, “Oh god I’ve got to hurry-” He gets to his knees, shuffling his papers together quickly. Katsuki’s on his knees, helping him clean up, before he can even think about it. He picks up one of the notebooks, stuffs papers into it and on top of it before he even looks at one. The whole page is scrawled with notes and drawings of superheroes. He pauses, looks up and makes eye contact with the green eyed teen. The boy promptly flushes even darker red and stammers out, “I-it’s nothing weird! Those are just ch-characters for my st-story!” “You write?” Katsuki asks, arching an eyebrow.“I um… I try to?” “Like, a novel or…”“Oh!” The kid ducks his head but not before Katsuki catches a glimpse of a shy smile. “Sort of. It’s a bit of a script, really, I.. I’m trying to turn it into a manga, r-really…”“You’d need an artist for that,” Katsuki said. He looks over another page he picks up. The conversation seems to have derailed the teen off of collecting his pages because he just sighs and nods his head dejectedly, sitting there on the floor. “Yeah… I do…” “Convenient for you, I happen to know one.” Katsuki remarked. “I bet he’d be pretty willing to help you out.”Immediately, bright eyes and a beaming smile fix Katsuki right where he is. “Really? You do? Who?”Katsuki pulls a pen from his pocket and scrawls a name and number across the inside front cover of the boy’s notebook that he’s holding. “His name is Bakugou Katsuki. He’s an art student at the nearby institute. I think he’d be right up your alley… ah…”“Midoriya,” he says, eagerly reaching for his notebook, “Midoriya Izuku. And really? Is he good? How flexible is his schedule? Only I do tutoring and have a bunch of classes and-”“For a guy like you,” Katsuki smirks, “I think he can make the time.” He hands over the notebook and papers. Izuku manages to scrape together the rest of them and get to his feet at the same time Katsuki does. “Really? Thank you! Ah, what’s your name?”Katsuki flat out grins. “Why? Didn’t you hear me the first time? It’s Bakugou Katsuki. Nice to meet you.”Izuku stares at him. The embarrassed blush returns to his face but he doesn’t even seem to notice. Instead, he lurches forward, grabs Katsuki’s hand and looks up at him with hope shining in those beautiful green eyes. “It’s wonderful to meet you, Bakugou.”Katsuki feels a little fluttering in his chest. Izuku’s hands are warm; his grip is firm. He’s got a really good feeling about this- one that doesn’t go away even after he finally makes it back to his apartment that night.



katsudeku : exes meeting again after years not speaking
Chapter Summary
[uh shit this one needs warnings: sort of vague mentions of dead characters lol whoops]



It happens in the hallway of Yuuei, one of the ones with the windows that rise up out of view that the students hustling by never really stop to look out. The view isn’t all that great- it just opens out to the front courtyard that leads to the gate, but it’s the sight of that courtyard from a slightly different angle that makes Izuku pause and stand there. He leans against the edge of the window frame, looking out as students hurry to leave the school building. They’re excited, obviously, and some are racing and jumping and others are hooked arm in arm as they leave. The school has closed for a holiday and Izuku’s well aware of the fact that these kids are going to take full advantage of that fact. He’s encouraged them, actually, because they’ll only be fourteen or fifteen for a year, only be this free for a while. Some of them will come crashing into the adult world in the next year or two- but if he has anything to say about it, none of his students will see that harsh world until they’re graduated and ready for it. Izuku registers footsteps across the tile flooring behind him, but they’re sure and steady so he doesn’t turn to the person. It sounds like they know where they’re going. It turns out they don’t, though, they just are quick footed and assured even when lost. A hand reaches out and taps him on the shoulder, “Excuse me.”Izuku freezes. His folded arms squeeze his chest so hard he can’t breathe for a second. He forces himself to take in a sharp, painful breath, and slowly, turns around.Katsuki recognizes him the second they make eye contact. He pulls his hand back as if burned and the slightly irritated expression he wears- his resting bitch face as they used to call it- deepens into some emotion that Izuku can’t immediately recognize. Right there he has the answer to the long considered question: how long do Katsuki and I have to not see or speak to each other to become strangers again? They’ll never really become strangers, not with everything that lies between them, but this is as close as they can get. “Yes?” He asked, “What is it?”Katsuki looks like he’d rather swallow his tongue than speak- that’s an expression Izuku knows well. His students wear it all the time when they fucked up and don’t want to talk about it. “Well,” Izuku asks, as patient as he can be. He can be very, very patient. “What do you need, Bakugou-san?”Katsuki’s brows furrow. “Fucking hell, I didn’t know it was you.”Izuku’s smile stays plastered on his lips. He could smile through the end of the world- has, in fact, smiled through the end of his world. More than once. Smiling at Katsuki now is nothing. “I’m sure we’re both quite surprised to see the other one here. I thought you were off… where was it again? America? I remember you being welcomed there with open arms just-”“Cut the shit,” Katsuki sneered. “I’m not going to let you just talk to me like we’re some sort of fucking weird acquaintances or some shit.” “Oh really?” Izuku asked. “Should we behave as strangers, then? It has been nine years since we last spoke to each other. But I guess that wipes clean the six years that we spent together as lovers and the, what, thirteen before that that you were my tormentor?” He cocked his head to the side, his tone sweet, his smile sweeter. Katsuki’s expression twisted up so much it looked painful. “Fucking- Will you just- Just stop talking like that!” Katsuki ran a hand through his hair. It was unruly enough before, so the gesture didn’t change much. “Goddamn, this is so much worse than Ochako said.” Izuku wonders if this is what it’s like to be frozen solid. To be encased in crystal. He’d ask Shouto, but…Well. That’s not a possibility anymore.
“Excuse me?”

The expression Katsuki gives him now is one he does know. It’s the same one that Ochako gives him when she says goodbye at his front door, her hands on his shoulders as she pulls back from a hug-“last one, I swear!” she always says but it isn’t. This is the expression of a concerned friend. Concerned for him. There is nothing Katsuki needs to worry about. “Izuku, can we talk? Somewhere that isn’t here? Somewhere private-”“No.” Izuku says. The word comes out brittle and sharp, shards of broken glass filling his throat. “No. I don’t want to be alone with you.”Katsuki blinks, startled. Izuku is amazed- how easily his knowledge of Katsuki’s expressions come back to him! Maybe they weren’t really strangers at all- couldn’t even fake it! “What? What’s that supposed to mean? I just want to talk-”“I don’t want to talk to you.” I can’t handle just talking to you. “There is nothing you could say that would interest me.” I need more than your words. “You should just go back home.” Please, come home with me. “I don’t need you.” I can’t be alone again tonight. Katsuki does what he always does. He completely ignores what Izuku says and acts on his own instincts and impulses. Strong arms wrap around Izuku’s shoulders and pull him into a hug that puts him slightly off balance. Izuku, afraid of falling because of his bad leg, clings to Katsuki with both hands. One of them is shaking like a leaf in the wind. Izuku’s pretty sure it’s him. “You’re such a fucking idiot. First All Might and then your mom,” Katsuki whispers into his ear. His breath is hot- just as hot a his embrace. Izuku closes his eyes and huddles against his shoulder. He feels like he’s melting, like he’s feeling something for the first time in weeks. “And then your fucking leg and your career and me- shit, me too. I did this to you. And now fucking Shouto- Goddamn it, Izuku, stop helping other people long enough to get some goddamn help for yourself.” Izuku can’t speak in reply; his sobbing breaths wont let a coherent word out so he doesn’t even try. He just clings to Katsuki and weeps. Katsuki holds him the whole time.



katsudeku: necktie



Izuku jumped when a hand slammed the shut locker beside his own. The sound echoed in the quiet room, a bang that clattered like his heart against his ribs. His hands froze on his tie, that he’d gotten as far as to slip around his neck, but not actually tie yet. Slowly, he turned around to give his full attention to Katsuki.His classmate loomed over him, red eyes narrowed, snapping with fire the way his palms weren’t. Yet anyway. “Deku,” he asked, his voice low. “What the fuck do you think you were doing?”Izuku blinked. Giving an automatic smile, he said, “Changing?”Katsuki’s free hand grabs a fistfull of the front of Izuku’s shirt. He shoves him back against his locker. Izuku reflexively reaches back to brace himself with one hand while his other one pressed flat against Katsuki’s chest. “Changing,” Katsuki sneered, lip pulled back as he mocks, “You were just changing.Well, then, I suppose it’s perfectly fine for you to be ogling some guy’s ass while you’re changing.”“I wasn’t-” Izuku started but went quiet as Katsuki further invaded his personal space by leaning in so close his hot breath stirred against Izuku’s lips. “K-Kacchan-”“You’re mine, Deku,” Katsuki said, staring him straight in the eyes. “And I don’t like what is mine to stare at the ass of fuckers like fucking Halfie.”Oh. Izuku blinked. Katsuki was jealous. Shouto was usually the one who on the opposite side of the bench from Izuku, so whenever he turned that way he usually noticed his friend. He hadn’t thought much of it, of course. Shouto was his friend. Katsuki was his boyfriend. There was a pretty big difference there. One of them being that things like this worked on Katsuki.Izuku glanced down. His cheeks flushed pink as he mumbled, “I wouldn’t bother looking at him while I changed if I could see you instead, Kacchan.”After a moment of silence from Katsuki, Izuku glanced up through his lashes at him. Katsuki’s face was a lovely shade of pink. Izuku’s heart melted at the sight and he couldn’t help but smile.“Fucker,” Katsuki said, seeing that smile. He closed the meager distance between them until they were hip to hip. “You little shit.” His fingers twisted in Izuku’s tie, dragging his head in. “Do you fucking get off on this shit?”“Get off on what?” Izuku asked, as though he didn’t know what Katsuki meant. He didn’t stop smiling. He let his hands carefully, slowly, reach down and settle on Katsuki’s waist.“Pervert,” Katsuki whispered. His face was red. Izuku lifted his chin just enough to place the lightest of kisses on Katsuki’s mouth. “What would everyone say if they knew you fucking provoked me to manhandle you on fucking purpose.”Izuku knew what they would say. Probably the same thing that Ochako had said when he’d told her that he and Katsuki were dating when they’d started their third year. She’d tried to stop that for a month, though it was in vain. Instead of answering, he kissed Katsuki again.Katsuki returned the kiss this time. It was hot as his gaze and involved more teeth in the first few seconds than lips. Izuku moaned as Katsuki dug his teeth into his bottom lip, pulling it roughly before sucking. Izuku’s eyes fluttered shut as they kissed.  His fingers crawled up Katsuki’s sides, slipping under the jacket of his uniform, following muscle and ribs all the way up.Just as he’d managed to coerce Katsuki to give up his tongue for Izuku to suck on, Katsuki pulled back a full step. Izuku shivered at the sudden loss of body warmth. “Kacchan?” He tried to pull him closer again, but Katsuki’s hands held him back.They jerked suddenly, tightening Izuku’s tie into place. Izuku blinked and then looked down to see Katsuki had tied his tie perfectly straight, instead of the shortened version he preferred. “Eh?”Katsuki smirked as he held up a finger, “Here’s some free dating advice, nerd. One: Don’t look at anyone else but me.” Adding a second, he said, “Two: Don’t fucking provoke me at school, shithead, or next time I’ll make sure that half hard cock of yours is a full fucking fledged boner you have to deal with.”Izuku opened his mouth to argue but stopped before he did. Maybe looking at Shouto had been an accident, but the rest of it? Well. Katsuki gave kisses like a drowning man seeking air whenever he was jealous. Could he really blame Izuku for wanting to be kissed like that all the time?Apparently, yes. Yes he could.Smug as a well fed cat, Katsuki strutted out of the locker room. Izuku frowned down at his perfectly straightened tie and muttered, “If you can tie a tie, why don’t you ever wear one, Kacchan.” Really, his boyfriend was the most ridiculous.



katsudeku: fastball special
Chapter Notes
Here we are, the last of this collection's oneshot fics. Thank you all for reading!



“Look,” Izuku shouted over the thundering barrage of explosions that rained down around them. “I throw you. That’s how this works. I have the super strength. I do the throwing!”“I can throw farther,” Katsuki snapped back. He ducked behind a wall that became half of one after another rain of shells. He was running, though, and wasn’t there when concrete and dust fell down. “Maybe, but that’s a fucking baseball Kacchan. Not a person!” Izuku punctuated this by punching one of the missiles out of the air before it could explode on him. It caused it to explode anyway but he was paired with Kacchan on a regular basis. Izuku was as blast proof as one could be in a full body suit and goggle combo. “No way. Fuck you. I’ll blast myself up there if I have to!” Katsuki vaulted what was once a car but was no longer a car. He crossed the street at a dead run an dropped it into a slide under a different, more burning car. Izuku saw his foot and grabbed it, pulling him to the other side completely. “You can’t fly that high. And I can’t jump that high. Let me throw you, Kacchan.” He tried to keep the giddiness from his voice. He failed miserably. “It’ll be like that All Might cartoon from when we were little!”Katsuki sighed heavily. “Your aim is shit.”“You can adjust for that.”“You… Fuck it. Fine.” He crouched. “But if I fall to my death I am going to haunt your ass so hard you never get laid again.”“Ghost sex doesn’t count?” Izuku asked as he picked Katsuki up.“… I am not even going to dignify that with a respooOOOOOOHHHH! FUUUUUCK YOUUUUUU!” Izuku stood there for a moment, watching his boyfriend sail through the air at monumental speeds. He shielded his eyes with his hand, making sure he could see all the way up until Katsuki landed on the giant robot man. “Hah,” he said to himself, “Nailed it.” Katsuki landed somewhere near the head. Izuku watched until the explosions began again- this time from the machine they’d been fighting. With a grin, he took off towards it. Katsuki might be able to survive a flight and the land on the robot, but probably not the fall to the ground afterwards.And, to be honest, Izuku always loved to catch Katsuki midair. Showing off was incredibly good fun. 




Afterword


Works inspired by this one




Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



