



Twenty-Three Times - keemcandy - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Twenty-Three Times
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/7410100.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Seokjin | Jin/Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Taehyung | V, Jeon Jungkook, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
Marriage Proposal, Swearing, Crack, Fluff, Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Stats:

        Published: 2016-07-06
        Words: 7734
      

Twenty-Three Times
by keemcandy
Summary
Twenty-three times Yoongi kind of proposed to Seokjin, and one time he didn’t have to.
Notes
Apparently listening to a cover of Turning Page by Sleeping at Last while being high on caffeine at 3AM turns me into a fucking sap.And I need to go to work at 8.BUT HEEEE E E E EYYYY IT'S MY BBY VPPA BIRTHDAY MY SUNSHINE MY CINNAMON ROLL HAPPY 23RD BIRTHDAY THIS IS A SAPPY YOONJIN THAT I PROMISED YOU

          See the end of the work for more notes




Twenty-Three Times

I surrender who I’ve been for who you are For nothing makes me stronger than your fragile heart If I had only felt how it feels to be yours Well I would have known What I’ve been living for all along What I’ve been living for —   
One  

Min Yoongi would like to think of himself as a perfectly reasonable man.

As much as the fucklets (which, he’s referring to Jimin, Taehyung and Jungkook) will only snort or start making whale noises every time he says it loud and clear, Yoongi knows that he doesn’t call dibs on the title ‘grandpa’ for nothing. He’d like to think of it as a compliment for him being wise, but then again, those fucklets may have come up with the name just because he’s simply lethargic. Or probably because he’s old. Yeah, that must be it.

He might not be as bright as Namjoon who can recite the latin names for each parts of human’s body (now that Yoongi thinks about it, what’s the point of memorising those words but still getting lost in the middle of his apartment building), but he’s confident that people can rely on him when it comes to perfecting excuses. Because, well. Yoongi always has a reason for everything.

At least that’s what Yoongi tells himself as he glares at the card in his hand—it’s a beautiful card, dripping with foil stamped calligraphy and printed on double thick cotton paper, and there are tiny illustrations that resemble the landmarks of Busan and Daegu all around it, enclosing a string of cursive hand lettering that reads:

 Together with their families, Jeon Jungkook and Kim Taehyung invite you to join them in the celebration of their marriage. 

That’s it, that’s the onset as to why he feels unreasonably irritated. And the more Yoongi stares at the words, the more confused he becomes. His eyes are fixated on one particular word and there’s an alarm going off inside his head as he reads it over and over again—

‘…in the celebration of their marriage.’

What the fuck?

“You look like a woman getting into a labour,” there’s a voice from behind his shoulder, followed by a pair of arms around his neck. “Or constipated. Pick your choice. Did you eat something weird this afternoon?”

“Hello to you too,” Yoongi replies drily before tilting his face to leave a peck on Seokjin’s cheek. His boyfriend of four years only grins at that and flops down on his lap, casually shifting himself into the already-cramped space of their single-sized sofa. The futon squeaks under the sudden weight and Yoongi glares at Seokjin. “You know that this sofa isn't made for two people.”

“I’ve told you to buy the double-sized one before,” Seokjin huffs and wounds his arms around Yoongi’s neck. “But you said that the single-sized one is more comfortable. Or was that just an excuse so you can keep groping me during our movie night?”

“It’s called being affectionate, not groping.”

“Whatever,” Seokjin laughs. “So what’s up with the long face, hm?”

Yoongi gives Seokjin a long look before letting out a sigh. Well, it’s not like Seokjin won’t figure it out by himself in the end, so why bother keeping it secret?

“I have a bad news,” he finally says, wiggling out of Seokjin's embrace and opting to perch himself on the coffee table across from them instead. “And I need you to listen to me, very very carefully.”

This time, it’s Seokjin who gives him a long look. “Please don’t tell me that you accidentally burned the frying pan again.”

“I didn’t even say anything.”

“Then what is—” Seokjin’s eyes land on the piece of card in Yoongi’s hand. “—oh my god,” he gasps, looking two seconds away from bursting into a panic attack. “Oh my god—are you, are you dying? That’s the bad news that you want to tell me? Please don’t tell me that you’re dying—”

“Oh my god, no one is dying,” Yoongi groans and pinches the bridge of his nose. “Sometimes I forget how dramatic you can be.”

“I’m an actor, being dramatic is my job,” Seokjin huffs. “Then what is it?”

Yoongi closes his eyes for a moment, before raising his head again to meet Seokjin’s gaze.

“Jungkook and Taehyung are getting married.”

Silence falls over them and it takes Seokjin another couple of ten seconds before he lets out a surprised gasp.

“Oh my god, really?!” Seokjin squeals, face beaming in enthusiasm. “Oh my god, Yoongi! They are getting married?! Like, for real?!” he flails his arms to slap Yoongi’s neck jokingly. “And you called it a bad news?!”

“They are getting married,” Yoongi deadpans.

“So?!”

“So?” Yoongi raises his eyebrows, shooting Seokjin a look of disbelief. “They are like, the five-year-olds in the group. Especially Taehyung. He can’t even sleep without you singing soft kitty to him through a phone call. Do you honestly think that a five year old getting married to a baby is actually a good idea?”

“Enlighten me. Which one is Taehyung, the five year old or the baby?”

“That’s not the point,” Yoongi groans and rolls his eyes. “Hyung, they are younger than us. And they’re already getting married. Married,” he emphasises. “Doesn’t it make you at least a little bit horrified?”

“Not really,” Seokjin shrugs and hauls himself up, making his way towards their small kitchen. “I mean, they’ve been dating for three years now. It’s normal that they want to get married. Have a family. Yeah, I mean, that’s what normal people do, right?”

Yoongi watches Seokjin humming one of his songs that hasn’t been released yet while he starts ladling out the cutleries for dinner. It’s just a mundane little thing—a sight that Yoongi has grown accustomed to. And yet, he always finds himself unable to look away. He keeps watching Seokjin, eyes crinkled at the corners and cheeks flushed from over-heated thermostat that Yoongi always forgets to fix, and he can’t stop himself from thinking: but we have been dating for four years now and we are not getting married yet—

But those words won’t just come out of his mouth. Instead, he says something else.

“Hyung, do you want to marry me?”
  
Two 

“I can’t believe he said no,” Yoongi groans, head buried under his arms.

“And I can’t believe that you’re high on wedding fever,” Hoseok adds, before letting out a hysterical laughter, looking satisfied. “Out of any people! I can’t believe that you were the one who got struck with at the first place—”

Yoongi whips his head, fixing a deadly glare at Hoseok. “I’m not high on whatever wedding-bullshit that you just spitted out.”

“Is wedding fever even a real thing?” Jimin frowns.

“It’s just a phase,” Namjoon replies, glancing cautiously at Yoongi before adding, “It’s not uncommon for people to get a little antsy during their late twenties or early thirties—”

“For fuck’s sake, I’m not—”

“And they start obsessing over marriage,” Hoseok finishes smoothly, still trying to hold back his laugh. He pats Yoongi’s shoulders in reassurance even though it comes off more like a slap. A mocking slap, if that’s even possible. “It’s understandable, hyung. Really. I mean, since Kookie and Taetae are getting married soon, it’s not easy to ignore the fact that your relationship with Seokjin hyung still remains as flat as your ass.”

Yoongi only raises his middle finger as a reply.

“And to be completely specific, you were being grammatically incorrect,” Namjoon interjects. “The right question should be will you marry me, not do you want to marry me. There’s a difference.”

“Namjoon,” Yoongi finally raises his head. “I really, really appreciate your feedback but I hope you realise that by this point, what I need is a moral support, not a lecture about my poor choice of grammar.”

“For the record, you can’t really choose your grammar,” Namjoon crosses his arms. “I mean, grammar is a fixed structure—”

“Namjoon, just. Shut up.”

“I’m just curious,” Jimin tilts his face, tapping his fingers absent-mindedly against the coffee table. “Did Seokjin hyung really say like no? Like an actual no, I don’t want to marry you? A no-no?”

“Are you trying to recite Apink’s song or are you trying to give me a headache.”

“Hyung, I’m really not in the mood for an argument right now.”

Yoongi sighs and leans back against the couch, trying to recall the event from the previous night. “Not… not really. I mean, he didn’t blatantly say ‘no’, but he obviously didn’t say yes either.”

“Well?” Jimin purses his lips into a thin line. “What did he say?”

“It’s just,” Yoongi pauses, rubbing a hand over his face. “He only said, ‘Yoongi, really?’. You know, not in a high-pitched squeal like ‘really?!’ but more like a flat, blasé reaction of—”

“Yeah, yeah, we don’t really need the details. We get it,” Hoseok snorts, waving his hand dismissively. “There’s nothing new about that. A general consensus has been found about the fact that Min Yoongi indeed suck at relationship,” Yoongi is about to protest but then Hoseok cuts him off. “Save your bitching session for later, hyung, I have a wedding to prepare. Now gentlemen, shall we get back to business?”

The rest of the conversation goes in a blur as Yoongi remains distracted with his own thoughts. It’s ridiculous, really. Yoongi knows for a fact that he’s indeed not high on this wedding-fever thing that apparently, has been proclaimed as a universal common phase by that motherfucking Kim Namjoon. Namjoon is supposed to be smart, a genius, a walking encyclopaedia—not a windbag who’s also two-timing as an avid reader of Cosmopolitan articles. Fuck Jimin and his collection. Fuck those self-proclaimed relationship advisors who keep insisting that wedding fever is actually happening. Wedding fever is not real. It can’t be real. Acute bronchitis, for example, is real as fuck. Bronchitis is contagious. While wedding fever, in fact, is not. It’s called bronchitis and not weddingitis for a reason.

God damn it, now he starts to sound like Namjoon. That’s gross.

Yoongi’s snapped out of his thoughts when suddenly his phone starts buzzing in his pocket. He pulls it out and there’s a small smile twitching on his lips when he notices that it’s a text from Seokjin.

jinnie-ah: sorry i can’t join the meeting today (｡T ω T｡) something came up and we need to reshoot some scenes. i hope i’m not missing anything important!!

He glances up from his phone. The rest of his friends are still in the heat of discussion (“I want a testicle-shaped ice sculpture.” “For the last time, Hoseok, there won’t be any genital-related stuff in the wedding.” “But it’s the perfect metaphor for a marriage! Okay, just hear me out first. Testicles consist of two instead of one—”) and Yoongi’s pretty much sure that it will take another two hours tops, before he can finally kick them out from his apartment. Or before they can start whining about being hungry and digging through his fridge as usual.

There’s nothing important. Yoongi types back to Seokjin, fingers hovering over the screen as he pauses to think. They only spend the whole afternoon teasing me and talking about dicks made of ice.

jinnie-ah: gross (；￣Д￣) you are the father, min yoongi. tell them that i didn’t allow any d-words in our household or else i will stop buying them food

Yoongi stares at his phone for half a second before he blinks.

 So if I’m the father and you’re the mother, does it make us married? 

It takes approximately two minutes for Seokjin to reply back.

jinnie-ah: we’ll have five grown-ups under our roof. it makes us broke, not married  ┐(￣～￣)┌

Yeah, Min Yoongi indeed suck at relationship.
  
Three 

It’s perfect. It’s definitely perfect. Yoongi can tell that this time his plan is going to turn out well. He stares down at the set-up in front of him, feeling somewhat proud of himself. There are rows of cupcakes plated out prettily on the table, delicate and small with smooth pink frosting smothered generously on top of it. He has purposely bought (bought, of course, there’s no way he’ll be able to bake a cake unless he sells his soul for some kind of black magic) two of Seokjin’s favourite things—pink and edible, making a playlist of Seokjin’s favourite songs, and of course as for the highlight: a sleek white gold band with a strip of rose colour in the centre. The precise cut of the white topaz’s facet accentuates the ring’s smooth exterior—and he decided to pick white topaz instead of diamond because it’s Seokjin birthday stone. He lifts the ring out of the velvet box, before carefully placing it on top of the pink fondant. Yoongi lets out a sigh of admiration as it reflects the light off. Seokjin’s definitely going to love it.

He can’t think of anything else that can ruin his plan for the night.

Except, of course, he clearly doesn’t expect for Kim Taehyung and Jeon Jungkook to barge into his apartment while he’s in the middle of a phone call and eat half of the cupcakes on the table.

“What the fuck—” he glares down at the previously immaculate set up, now smeared with chocolate stains and pink frosting all over it. “What the fuck?!” Yoongi yells again, face twisting in panic as he tries to search for one particular glinting item that was previously placed on top of the cupcake.

On top of the cupcake. Yoongi pauses and glares up at the two members of the fucklets fellowship who only blinks innocently back at him.

“Did you fucking eat the cupcake?!”

Taehyung only stares at Yoongi with an incredulous look. “Hyung, isn’t it obvious?” he snorts. “I mean, there are cupcakes on the table and you know the universal rule that—”

“—anything placed on the dining table means free food for everyone,” Jungkook finishes pointedly, voice slightly muffled as the result of his attempt to inhale the rest of the cupcakes. “If you don’t want us to eat the cupcakes, don’t put them on the table, hyung.”

“I put them on the table because I thought you two were perfectly civilised people who would not barge into people’s houses uninvited and eat their food,” Yoongi snaps, picking up each of the cupcake frantically, trying to find the ring. “Where’s the ring?!”

Jungkook blinks. “What ring?”

“The ring!” Yoongi shouts, almost throwing his arms in frustration. “Just now I put a ring on top of the cupcake—”

“Hyung, why would you put a ring on top of a cupcake?” Taehyung arches his eyebrows.

“Because I’m trying to propose Seokjin, you dumbass,” Yoongi snarls, his voice coming off as if he was being choked. “There was a fucking gigantic ring on top of that cupcake and neither of you actually notice it?!”

“You were what,” Taehyung gasps, while Jungkook simultaneously stutters out a weak wait so it’s not edible?!

Yoongi quickly whips his head towards Jungkook, eyes widening in horror. “Say it again.”

Jungkook takes a step backward nervously, voice uncertain. “Uh…”

“Kookie, don’t say anything—”

“—are you trying to imply that Seokjin’s engagement ring which costs me half of my entire saving is now stuck somewhere within your bowels?!”

It takes a full five minutes of endless begging (and a hyung i can always shit the ring down again for you!!) for Jungkook to escape before he gets choked to death with the cords of Yoongi’s earphones.
  
Five 

“How do you feel about beach?”

Yoongi looks up from where he’s sprawled on the couch, fingers fiddling with the notepad on his chest. He glances at Seokjin who’s still mindlessly scrolling through his Pinterest board collection in his laptop.

“Hot,” Yoongi answers flatly. “Crowded. Sandy. Full of ill-mannered midgets who think that it’s funny to throw a squeaky beach ball out of nowhere while I’m trying to sleep. Basically it’s an epitome of things that I hate the most in my life.”

“As expected,” Seokjin hums, clicking away at his keyboard to start typing out a new word. “Fine, no beach then. How about mountains?”

Yoongi scrunches his nose, considering for a moment. “Too windy. Smells too much like pine-scented disinfectant that you bought. And not to mention, squirrels,” he shivers at the thought. “Big no from me.”

“Yoongi, for the last time, I swear squirrels don’t do kung fu.”

“Hyung, trust me. I’ve watched that video multiple times. There’s an actual squirrel that does high kick towards its own kind out of nowhere. And don’t you watch Spongebob? The squirrel there does karate. That’s like, a thousand times worse.”

“You’re being ridiculous,” Seokjin sighs, drifting his attention back to the screen. “So… no beach and no mountain… okay, I’m running out of ideas.”

“What are you trying to look for anyway?” Yoongi hauls himself to his feet and glances over from behind Seokjin’s shoulders. His brows furrow until a little line appears between his eyes, gazing down at a screen full of… wedding photos. “A wedding,” he deadpans, giving Seokjin a long look. “You’re looking for wedding ideas. Why are you looking for wedding ideas? Wait, don’t tell me—” Yoongi gapes, lips slightly parted, and there’s a tinge of anticipation flickering on his face. “Hyung, don’t tell me—are we, are we getting married?”

Instead of answering, Seokjin only leans over his armchair to smack Yoongi on the forehead.

“Don’t be an idiot,” Seokjin glares at Yoongi, frowning. “Since when are we actually getting married?”

“So why are you looking for wedding ideas—”

“I’m looking for wedding locations,” Seokjin rectifies, raking a hand through his freshly-dyed blond hair in frustration. “Taehyung put me in charge to find some alternative places for their reception. Apparently the venue that they’ve previously booked registered their names for the wrong date, so they’ll need to find a new place for the reception,” he huffs, propping up his chin in one hand. “They’re getting married in three months. Three months, Yoongi. And they haven’t secured any venue yet. Unbelievable.”

The words ‘three months’ send a pang straight to his chest, but he brushes them away as he looks up at Seokjin’s frowning face. He smiles and pinches Seokjin’s cheek, earning a whine of protest from the older.

“I’ll help you out,” Yoongi says, pulling Seokjin’s swivel chair towards him and tucking his chin atop of Seokjin’s head. “Okay, so. Venues for outdoor wedding, right? Actually a beach wedding doesn’t really sound that bad. I’ve read a lot of stuff about people wanting to host a beach wedding.”

“Wait until sand gets into your eyes,” Seokjin counters, glancing up to peer at Yoongi’s face. “And I think there’s no way we’re going to hold the reception at the beach, it’ll be winter already by then.”

Yoongi pauses for a second. “How about an at home wedding?”

Seokjin’s brows arch up. “At home wedding?”

“Yeah. Like, try renting a house with a backyard somewhere out of town—not too big, just enough for close friends and families. Maybe a lakeside house would be nice. Taehyung is a little bit extravagant sometimes so I’m not sure that he’ll like the idea,” Yoongi muses, a fond smile stretching on his lips, and he gently leaves a kiss on top of Seokjin’s hair. “But I think when it comes to weddings, there really is no place like home.”
  
Eight 

Jungkook and Taehyung’s wedding is short and sappy. But somehow it’s also disgustingly endearing.

It has taken place at the backyard of Jungkook’s grandmother’s house in Busan that somehow has turned into a whirlwind of red roses and baby’s breaths, rustic table settings pulled from the cupboards and linen napkins with Iron Man patterns. And Yoongi has to admit that it’s a beautiful place, situated between the dense thickets of bright green shrubbery, and not to mention a gorgeous day: afternoon sun filtered down through the winter air, which is wafted with the dripping scent of flowers.

There’s an announcement saying that it’s time for the newlyweds to start their first dance, and Yoongi watches with mild interest when both Jungkook and Taehyung immediately do a full roll of dabbing instead a slow dance.

“They exchange my beautiful french linen napkins for a set of ironman napkins,” Seokjin says, voice high and strangled as he points at the napkin on his lap with a look of humiliation. “I’ve tried my best to set the whole theme as a wedding that is straight out of a Pinterest, and suddenly there’s an ironman napkin in my lap.”

“Welcome to the frenetic turn of taste of modern life,” Namjoon laughs, already going down with his third champagne of the night. “Or in a more comprehensive approach, it’s called ‘fusion’.”

“But at least we didn’t wind up with Hoseok’s testicle ice sculpture business,” Jimin chimes in.

“It’s a masterpiece, okay,” Hoseok retorts. “One day I swear that it’s going to be featured in the ‘1000 Most Aspirational Wedding Ideas’ article.”

“Who’s going to post it anyway,” Namjoon snorts. “Pornterest?”

There are cheers erupting from the middle of the dance floor, and Yoongi drifts his attention to the sudden chaos.

“What’s going on?” Seokjin asks. “I thought they’re going to serve the dinner already.”

“Hyung, I’m starting to get suspicious that your initial reason to be willingly in charge of the caterer is because of the free food.”

“Why else would I be here?” Seokjin laughs, before clapping happily when one of the waiters starts ladling out appetisers on their table.

“I think they’re going to throw the flower bouquet,” Hoseok shrugs, peering a little at the crowd that starts making way for the two grooms. Yoongi smiles, admiring the way Taehyung looks: hair swept up in a slick-back cut with a flower crown adorning his head. Both of them are wearing white tuxedo, and there’s a bouquet of red roses and more baby’s breaths in Taehyung’s hand.

Taehyung and Jungkook slowly pass by the crowd, face beaming in a pure glee, and they just look… graceful. Happy. As if this world is just made for the two of them, and nothing else really matters.

A tinge of envy lurches within him, and Yoongi shakes his head to push the thought aside.

The dance floor starts drifting drastically when the DJ announces that the groom will be throwing the bouquet into the crowd. Taehyung laughs when women start crowding in front of the stage, before handing down the bouquet to Jungkook instead.

“So,” Seokjin nudges Yoongi by his shoulder, amusement flickering over his face. “Now that Jungkook and Taehyung are finally married, are you still high on that wedding fever?”

Yoongi scoffs. “I was never high on wedding fever at the first place.”

Seokjin only purses his lips, completely ignoring Yoongi’s faint attempt of denial. He has his eyes trained on the pumpkin soup in front of him instead. “What do you think of this pumpkin soup?” he suddenly says, changing the topic.

Yoongi gives Seokjin a funny look. “You’re asking my stance about pumpkin soup.”

“I’m not asking about your stance,” Seokjin frowns. “It’s called trying to make a conversation.”

“We’ve been having a conversation for the last five minutes,” Yoongi says, unimpressed. “And who starts off a conversation with pumpkin soup?”

“I do,” Seokjin rolls his eyes. “So what do you think?”

Yoongi tucks his chin in his hand, scrutinising the mushy, yellow starch in front of him. “A little bit too heavy, I guess,” finally comes his reply. “I prefer eating clear soup over cream soup anyway.”

“Like, french onion soup?”

“Yeah. Or like, an authentic Korean soup—”

Something flies in their direction and captures Yoongi’s attention, and he doesn’t understand how and why his arm is suddenly outstretched, but most probably because he’s trying to shield Seokjin from that inanimate object—

—that somehow turns out to be a fucking bouquet.

“Nice reflex, hyung,” Hoseok comments, but then he almost chokes on his soup when he sees what Yoongi has just caught. “Oh my god—”

There’s a second of silence before Namjoon bursts out laughing. “Oh my god—out of all the fucking people—”

“Hyung!” Jungkook’s yell floats from a distance, before dissolving into a high-pitched shriek when he spots Yoongi staring wide-eyed at the bouquet in his hand. “Hyung! Oh my god, Tae, Yoongi hyung actually caught it!”

“I’ve told you that he’s definitely going to catch it,” Taehyung laughs, before slinging an arm over his husband’s shoulder. “That’s a great throw, by the way.”

“You fucking threw the bouquet across the room,” Hoseok counters. “So you weren’t called muscle rabbit for nothing.”

“Jungkook,” Yoongi says through his teeth, shaking the bouquet in his hand. “Were you trying to aim at us?”

“Not really,” Jungkook shrugs nonchalantly. “Maybe the heavens really want you and Seokjin hyung to get married.”

“I know that you’re going to be the next one, hyung!” Taehyung squeals in delight. “So, what do you think? Maybe in March? April? Spring is the best season to hold a wedding—”

“You guys are being ridiculous,” Seokjin snorts, before turning his head at Yoongi. “We’re not going to get married, right?”

There’s a faint why not? lurking at the tip of Yoongi’s tongue, bumping up against the ceiling of his mouth, and it takes everything in him to swallow the words back down his throat.

“Of course,” comes his weak reply, and Yoongi clears his throat before adding, in a slightly more stern voice. “Of course we’re not.”
  
Thirteen 

It’s four in the morning and Yoongi should be asleep by now. But instead, he finds himself remain seated within his cramped studio space of his apartment, fingers fiddling with the buttons of his mixer as he tries to tweak some of his beats. It doesn’t do him any better when there’s Namjoon sleeping next to him, face smushed against the table, and even through his noise-cancelling headphone Yoongi can hear how Namjoon’s snores filtered up to the vent. He takes a quick once-over at his friend and scrunches his nose when he notices there’s drool pooling at the corner of Namjoon’s mouth.

Shit. He’s being distracted again. Okay, focus. He needs to at least get the beats done by the morning before—

Yoongi doesn’t hear anything, but his nose twitches at the sudden change of air. There’s a familiar yet comforting smell of robust, tinged with a refreshing citrus scent, and he immediately turns around in his swivel chair.

“Oh,” Seokjin looks surprised, clearly not expecting Yoongi to notice his presence. “Sorry if I disturb you.”

Yoongi shakes his head and takes his headphone off. “I don’t really hear you anyway. It’s just. I smell the tea.”

“Ah, yeah. Here, I thought you probably want to drink something warm,” Seokjin smiles, putting the brimming tea cup next to Yoongi’s keyboard. He softly runs his fingers through Yoongi’s tousled hair and Yoongi leans into his touch almost automatically.

“Why are you even awake at this hour?” Yoongi hums, tilting his face so he can kiss the inside of Seokjin’s palm instead. “Can’t sleep?”

“Not really,” Seokjin pouts, face looking simultaneously horrified and disgusted. “I was having a perfectly deep slumber when suddenly there was a cockroach crawling on top of my face. On top of my gorgeous face,” he shivers at the memory, before letting out a whine. “Please tell me that you’re going to spray the whole house with repellent later.”

Yoongi raises his eyebrows, wrapping his arms around Seokjin’s waist to pull him closer, swiftly trapping him within his legs. “Why don’t you just do it by yourself?”

“I’m not going back to our room if that cockroach is still there,” Seokjin says with a flat voice. “How do bugs even get to the 8th floor anyway?”

“Determination,” Yoongi replies absently, one hand stroking Seokjin’s temple, trying to smoothen out the frown. When Seokjin’s frown only deepens, Yoongi immediately chuckles, face twisting in amusement. “Fine, I promise to spray the whole house with repellent. Happy?”

“You’re the best,” Seokjin beams, pushing himself off from Yoongi’s lap and raising back on his feet. “For now I’ll just sleep in the living room.”

“No—” Yoongi immediately chokes out and catches Seokjin’s wrist, feeling his words stuck in his throat. “No—don’t sleep there. Um, wait, just give me a second—” he shoots to his feet, haphazardly throwing all the unidentified items off from his small couch, before patting the futon as a gesture for Seokjin to sit. “You can just, uh, sleep here if you want.”

Seokjin’s lips quirk into a small smile, hinted with surprise and a slight amusement. “You want me to sleep here?” he repeats, briefly casting his gaze at Namjoon who’s still snoring loudly.

“Oh, that’s—wait,” Yoongi pauses for a moment. He doesn’t think twice when he kicks Namjoon’s swivel chair to the corner of the room, earning a loud grunt from the younger as he crashes against the carpeted wall. “Get up. Seokjin hyung is here.”

“Fuck, hyung, that fucking hurts,” Namjoon groans, trying to push himself back onto his chair, and there’s a voice saying Namjoon, mind your language in a sharp tone. He groggily opens his eyes to the sight of Seokjin sitting languidly on the couch. “Oh—hyung. What are you doing here?”

“Seokjin hyung can’t sleep in our room,” Yoongi interjects, pointing at the direction of the couch. “So he’s going to sleep here.”

“Oh,” Namjoon’s mouth forms a big ‘o’ and he scratches his head in confusion. “So?”

“So?” Yoongi gives Namjoon a funny look. “He’s going to sleep here, which means that you can’t sleep.”

“Why—” comes Namjoon’s attempt to protest, but before he can say anything else, Yoongi beats him to it.

“You snore like a warthog.”

“Yeah? And Seokjin hyung laughs like a honking goose,” Namjoon grumbles, and Seokjin glares down at the back of Namjoon’s head. “Hoseok laughs like a fucking hyena and you look like a turtle. Hyung, there’s an evolution theory saying—”

“Fine, whatever. You’re a warthog and Hoseok’s a hyena, next time who knows that I’m going to open a fucking animal shelter,” Yoongi sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. “But the gist of this entire conversation is that you can’t sleep here.”

“Fine, fine,” Namjoon gives in, throwing both arms into the air. “Good to know that it’s just how you roll, hyung. Prioritising your boyfriend on top of your own best friend. A supportive friendship indeed.”

“Good to know that we’re on the same page then.”

“Fuck you, hyung.”

“You owe three bucks to the swear jar,” Jin half-giggles, slumping himself happily to the couch before glancing up back at Yoongi. “Are you sure you don’t want to sleep yet?” he asks sleepily, voice soft and drowsy, and there’s a small smile—the same, exact smile that always throws Yoongi off no matter how many times he has seen it by now—stretching on his lips. “It’s almost five.”

“More reasons for you to sleep, yeah?” Yoongi breathes and crouches down to the floor, one hand stroking Seokjin’s cheek idly.

“How about you?” Seokjin breathes against Yoongi’s palm, and Yoongi can barely suppress the shiver that runs down his spine. “Are you even going to sleep at all?”

“Mm,” Yoongi murmurs, leaving a peck on Seokjin’s forehead, and the older lets out a satisfied hum. “In a bit, okay? I’ll just try to finish one more track.”

Seokjin’s affirmation comes out halfway between a slurred okay and a yawn, before he catches himself drifting off to sleep. There’s a hint of strange, weighted feeling creeping inside of Yoongi every time he watches Seokjin’s slowly falling asleep. And it grows heavier as time goes by, with a tiny voice speaking at the back of his head that this is, indeed, a sight that he doesn’t mind spending the rest of his life with.

“Jesus, you guys are so fucking disgusting,” Namjoon’s voice floats from the corner of the room, and Yoongi regrets not kicking him out when Seokjin came in just now. He leans back on his swivel chair with his arms crossed over his chest, eyes flickering at Yoongi with a curious expression. “Hyung, you and Seokjin hyung act like a married couple all the fucking time,” Namjoon pauses. “I don’t understand why you guys are not married yet.”

Silence stretches between them, only slightly disrupted by the steady flow of Seokjin’s breathing and the humming sound from the air conditioner. The air has somehow turned a little bit too stuffy to Yoongi’s liking, but he pushes the thought aside, assuming that maybe it’s just the way his sense heightens under the heavy influence of caffeine.

“Yeah,” Yoongi finally chokes out after a few seconds, voice a little strangled in his throat and more than a little uncertain. He shifts his gaze back to Seokjin who’s still deep asleep, and there’s a familiar pang twisting in his chest. “I don’t understand either.”
  
Nineteen 

They’ve fought quite a couple of times before. Hell, they have even been through the worst, where it consisted of constant fights for the whole two weeks until Seokjin couldn’t take it anymore, and he decided to pack his stuff and drove back to his old apartment. The fight was horrible, and Yoongi was agitated enough that he has robbed off his concentration, which was usually invisible even to the most tempting distraction. He hasn’t slept a blink during the fight, which was why he ended up finding himself shifting his weight awkwardly in front of Seokjin’s apartment. But that was in the past.

While this one… this one is completely, utterly ridiculous.

“Jesus christ, can you at least tell me if you’re going to come home late?” Yoongi raises his voice, glancing up at the clock in the kitchen. “It’s two in the morning, Seokjin. Do you even have any idea how worried I was?!”

“It wasn’t like I was wandering around, I was working,” Seokjin snaps, face tired and worn out from a hectic day at the shooting location. “And I mean—you! You always come home late, or worse, you even forget about our anniversary,” he narrows his eyes sharply. “But do you even hear any protest from me? No! Because I know that your career matters a lot to you!”

“Stop making it about me,” Yoongi scoffs, crossing his arms over his chest. “Unlike you, I always make sure to at least give you a call whenever I’m going to come home late—”

“My phone was running out of batteries,” Seokjin says exasperatedly. “Please, Yoongi, I just—I just don’t want to fight, okay? It’s seriously starting to feel like I was being married to a—”

“We’re not married,” Yoongi cuts him off, voice cold and impassive, and there’s an unreadable expression on his face. “You’ve been very, very clear about that for the last one year and a half.”

Seokjin freezes halfway through putting his shoes on the rack, stopping cold, eyes widening in shock. “That’s—that’s only because I don’t see why you want to—”

“Why don’t you want to be with me?”

Seokjin sighs. “It’s not that I don’t want to be with you, Yoongi, it’s just—”

“Then marry me!” Yoongi snarls, voice shaking in anger. “Or am I the only one in this relationship who actually wants something bigger than this because, fuck, hyung—” he chokes out, glancing up to meet Seokjin’s eyes, and his speech immediately comes to a halt when Seokjin only stares back at him with uncertainty swimming in his brown eyes.

And Yoongi can feel his heart shatters at the sight—bit by bit, slowly crumbling until all that he can feel is a numbing sensation wrenching in his gut.

A suffocating silence engulfs them in which a mixture of emotions is sprawled across Yoongi’s face; surprise, confusion, but mostly hurt. The older looks down at his socked feet and grips his bag with more force than necessary, his hold tightening just like his smile.

“I’m tired,” Seokjin says meekly. “I’ll just—I’ll just sleep on the couch and we’ll talk about this tomorrow.”

“Seokjin—” Yoongi is about to say something but his words are lodged at the back of his throat when Seokjin only looks at him with sad eyes.

“It’s alright,” Seokjin smiles bitterly, eyes red at the corners and Yoongi can feel a sudden rush to take Seokjin into his embrace, telling him that this whole fight—it’s just—it’s stupid. But he stays motionless on his feet, watching Seokjin make his way towards the bathroom and closing the door shut.

When Yoongi slips onto the couch later at night, he knows that Seokjin isn’t asleep yet from the way his breathing gets heavier. He doesn’t pry though, even though the couch is ridiculously cramped and too small for two people. Instead he slides his arms around Seokjin’s waist despite the apparent stiffness to the touch, and inhaling the smell of vanilla from Seokjin’s hair.

Sorry. Yoongi muses silently, leaving a short peck at the back of Seokjin’s neck. I’m sorry.

And as if Seokjin hears what Yoongi has said in silence, the older leans back into the touch, sighing a little before curling his fingers around Yoongi’s wrist.

“It’s not that I don’t want to be with you,” Seokjin whispers meekly. “It’s just… I don’t even know why, but I just want you to know that it’s not because I don’t want to be with you.”

“I know,” Yoongi murmurs softly, before kissing the back of Seokjin’s head. “I know.”
  
Twenty 

“Maybe Seokjin hyung is just not the marrying kind,” Taehyung hums, eyes gazing idly at Jungkook who’s still engrossed in working on some kind of income statement sheets. Sometimes Yoongi is still amazed by how married life can actually turn someone into a completely different person. He distinctly remembers how the youngest immediately dozed off to sleep just at the sight of multiplication table, while now… he glances briefly at Jungkook who suddenly yawns, one hand rubbing his face sleepily.

Well, maybe some things don’t really change at all.

“…68… 69…” Jungkook pauses. “Um. What comes after 69?”

“A mouthwash?”

“I’m so not listening to a dirty joke so early in the morning,” Yoongi grunts. “Guys, please. I have an issue to solve here.”

“Maybe it’s like, um, some sort of punishment?” Hoseok says, and there’s a crease forming on his forehead. “I mean, hyung used to be really mean towards us—”

“Fuck you, I bought you food like, almost all the fucking time.”

“I think the word that you’re looking for is karma,” Namjoon interjects.

“Ah, yeah, that,” Hoseok nods. “You know the saying, hyung. Karma is a bitch.”

“But karma sutra is not,” Jungkook suddenly pipes up from behind his paperwork, and Jimin immediately bursts out laughing.

There’s a groan slipping past Yoongi’s lips and he buries his face into his palms. “I almost wanted to tell you that you were not supposed to say those kind of stuff, but then I sort of remember that you’re going to turn twenty-six this year.”

“I’m so proud of my apprentice,” Hoseok muses, looking satisfied as he pats Jungkook on the back.

“Or maybe, you know, hyung is like that type of guy in shoujo manga. The one that we can only see, but not own.”

“I think the word that you’re looking for is fictional,” Namjoon butts in again.

“Wow, thanks a lot, Siri,” Taehyung rolls his eyes.

“It’s not Siri,” Namjoon frowns. “Siri doesn’t do auto-correct—”

“So,” Taehyung cuts Namjoon’s off, completely ignoring his whine of protest. “Maybe that’s it. And no, the word that I’m looking for it’s not fictional. He can’t be fictional? He is as real as his lips could be. Fuck his Kylie Jenner lips.”

“Excuse me,” Yoongi frowns. “That’s my boyfriend’s lips that you’re talking about—”

“But he does have impressive lips,” Hoseok rubs his chin. “How did he even get that, hyung? Are those even real?”

Yoongi only throws him a deadly glare. “Can we stop talking about Seokjin’s lips? I know that he has pretty lips and all that but he is my boyfriend—”

“Yeah, and still not marrying you.”

There’s a few seconds of silence before Yoongi adds again. “But we’re in a serious relationship—”

“—and still not marrying you either.”
  
Twenty-two 

“Hyung, you know what,” Yoongi perks up, taking a peek at Seokjin who’s busy chopping some vegetables at the kitchen. “I’ll let you have a super mario wedding cake if we get married.”

“To be honest, that’s really, really tempting, but no.”

“How about pink tuxedo? Or kirby-shaped rings—”

“Yoongi, I’m holding a knife.”

“Right, got it. I’ll just—um, shut up. I guess?”
  
Twenty-three 

“I think,” Yoongi says. “I’m just so engrossed with the idea of something binding us together, you know.”

“You are,” Seokjin nods, staring at his plate with an incredulous look. “You really are, that it’s borderline ridiculous. Did you actually buy that alphabet nuggets on purpose just to spell out a do you want 2 merry me?”

“Yes.”

“Do you even realise that you spell it out wrongly?”
“No—what? Fuck.”   
+1 

“Isn’t it too late to visit your family for Chuseok’s celebration?” Yoongi asks as he pulls his car to a familiar neighbourhood of Seokjin’s family’s house. “I mean, Chuseok holiday was last week.”

“They told me as long as we actually make a time for it, anytime is fine,” Seokjin shrugs.

“It’s weird that your mother wasn’t being fussy about it,” Yoongi frowns, parking his car in front of a white wooden house with two oak trees flanking at its sides. He looks down at his slightly crumpled suits. “Except of course. What’s with the sudden dress code?”

“It’s fancy, isn’t it,” Seokjin giggles, smoothing out Yoongi’s bow tie a little. “Come on, I think the celebration is going to start soon.”

“Celebration?” Yoongi asks as they get out from the car. “I thought it’s just a normal family dinner.”

“Well,” Seokjin hums, leading their way towards the backyard of the house. “I can’t really say that it’s a ‘normal dinner’. It’s more like a small feast.”

Yoongi narrows his eyes. “Is your fixation on food actually runs in the family, or is it just you?”

“Ha ha, very funny,” Seokjin replies drily, and they continue walking past the oak tree, following the traces of dimmed fairy lights that lead them to the end of the stone path.

When they finally manage to reach the end of path, Yoongi’s breath hitches almost immediately at the sight.

It’s an arch, situated in the middle of the garden, laced with pink roses and dried allium. There are ribbons on the chairs of the same colours, clusters of candles on the stone floor illuminating the garden in a soft orange light, and some faint instrumental music playing in the background.

“Is this a wedding?” Yoongi asks, looking confused as he casts his gaze around. “Isn’t it supposed to be a dinner?” he asks again, now looking back at Seokjin. “Whose wedding is th—”

And his eyes land on familiar faces at the back of Seokjin’s head. There’s Namjoon, and Hoseok, and the rest of the fucklets fellowship, all dressed in fine black suits with lips stretched into a wide grin, and Yoongi suddenly has the urge to kick all of them in the crotch.

The only thing that breaks Yoongi out of his trance is when Seokjin finally clears his throat and digs through the pocket of his pants.

“Seokjin,” Yoongi presses. “Is this—is this some kind of joke?”

“Not if you don’t want it to be,” Seokjin chuckles, crooked fingers fumbling with a black velvet box, revealing a sleek golden band with a platinum border in it.

“You—” Yoongi gasps, voice comes off halfway between offended and denial. “You—wait, you—you planned this?! So those rejections, those fucking rejections—” he pauses, trying to keep his breathing even. “—and the fight—”

“For your information, I didn’t really plan on the fight,” Seokjin huffs. “You were the one who started it at the first place.”

Yoongi only looks at Seokjin with an utter disbelief. “You’re an asshole.”

“But my asshole is yours anyway,” Seokjin laughs, eyes crinkling at the corners and fuck, Yoongi is caught between simultaneously wanting to punch his boyfriend on his perfect teeth and kissing him there and then—because god knows how long he’s been waiting for this.

“Two fucking years,” he spats out. Suddenly everything makes sense—those weird questions, those refusals, those dubious looks on Seokjin’s face every time he tries to talk about marriage—Yoongi’s not exactly sure how he has failed to notice them in the first place. “You hide it from me for two fucking years—” Yoongi raises his voice, before it falters back into a whine. “I’ve been asking you for two fucking years, and you never said yes.”

“But you’ve never stopped asking me either,” Seokjin giggles, and Yoongi immediately falls silent. He only stares at Seokjin, his kind eyes and sharp tongue, and how the way his pointy nose twitches every time he voices out another snarky opinion of his. The way his plump lips pouts cutely while smacking the back of Yoongi’s head whenever he curses, all broad and tall and wide but somehow always manages to curl himself next to Yoongi in their cramped couch. And it’s a stark contrast—a walking contradiction—that keeps everything in balance.

That keeps his life in balance, that Yoongi has no idea what he’s going to do if Seokjin is not by his side.

“So…” Seokjin trails off, teeth gnawing on his bottom lip. “What’s your answer?”

Yoongi only gives Seokjin a flat look. “You haven’t even asked me anything yet.”

“Yoongi!” Seokjin whines. “You know that—you know that I’m bad with this kind of stuff.”

“I fucking recite the line for twenty three times and you can’t even say it once,” he deadpans, crossing his arms over his chest.

“It’s awkward,” Seokjin flushes deep red, flailing his arms nervously. “And it’s like—I’m just, um. I don’t even know how to say this,” he pauses when Yoongi bursts out laughing. “Yoongi!”

“Fuck yes, my dear,” Yoongi grins, before pulling Seokjin for a kiss. “For you, a fucking thousand times yes.”




Afterword


End Notes
For those who are wondering how does yoonjin's wedding actually look like, here I am being a trash by finding some references beforehand.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



