



Twisted - Rhuia - Sherlock Holmes Related
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Twisted
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/478823.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
F/M, M/M
Fandom:
Sherlock Holmes & Related Fandoms, Sherlock (TV)
Relationship:
John Watson/Original Female Character, Sherlock Holmes/John Watson
Character:
Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, OFC
Additional Tags:
Voyeurism, Non-con voyeurism, Angst
Stats:

        Published: 2012-08-06
        Words: 5902
      

Twisted
by Rhuia
Summary
They’re so lost in each other, so tangled and drenched in the sex, that John almost misses the slight movement out of the corner of his eye, the mirror reflecting a pale face at the door, the shift of a long black coat as it whirls away.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes




Twisted



 


“God you’re
gorgeous,” pants John, lifting Belinda’s leg a little higher.  The new angle changes his thrust, takes him
deeper, and they both moan.  


The room
smells like sex and her perfume, musk and lilies.  “There,” she says, “oh god there please,
please,” and throws her head back, hips pushing at him.  John locks into her, hits the spot that makes
her writhe and she comes, tightening around him, crying out.  He comes too after a minute, teeth gritted. 


They’re so
lost in each other, so tangled and drenched in the sex, that John almost misses
the slight movement out of the corner of his eye, the mirror reflecting a pale
face at the door, the shift of a long black coat as it whirls away.


-


They’re
lying in bed afterwards, damp and drowsy, when Belinda runs a hand down his
chest and murmurs, “did you see? At the door?”


“Mm,” he
says, putting a hand over hers, half-asleep, not really wanting to deal with it
just now.  How long had he been there?
And oh god, the thought of Sherlock watching the two of them have sex …  he’s not sure if he feels like something
under a microscope, or if it’s the other thing: the low, dark slither so deep
inside he almost can’t see it.  He
doesn’t know.  He just wants to go to
sleep.


“Does he
always do that?” she asks.  “Come and
watch?”


“What?” He
almost bolts out of bed.  “No! No.  He probably wanted me to get him a glass of
water or change the channel on the telly or something.”


“All right
love, settle down,” says Belinda, laughing. 
“It’s just,” she says contemplatively, after a minute, “he was there for
a good few minutes.  I thought maybe it
was something the two of you did.”


John
groans.  A few minutes, god.  


“Do you know,
there’s this thing called a post-coital glow? It’s relaxing, you must try
it.  And no, funnily enough,” he says,
closing one eye and squinting at her with the other, “I do not have a secret
voyeur arrangement with Sherlock, whereby he lurks in the doorway and watches
me shag my girlfriend.”


Belinda
looks at him thoughtfully.  


“Shame,” she
says. “Would you like to?’


-


The next
morning, John almost bumps into Sherlock as he’s kissing Belinda goodbye.


“Bye
Sherlock!” she sings out, as she leaves. 



A good few minutes

, John thinks.


“Awful
weather,” he says, closing the door.  “So
clammy for this time of year, don’t you think? Bet summers weren’t really
better when we were kids.  I remember
clammy.  Oh yes, all too well.  Clammy,” he says, and dives for the
kettle.  “Tea? Lovely.” 


The
convenience of being British, frankly, cannot be overstated at times like
this.    


Sherlock
looks bland.  “I spent my childhood summers trying to find
potential serial killers in our village. 
By seventeen I was doing it nationally. 
It was a year-round job by then. 
I saved summers for the body searches.”


“Exactly,”
says John, “Exactly.”


Sherlock
sighs.  “Look we don’t have—”


“—any
sugar?  Bugger!” John croaks out, and
then, improvising madly, “Honey! People do that.  Let’s give it a go, eh? Live a little.  Nothing ventured, etc.”  His face falls.  “Did you leave any in the jar after the thing
with the cockroache—no.  No, didn’t think
so.  Right.  Right.”


He makes the
tea anyway.  It’s too hot and burns his
tongue, which gives him valuable fumbling time; he pretends it’s worse than it
is and the next five minutes are a flurry of ouch and can’t talk, burnt
tongue, ooh that smarts.


“If you’re
finished?” asks Sherlock, finally.


“God yes,”
says John, exhausted.


“Right,”
says Sherlock, “come on, Lestrade’s got something slightly interesting for us
to look at.”


-


‘Slightly
interesting’ turns out to be Fiona, Lady Bludgin, Baronetess.  


“Terrifying,”
Lestrade hisses at them, before he pulls the door open to the interrogation
room.  “Mad as a bag of
grasshoppers.  Calls me ‘inspector’ like
it’s a sex word.”


Lady
Bludgin’s perched on a chair, elderly, tiny, immaculately suited.  


“Oh
inspector,” she coos.  “You’re back.” She
peers around him.  “With civilians!”


Lestrade
grins weakly.  “We’ve had to call in a
consultant,” he says.  “Quite the case,
this one.”


“Lovely!”
says Lady Bludgin, and captures and strokes his hand.  Lestrade breaks out into a gentle sweat.


Sir
Bludgin’s gone missing.  “The last time I
saw Islington, he was bundled up in the car with the most terrible head cold,
but so insistent that he had to be at work. 
His secretary says he never came in. 
That was a week ago.”  Her face
creases, all soft wrinkles and sorrow.


Sir Bludgin
is, of course, Dr. Sir Islington Bludgin, Bart., eminent cardiologist.  John’s neither met nor spoken to him.  Too rarefied for a rank-and-file medic like
him.


Lestrade’s
checked with friends and family, there’s no ransom note, no clues to go on, the
driver dropped him at Paddington Station, which wasn’t unusual, and Lord
Bludgin was in excellent spirits on the morning he left, his cold
notwithstanding.  He’s vanished into thin
air.


“You know
about the mistresses, obviously,” says Sherlock.  John and Lestrade both start, and open their
mouths to object, but Lady Bludgin gets in first.  


“Oh
obviously,” she says, smiling, but her face suddenly sharpens.   Her eyes lose their fuzzy warmth and
recalibrate on Sherlock.  “But I usually
get flowers halfway through those assignations.”  


Her face
gentles again.  “Poor Islington, he feels
so horribly guilty about it every time, I wonder why he bothers.  He’s in physical agony for days afterwards, moaning and stretching
hamstrings and things.”  She purses her
lips.  “The last time he came back with
an enormous cut on his calf.  It was
ghastly.  Can’t think what they get up
to.”


“Er,”
Lestrade looks harried.  “What is
his excuse for the times he’s away?”


“Oh
inspector.” She laughs.  “We’ve been
married for forty years.  You run out of
excuses after the first twenty.  It’s
usually a medical conference,” she says, waving a hand, “or a week’s consult
somewhere abroad.  He actually had to
have a rabies shot before he went on one particular trip.  I do remember thinking rather her than me at that point.”


She looks at
them tolerantly.  “One doesn’t like to
air one’s dirty laundry and so forth, but of course I absolutely trust in your discretion if dear Inspector Lestrade’s
called you in.”


Lestrade
makes a tiny, whimpering sound.  Lady Bludgin’s
still holding onto his hand.


-


They’re at
Sussex Place, at the Bludgins’ city house. 
Sherlock’s been given free rein on poking into things.  He’s in the Bludgins’ wardrobe, sifting
through Sir Bludgin’s things.


“You can
tell a lot about a person from their accessories,” he says, rummaging in a
drawer that’s full of neatly coiled belts, all partitioned off from each
other.  He pulls the drawer right out and
his eyes light up.  


“A man with
these in his belt drawer,” he says, reaching in and pulling out a pair of
purple men’s braces and holding them up triumphantly, “is trying to tell the
world something.  Very loudly.”


“I’ve
got braces,” says John.  Purple is an interesting colour choice, but
Lady Bludgin’s downstairs ‘keeping visiting hours’.  Who really knows what insanities the upper
classes allow themselves?


“Mm, you
must wear them tonight,” says Sherlock, absently, “No, a man with a drawer-full
of sensible leather belts and one set of purple braces shoved to the back, a
man who comes back from an affaire de
coeur in physical pain – that’s a man with secrets behind his secrets.”


John stares
at him.  Did Sherlock just …? John shakes
the thought out of his head.  No.  No. 
Research, not flirting.  


It turns
out, of course, that Sherlock’s right.  
Lady Bludgin lifts an eyebrow at the braces and declaims all knowledge
of them, as does Sir Bludgin’s valet.  


-


Belinda
cooks them dinner that night.  John was
thinking the three of them in a room together would be up there with digging
his back teeth out with a fork, but it actually goes quite well, up to a
point.  


Belinda
makes pasta, they eat it on the sofa, no-one mentions last night, they watch
QI, Sherlock gets the history questions right and gets enraged with the pop
culture ones.  


John gets
gently sloshed because he’s not stupid, he can see the ambush coming and he
wants to be as ready as he’ll ever be when it’s sprung.


Then
Sherlock says, “I’d better,” and leaves without another word.


“The thing
is,” says Belinda, swinging a leg over and straddling him, “I like being
watched.”


John
sighs.  “Yeah, I gathered that,” he
says.  She leans in and nips at his neck,
runs her fingers through his hair and tugs his head back a bit.  


“I like
knowing someone’s watching you, too,” she says, huskily, “watching your arse
thrust into me, my legs all wound around you”. 
Her hands are under his shirt now, fingers flicking over his nipples,
and he groans a little.  She’s so lovely,
so strong and fearless, and now she’s rubbing against his erection, bottom
swaying and brushing over him.  He wants
to strain upwards, pull her down onto him, get rid of all these sodding clothes.  


“But,”
Belinda says, now moving in closer, so her nipples brush against his chest,
“not if you don’t want to.  Not if,” and
she pushes down finally, finally, with her hips so they both gasp for a minute
from all that very nice pressure, “not if it makes you uncomfortable.”


John gathers
together the bits of his brain that aren’t addled by lust or alcohol.  “You’re sexually manipulating me into this,
you know,” he points out, trying to unbutton her jeans.


“I know,”
says Belinda, grinding down a bit more, “is it working?”


Sherlock
watching, Sherlock’s eyes on him, christ.


“What about
my spotty bum?” he says, “and my hairy back? I’ll never be able to look him in
the eye again.”


“You’ve got
a lovely bum!” Belinda protests.  “And
you don’t have a hairy back.  Stop making
silly excuses.  Just say if you don’t
want to.”  She’s serious now, all worried
and frowning.


He pulls
back to look at her.  She really is
gorgeous, and she really does care.  And
god, she’s amazing in bed.  He’s gone
along with everything she’s wanted to do, and it’s all been better than it’s
ever been before.


“I assume
you’ve, ah, discussed it with – ?” He makes a vague circling motion with a
finger.  She smiles.  “All set. 
Just waiting for you.”


Sherlock’s
eyes on him, Sherlock’s eyes on him. 
John blows out a puff of air. 
“Yeah,” he says, “Yeah, okay. Now kindly get your pants off this instant.”


-


They make it
to the bedroom, fumbling with buttons and zips and condoms and snorting with
laughter.  Belinda takes a second to grab
her phone and send a text.  “It’s to
Sherlo – ” she starts to say, but John waves her into silence.  


It’s fine,
they’re going to do this, she and Sherlock have obviously had a chat, yes
absolutely fine.  He’s buggered if he
wants the administrative details, let’s go,
oh my christ, before he remembers every single thing wrong with his body.


Their
clothes come off in wicked little motions, a shoulder here, the brush of naked
skin against his stomach there  – which
is so much fun that he almost manages to forget about this thing he’s roped
himself into – and then they’re on the bed, his thumbs are rolling tiny circles
on the dark, pebbled nipples and Belinda’s panting under him.  He’s thinking, god she’s amazing, and, I
want to taste it all, when he feels it – eyes on his skin, his back, his
arse.  


He shifts a
little, trying not to think about old acne scars and hair in the wrong places.  It’s hard not to.  The sheets feel tangled and scratchy under
him.


“Right,” he
whispers, all the happy alcoholic haze fleeing his body, “Right.”


“Mmm,” she
says, wriggling under him, “come on, gorgeous.”


He clears
his throat, massages her breasts.  She
shifts after he’s been at them for a while, looking apologetic, and dislodges
one of his hands.  I’ll just, he thinks, and leans in for a kiss, but he’s forgotten
to take the other hand off her other breast. 
Belinda lets out a little wheeze when he crushes it as he bends down.


“Sorry, god,
sorry,” John hisses, pulling his hand away. 



Belinda,
bless her, smiles encouragingly and wriggles under him.  Right,
thinks John, in with the fingers.  He’s about to start his hand wandering south,
when he suddenly feels cold and wet around his groin, and looks down.  The condom’s slipped off.  Which is fairly reasonable, given it doesn’t
have an erection to cling on to anymore. 


Belinda
looks down too, and her smile fades.  She
bites her lip and looks away.  John lets
himself think wistfully of last week’s sex. 
He’d thought it was incredible. 
Belinda had probably been bored.


Belinda
looks up at him suddenly, as if she hears that thought.  “He wanted
to, you know,” she says, quietly, fiercely. 
“It was his idea, he wanted to watch, he asked me.”


“Oh,” John
says.  



Oh.




He doesn’t
turn around and look at Sherlock, who’s still there, alone in the shadows.  Alone in his dark corner of the world,
watching it move around him.  


He doesn’t
turn around.  The low dark thing deep
inside John moves a little, raises its head. 
He recognises it.  It stirred in
him that first time they’d been in the cab together: amazing, he’d said, extraordinary,
watching Sherlock’s reflection in the window while London flickered by, stone
and brick and shop lights.  Sherlock’s
face, unguarded and soft with surprise for a moment.


His skin
prickles all over, his stomach twists a little with fear, with danger, with
sorrow.  


John curls
his fingers around Belinda’s jaw, pulls her mouth open, and kisses her,
slow,  deliberate.  “It’s all right, love,” he murmurs against
her lips, when her breath hitches.


He bends to
lap at Belinda’s breast, knows his tongue’s being watched.   He licks a little harder, uses his
teeth.  Her nipple pearls in his mouth,
small and sweet.  Have her breasts always
been this soft? She moans under him and twists her hips.  He puts a hand on her stomach and holds her
still.  


The shadow
in the door hasn’t moved but somehow John knows it’s a little more intent
now.  He doesn’t look at it.


When she
stops moving and looks at him wide-eyed, he says, “here, I think,” and licks
his thumb and draws it down her stomach, through the small darkness of her
navel, down, down, down, through her pubic hair and onto the soft wet stroke of
her clit.   


“Come on,”
she pants, trying to twist again and he firms down on her stomach again and
holds her completely still.  He puts the
heel of the same hand against her clit and rubs it against her, slowly, gently.  It’s just enough pressure to make her writhe
and swear.  “Don’t move,” he says.  He loves watching her like this, hips
pistoning, eyes desperate.  


The darkness
in the doorway stirs.


“Don’t
move,” he tells her softly, “and you can have a bit more.”


“Oh.” Her
head falls back.  She goes still.  “Please.”


“Look at you,”
he says, taking her in: swollen lips, flushed cheeks, wet breasts.  “Just look.” 
And then he goes to town: bends his head down, flattens his tongue and
laps and laps at her till she’s making high, panting noises.  His face is wet and his jaw’s starting to
hurt, but he can still feel those eyes on him, leaving a trail like fine, hot
sand everywhere they touch, silky and dry and burning.


Belinda
starts to come, gasping his name, so he takes his cock in his fist, pumps once,
twice, feels something in the room quicken, something that includes all three
of them and wants to say I know, it’s all
right, out loud, but he can’t, he doesn’t. 
He’s not sure who he’d be talking to.


Fear flares
low in his gut.


He comes
with a groan, his mouth still around Belinda’s clit.  


-


Belinda
leaves early for work the next morning, and he has to go into the clinic, so
it’s not technically sneaking out,
because she’s doing it too.  He doesn’t
see Sherlock.  


He manages
fine during the day.  He’s almost
painfully hard for most of it, but he manages.


-


Sherlock
texts him just as he’s finishing up.  



New development in Bludgin case.  Meet at Sussex Place.  Come at once. 
SH

.


-


It’s chaos
at Sussex Place when John gets there. 
There’s detectives swarming all over the place, and Lestrade’s looking
grim.  Lady Bludgin’s on a loveseat, pale
and tired.


John makes
his way over to Sherlock, who’s standing at a table, looking down at something
on it.  When he gets close enough, he
sees it’s a man’s suit jacket.  Grey
worsted wool, very expensive, cuffs frayed and burnt. 


“Sir
Bludgin’s,” says Sherlock, looking up. 
“Lady Bludgin caught a busker outside the Regent’s Park tube station
wearing it.  She recognised it from the
pin on the lapel,” he motions to it.  It
says ‘Esecutore, Milan 2010’.  


Sherlock
frowns.  “Lestrade’s called foul play.”


It’s like
last night never happened.  There’s
nothing in Sherlock’s eyes but exactly what’s in front of him.  


“Have they
got the busker?” John asks.


“No,”
Sherlock says, absently, fingering the pin. 
“He got away before Lestrade turned up.”


“What’s it
mean?” asks John, touching the pin as well. 
Their fingers meet.  John feels
his mouth go dry.  There’s nothing on
Sherlock’s face as he moves his hand away.


“An executor
of a will or a performer.  Makes no
sense. You wouldn’t call it typical jewellery for man of Sir Bludgin’s
position, either, would you? No,” he forestalls John, “Lady Bludgin has no
idea.  He just always wore it, she says.”


“The
busker.  Lestrade’ll never find him.  Homeless Network?” John asks, trying to think
past that fleeting, cool touch.


“Homeless
Network,” Sherlock agrees.


-


They get a
cab home, stopping under a bridge for Sherlock to slip a twenty-pound note and
details to a man curled up under a piece of cardboard.  


When they
get home, Sherlock paces the flat, frantic. 
“Burnt cuffs.  Why burnt cuffs?”


John’s
desperately trying to focus, so he can only say, “he burnt himself? He was near
a fire?”


“Burnt
himself how? It’s in perfect condition otherwise,” says Sherlock, picking up
the bow to his violin and swinging it around. 
“Not a mark on it, but .. burnt
cuffs.  Hands held over a fire to
torture him? No, why would they leave his jacket on? Not a chemical burn
either.”  The bow’s whirling giant
circles in the air.


“I texted
Belinda,” John says.  “She’s coming over
soon.”


Sherlock
stops mid-pace, his body turned slightly away from John.  His face is in shadow.  The bow keeps moving, thrumthrumthrum.


“Yes,” he
says.


-


John’s
almost crawling out of his skin when Belinda arrives.  


Something
must show in his face.  Belinda’s pupils
dilate when she sees him, and she licks her lips.  She doesn’t say a word, just jerks her head
in the direction of John’s bedroom.


They only
just make it past the bedroom door before he’s got her clothes off, and his
clothes off, and she’s kneeling on the floor, soft wet mouth around him.  Her tongue’s snaking around him and her teeth
are lightly dragging down the length of him when Sherlock appears in the
doorway and it’s a shock because they’re so close they could almost touch.  


Belinda has
her back to the door, but she must know when he appears because she looks up at
John, and her eyes suddenly go languorous and heavy.  


He wonders
what kind of picture he makes, standing there: short, stocky limbs, scars
silvering his body, his cock disappearing into Belinda’s mouth.  His mouth must be open and soft with
pleasure.  His hands must be unclenched.


He touches
Belinda’s hair, her cheek.  She’s
crouched on the floor.  Every part of her
is  mesmerising.  


“Love your
mouth,” he says, gently holding her head in his hands.  The words hang loose and soft in the
air.  Sherlock’s eyes go dark.


She closes
her eyes and her cheeks hollow as she takes him in.  “Your tongue, god yes, sweetheart, that,” he
says, because she’s lapping at the underside of his cock.  She makes a sighing sound, and it shivers
through him, and then she’s grabbing his arse, pulling him in deeper.  He shoves into her mouth, the heat and softness
engulfing him, whispering, “you’re amazing, amazing.”  


Sherlock
stands immobile and tense, his eyes locked on John’s.  There’s something tight and desperate and
terrible in them and John wants to reach out a hand and put it on the
doorway.  Next to Sherlock’s shoulder, which
is leaning against it.  They’re so
close.   He could do that, he could do it
easily.  


Belinda does
something with the suction and he comes, jerkily,  unexpectedly, his head thrown back, a metre
of long empty space between him and Sherlock, and Belinda’s perfect mouth
swallowing, swallowing.


When he
opens his eyes, of course, Sherlock’s gone.


-


When John’s
getting dressed the next morning, he’s reaching for his pants when a thought
suddenly strikes him and he opens his sock drawer.  His braces are coiled underneath a layer of
handkerchiefs.  He puts them on, goes instantly,
dizzyingly hard and wonders if masturbating to the feel of army regulation British
elastic means anything less than complete insanity.  


He’s off
work the next morning, and it’s just as well because Sherlock bounds into the
room as John’s having breakfast and almost hisses, “come on, come on” as he
throws his coat on.  


There’s no
time for anything then – no awkwardness or hurt or confusion – because the
Irregular at the end of the street’s got an address for another Irregular,
who’s got another, and they run, walk, hail cabs for short, tense rides and the
trail goes through five more before the final one rubs his hand over the fire
in the barrel and says, thoughtfully, “Yeah, I know ‘im.  You askin’, mister Holmes?”


“I’d
consider it a personal favour,” says Sherlock, quietly, and John notes that,
this time, no money changes hands.


The homeless
man nods, and shuffles over to a trolley full of cardboard boxes.  He rummages in one, and pulls out a
flyer.  It’s a little tattered, but the
bright, warm colours on it are still vivid, and says Anjos do Picadeiro! 


It’s a
carnival of some sort, jugglers and performers and musicians grinning up at
them.


“He gave it
ter me,” he says, “one day when it were raining.  I asked him fer something colourful.  I likes to have a bit of colour on me at all
times, see.”


Sherlock
almost staggers back, claps his hands over his mouth and shouts, “Esecutore!
Esecutore!” into them.


He uncovers
his mouth and looks over at the two of them, grinning madly.  “Stupid, I’m so stupid I could shoot myself,”
he announces, and the Irregular by John’s side grins back and says, “Southbank,
mister Holmes.”


“Thank you,
Daniel,” Sherlock says.


-


“So he’s
here,” says John, as straight-faced as he can, “dressed, er, up.”


“Yes yes,”
says Sherlock impatiently, scanning the crowds. 
They’re at Southbank, pushing through groups of rapidly moving people,
with the gleam off the river in their eyes. 
He goes still.  John follows his
line of vision to a portly street performer who’s in whiteface, upside down and
pedalling a unicycle in the air while juggling three large melons at the same
time.


John looks
at Sherlock.  “You are completely having me on.”


Sherlock
looks back at him blankly, and for the first time in this exhausting day, John
feels a shiver of memory run through him because that’s the face Sherlock had
on last night.  Only the eyes had been
alive in that still, stony face.


“It’s a
valid form of performance art for a given value of art,” says Sherlock,
“defined by nothing tangible and subject to no form of logic at all and so
completely not worth bothering about, if anyone ever bothered to think about
it.”


He holds up
a hand and ticks off on his fingers: “Purple braces, constant physical injury, rabies
shots for when he went to perform in Rio, Escutore:
his performer badge from the Milan
Clown Festival, and oh yes,” he looks pleased with himself now, “burnt cuffs
from fire juggling, the big finale to his acts.”


“Why was he
gone so long?” asks John, as they near the busker.


“Big events,
John,” says Sherlock, impatiently.  “Rio,
Milan, and -- “ he taps into his phone and holds it up for John to see, “our
very own local one: Bognor Regis International Clown Festival.”


John squints
at it.  “Sussex again?  Christ.”


The hat’s
getting passed around when Sherlock steps up to the performer and says, “You
really need to stay in touch with your wife during these escapades, Sir
Bludgin.  Inspector Lestrade of the
Yard’s got his officers combing the city for a dead cardiologist.  I believe terrorist cells that target the
peerage are on the list as well.”


Sir Bludgin
starts, flails his arms and drops flat onto the ground.


“I do have a
doctor with me,” Sherlock says – unnecessarily drily, John thinks.  


Sir Bludgin
stands up, raises extravagantly blacked eyebrows and touches a fingertip to the
teardrop drawn under his eyes.


“No no,”
says Sherlock, impatiently.  “Mime’s not
traditionally part of the whiteface oeuvre.”


Sir Bludgin
strokes the flower in his lapel.  It
makes a sad sort of chirping sound.


“Circoarts
is a growing performance area,” says Sherlock, “there’s no reason it can’t be a
legitimate hobby.”


Sir Bludgin
slumps.


Sherlock
pats his shoulder, awkwardly.  


John, who
thought he had nothing to contribute, says, “clown therapy’s very popular in
the paediatric oncology ward at St Bart’s.”


Sir Bludgin
shrugs, still slumped.  John clears his
throat.  “I could, er,” he says, “I could
have a word with the coordinator.  We
went out a couple of times, she’s very nice. 
And, um, discreet.”


It’s a point
of joy for John in years to come that he’ll always remember the strangest
moment of his life being the time that Dr. Sir Islington Bludgin, Harley Street
cardiologist and peer of the realm, looked at him with a flicker of hope on his
face and handed over, with gentle dignity, a single white dove made of cheese.


“Thanks very
much,” says John.


“My dear
boy,” says Sir Bludgin, and goes to get the hat.


-


When Belinda
comes over that night, and they’re in John’s room, he doesn’t touch her.  Doesn’t move until he sees the shadow move
into place in the doorway.  Even then,
all he does is take off his clothes. 
Belinda takes off hers.


“Come here,”
John says, and she comes to stand in front of him.  


He touches
her collarbone with a finger.  “Here,” he
says.


He touches
the skin just under her left breast.  The
flesh there is so soft.  Here.  The hollow of her inner elbow.  Here.
 The little lower belly.  Here.
 He turns her around, one hand on her
shoulder, the other on the swell of her hips. 



The small of
her back.  The overhang of flesh where
her buttocks turn into her thighs.  The
fleshiest part of her calf.  Here. 
Here.  Here.


Places he
could touch on anyone.  Anonymous, common
places.


He kisses
them all, one by one. His breath warms each spot before his lips land on
it.  


When he
stands back up, Belinda’s eyes are glazed over. 
“What’s going on,” she says, faltering, but she curls her fingers around
his biceps at the same time and squeezes gently.  He shudders, and reaches for her and then
they’re kissing, so wet and deep he doesn’t know where his mouth ends and hers
begins.


“Please,”
she says, breathing into him, sweetly frantic. 
He lies down, puts the condom on and pulls her on top of him.  “Like this?” she asks, hovering above him,
pale and strong and beautiful in the gloom. 



“Just like
this,” he says, rubbing her thighs, and smiling up at her.  He’s facing the door, lying on his back. 


It’s
everything.  It’s nothing.  There’s someone watching him.  There’s no-one here but Belinda.  


They fuck
slowly, gently, whispering to each other in the dark: yes, god you’re, never been so, please oh please please, until
Belinda comes, eyes wet, body open like a star. 



John comes
straight after, sweet and soft.


The shadow
disappears.  Belinda’s collapsed on top
of him but she raises her head at the movement and then looks at him.  “You really like this,” she says,
thoughtfully.  John wonders whether he’s
meant to be ashamed now, or enthusiastic, or … no, he has no idea.  


“Yeah,” says
John, hesitantly.


She shuffles
up his body and plants her elbows on either side of his head.  Her eyes are directly above him and she looks
at him for a long moment before she says, “No. 
You really like this.”


John looks
away.  “Yeah.”


“We need to
stop, then,” she says, and when he looks back at her, she’s smiling.  “You’ll want to tell him.”


It’s
terrifying, but they’ve come this far.  “I
– all right,” says John, but he knows he’s said it too quickly, that the fear’s
shown through, because Belinda softens and says, gently, “come back to me,
John.  When it’s done, all right?”


And, oh she’s
so smart, she knows, she’s snatched him back from something that would swallow
him alive if they let it.


“Yes.  Yes. 
God, I love you,” he says, and kisses her.


-


Sherlock
looks up from his laptop the next morning when John walks in and says,
“Lestrade called.  Lady Bludgin’s asked
for a divorce.”


John sighs.  “That’s a shame, I thought she might find it
just a little, oh I don’t know … endearing?”


Sherlock
shrugs.  “He’s hidden it from her for a
long time.  I suspect she’d have
preferred a mistress.”


“I liked
him,” says John, putting the kettle on. 
“Or,” he muses out loud, leaning against the bench, “I felt sorry for
him and liked him for it.  He’s so Harley
Street, you know, so completely untouchable. 
It made him a little more of a person; a bit more human, a bit less distant robot, if you know what I mean.”


It’s only
after he’s said it that he goes cold inside and wants the words back.  He didn’t mean – it doesn’t mean – and the
silence goes on and on until the kettle turns itself off with a snap.  


Sherlock is
staring at his laptop, at some site about coal and how it burns.  There’s a small caption flashing insistently in
one corner of the screen.


“Sherlock,”
says John, the cold spreading all over him now.


“Lestrade
wants a statement from you,” Sherlock says, finally, closing his laptop and
standing up.


He looks at
John.  “Tell him I’ll see him tomorrow
when you visit him, will you?”  His eyes
are perfectly flat, and his voice is perfectly even.  


John’s hands
feel clammy.  “Yeah,” he says.  “Yeah, okay, I will.”


-


Belinda
doesn’t come over that night because it’s movie night with her
girlfriends.  John makes dinner, waits
for Sherlock to come home.  It’s eleven
before he gives up and goes to bed.


He’s woken
up a couple of hours later by ... something. 
A sound? A feeling? He gets up, follows it until he’s standing in front
of Sherlock’s room.  There’s the faintest
glow coming from under the door, which is ajar. 



The sound’s
coming from inside the room.  It’s as
familiar as rain.  John fights and fights
with himself until there’s no fight left in him, and then slides slowly through
the gap in the doorway till he’s half through it.


Sherlock’s
on the bed, naked.  He’s in front of the
mirror, his legs folded under him.  His
fist is clenched around his cock, and the sucking, wet sound it makes is dreamy
and slow.  His other hand’s loose and
relaxed on his thigh.  He turns his head
and looks straight at John.


He’s been
waiting, John realises.  Yes, he thinks, this way.  This way.


He gets on
the bed, kneels up behind Sherlock.  They
watch their reflections, watch as John’s arm comes around Sherlock’s
chest.  It looks strange in the
half-light of the room, covered in blue check cotton, plain and ordinary against
Sherlock’s skin.  


John breathes,
pulls Sherlock in closer.  He turns his
nose into Sherlock’s hair.  He’s allowed
this much – just this much.  


“Come on,”
he whispers.


Sherlock
smiles, a faint, dry crook of the mouth. 
“Always running toward it,” he says, and John feels his heart tear a little.  


“Always
running,” he agrees.  It comes out too
loud, too quick, the sound you make when you forget and rub the open wound
against something.


Sherlock
lets his head fall back against John and puts a hand over the arm crossing his
chest.  Their eyes meet in the mirror and
Sherlock must see it in his face, the way this thing’s stretching him almost
past the point of return, because something in his eyes eases.


“Yes,”
Sherlock says, very quietly, and moves his other hand up, down, up, down.  


His cock
hardens and leaks and John wets the roof of his mouth with his tongue, feels
the low dark thing rear up and move into his throat.  It grips him there, keeps his voice in his
body while he watches Sherlock move his fist faster, eyes alight and locked on
his, faster still now.


And then
Sherlock says, almost to himself, John,
and shakes and comes, pulsing all over his hand and his legs, chest heaving.  John holds him through the shudders, keeps
the warm back pressed against him, wants it all, everything.  This, and the other.  More, all of it.


So it’s
lucky that he can’t speak, can’t say a word, can’t shape his lips to anything.  


They hold
each other’s gaze a long minute.  


There are no
questions in Sherlock’s eyes, nothing but what’s in front of him.



Come back to me

, she’d said.


John closes
his, sits back and presses his forehead against the nape of Sherlock’s
neck.  He finds his voice.  


“Okay,” he
says.  “Okay.”


He
leaves.  When he slips into bed and falls
asleep, he doesn’t dream.


-


He comes in
the next morning to find Sherlock burning pieces of coal on the stove, wearing
asbestos gloves.  He’s got safety goggles
on.


He throws
the piece of coal he’s holding into the sink and stalks off to his laptop.


“Fifteen
minutes to bituminous over anthracite,” says Sherlock, jabbing at the laptop with
one enormous gloved finger.  He doesn’t
look at John.


John puts
the kettle on.  It’s bright outside.  There’s a patch of sunshine lying on the
sofa, square and precise.  He’s off work
today again.  Sarah texted him earlier
and said they didn’t need him.


“…which
means the explosion didn’t come from the west side of the tunnel, and
Anderson’s got it wrong again.  Oh, wrong
again and again and again, it’s christmas!” says Sherlock, ripping his gloves
off.


“Got anything
coming up?” John asks.


Sherlock
drums his fingers on the table for a minute, and then glances over at
John.  


“Someone’s
sent an email to the blog,” says Sherlock, casually, “something about a missing
rabbit.  Just read it out, will you?”


So John
does.






 




Afterword


End Notes
Written for the Sherlock Summer Vacay fest over at the sherlockmas comm.  Title and inspiration for the story come from Arthur Conan Doyle's 'The Man with the Twisted Lip'.
Beta thanks go to Cyphomandra.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



