



Unsullied Impaired - loveeduo - osoSong san Osomatsu-san
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Unsullied Impaired
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/6057058.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
おそ松さん | Osomatsu-san (Anime)
Relationship:
Matsuno Ichimatsu/Matsuno Karamatsu
Character:
Matsuno Karamatsu, Matsuno Ichimatsu, Matsuno Jyushimatsu, Matsuno Choromatsu, Matsuno Todomatsu, Matsuno Osomatsu
Stats:

        Published: 2016-02-19
          Completed: 2016-06-11
          Chapters: 6/6
        Words: 9799
      

Unsullied Impaired
by loveeduo
Summary
But he couldn't see, he could only feel, and what he felt was everything he could ever dream of.|| Blind Karamatsu & Deaf Ichimatsu
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes





Three
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




10 :
Ichimatsu let out a forced sigh, eyes fixed on the sky before them. Snow petaled down softly, hitting and melting against his cheeks. He sat beside one of his eldest brothers, Karamatsu, the other four running along, bickering- or atleast he assumed from their expressions-, and playing within the snow. He coughed once, twice, before Karamstu turned his attention to him, signing a simple question.
 'Are you okay?' 
 Ichimatsu nodded his head, cleared his throat before giving a raspy response. "Yes." He couldn't hear it, but Karamatsu had. It only took seconds to see a sudden flush of relief on the elders face. They were quiet again, Karamatsu looking toward where he heard his brothers, despite not being able to see. He tapped his seeing cane ideally against the floor, his hand reaching for where he assumed Ichimatsu's was. The younger held in a scoff, moving his hand further way before looking toward Jyushimatsu, watching him complete his fifth snowman- or rather- snowmatsu, each resembling one of the brothers. 
"It's so beautiful!"

"I love snow!"

"They're as soft as they look!"

Karamatsu's smile strained, Ichimatsu wondered why.
 When the time came for the brothers to leave, Ichimatsu stood up, waiting for Karamatsu to do the same. He looked down, but seen no movement from the other. He had his hand clutched against the bench, his body trembling, hand going to his head. Karmatsu took a deep breath before releasing it, his frown curving into a smile as he stood, cane out in front of him. He was back to his set persona. Smiles, laughter, confidence in walking by himself. Ichimatsu held in another scoff, walking ahead of Karamatsu, behind his brothers, occasionally glancing back to make sure he was following, only to see Karamstau wiping beneath his sunglasses each time he got. 
9 : 
 Ichimatsu laid on the carpet, Karamatsu beside him. The others were out, leaving the two together alone. Karamatsu was sleeping, quietly he assumed. He watched the steady rise and fall of his older brother's chest, watched his face, his usually smiling face, rest peacefully, complexion paler than ever. Karamatsu was an angel, in Ichimatsu's eyes, not that he would ever admit it.
 Ichimatsu gulped, pressing his lips tight together as he laid on his side. Karamatsu was asleep, he had barely fell asleep. The younger lifted a hand, fingers brushing (as gently as he could muster)against the elder's lashes, then over his eyes. No movement. That was good.
 He sat up more, holding his breath as he leaned over, his hand moving, placed on the floor where Karamatsu's head rested. He looked down through lidded eyes, lowering his head until his lips were aligned to his brothers. He held still, for what seemed like eternity, before slowly pushing them to his brothers. 
 Ichimatsu pulled back the moment he felt warm tears pouring down his cheeks. When had he started crying? 
 Karamatsu kept his eyes shut, he couldn't allow Ichimatsu to know he'd been awake, that his brothers previously heavy breathing had wakened him. 
 
8 : 
He relished the way Ichimatsu's lips had felt on him, biting his own lip as he squirmed beneath his blanket, a hot pant leaving his mouth. He couldn't see him, but he could feel him. He could feed off of the way Ichimatsu's hands felt, the softness of his lips, the sound of his raspy, labored voice, the sound of his love frustrated sobs. 
 Karamatsu was disgusting for liking him, he knew it. Even if Ichimatsu had kissed him, it meant nothing. The younger had probably done it through innocent curiosity. Or has he? He forced his face into the cushion of the couch, bucking forcefully into his hand, breath growing hotter. 
 Karamatsu wrung his hand around his cock tighter, whimpering Ichimatsu's name, unaware of a equally sexually frustrated Ichimatsu spying from the partially opened door, his own hand down his pants. 
7 :
 Karamatsu brushed shoulders with Ichimatsu, cane tapping ideally against the paved path as they walked through the park. Ichimatsu was leading the way, it was his invitation for an outing. He asked Karamatsu earlier that morning and the elder couldn't bring himself to decline. He could spend all his time with his younger brother, if it was his choice. 
 Karmatsu rose his brow when Ichimatsu's presence vanished from beside him. He stopped, only to be pulled to the side, the grip on his arm forceful.
He stumbled, cane dangling from the band around his wrist. Ichimatsu continued to tug, not even waiting for the elder to catch his footing. 
 It was five minutes later before Ichimatsu stopped, Karamatsu righting himself, face flushed as his head darted around, hand clenched tight in Ichimatsu's sweatshirt.
'Where are we?' Came his signed question.
"Someplace new." Came Ichimatsu's low response.
Ichimatsu placed his hand on Karamatu's shoulder, forcing him down. "Sit."
 Karamatsu did so quickly, trembling, probably in nervousness- or fear. Ichimatsu couldn't pinpoint which it was. They remained silent, or rather, Ichimatsu did, not finding the words he wanted to say. The elder was blushing, trying to hide the fact by keeping his face pointed toward the ground. 
 Ichimatsu was never good with words, or actions, but he knew that just bringing Karamatsu to sit here wouldn't help anything. He reached out, placing a hand on the elders thigh. He jumped in response. 
 Ichimatsu groaned, hand swiping up to roughly land on the back of Karamatsu's neck. In an instant, he was crushing his lips to his older brothers. He climbed into his lap next, not caring that Karamatsu hadn't responded. He moved his hand up to his hair line, nails digging in as he dragged his tongue against the elder's lips, waiting for them to opening, planning a forced entry if they didn't. 
 But to his surprise, Karamatsu responded, mouth opening, trembling, but opening nonetheless. Ichimatsu moaned, wanting Karamatsu to hug him, wanting him to push him down to the grass, to dominate him. He needed Karamatsu, now more than ever. 
 He whimpered, rocking his hips slowly, desperately, until Karamtsu pulled away. Ichimatsu opened his eyes, which were still lidded, he watched as Karamatsu shakily signed. 
 'I love you.' 
 Their teeth clashed once more, Karamatsu doing just as Ichimatsu had been wanting. The younger moaned when his back hit the soft grass, his hands frantically pushing down Karamatsu's pants and underwear, his coming off right after. 
 They took no more time than that, Ichimatsu's legs wrapping around Karamatsu's waist, Karamatsu pushing his length in slowly. The air around them filled with moans. 
.. 
 They laid together in the aftermath, arms tangled around eachother, Karamatsu's cane, their clothes, discarded to the side. Ichimatsu had his face buried into the crook of Karamatsu's neck. Breath shallow. They stayed like that for what felt like hours before Karamatsu began moving, signing that they should return home soon. 
 With their clothing back on, they both walked home, shoulder to shoulder. Stopping at the front of their house, Karamatsu blocked the door, head turned toward Ichimatsu. 
'Thank you.' 
 Ichimatsu scoffed, hand turning the knob before he walked in. 
 
6 :
 How could Karamatsu love someone as disgusting as him? If he could only see.. He would understand why no one could come to love trash like himself.


 But Karamatsu couldn't see, he could only feel, and what he felt was everything he could ever dream of. Everything he could ask for.


Karamatsu clenched his hands tighter around Ichimatsu's, moving slowly beneath the blanket of their, and their brother's, shared bed. He ghosted his lips over Ichimatsu's knuckles, not yet pressing them together.


Ichimatsu felt dizzy, his heart beating rapidly, faster than the day he was signed of Karamatsu's illness. He swallowed, watching his older brother press his lips to the back of his hand. The kiss was soft, so innocent. He wished his thoughts were as chaste as Karamatsu's actions.


He hoped Karamatsu couldn't hear him crying.



Chapter End Notes
Inspired by http://kidokon-kontsu.tumblr.com/post/138620282261/tittle-blind-karamatsu-deaf-ichimatsu-au
Thank you Beings for finding the link <3


Two
Chapter Notes
Ichimastu is selfish. Karamatsu is not.



5:Two months later and Ichimatsu is still mulling over every little expression Karamatsu had made. Hearing every little murmur and pant would have been better but he can settle with what he seen, what he's been seeing (which he had already burned deep into his mind).  Ichimatsu and Karamatsu have always spent time together, since the silence between them was always something peaceful for the younger. He was sure because of that, none of the other four noticed a relationship between them had blossomed. Everything was the same on the outside. Their objective observations blinded by what was truly going on between them. Lovers that were brothers. They'd be sick if they knew. Ichimatsu sighed, leaning his head back against the cold brick of the alley he'd accustomed himself to visiting, his hand tossing out tiny dried fish, the local cat eating each and every one before climbing into Ichimatsu's lap. Ichimatsu pet the cat quietly while looking toward the darkening sky. He'd have to get home soon, atleast he would if he didn't want to worry his second to youngest brother.Standing up, Ichimatsu headed out of the alley, hands tucked into his sweatshirt, he turned to the left and headed home. He kept his eyes mostly to the ground, not seeing the need to look around. Hitting another corner, he lifted his head, seeing two familiar faces across the street.  Todomatsu and Karamatsu.  For once, Karamatsu wasn't clad in his signature outfit. No, he wore something far less painful. It was obvious to Ichimatsu that their youngest of brothers had dressed him.  His sparkly jeans had been traded to black tight jeans. A nice fitted white tank top replaced his narcissistic one. Above that was an unbuttoned blue cardigan, which too, was well fitted. His sunglasses remained snug on his face, he was smiling, tapping his cane even with Todomatsu leading him by the hand.  Something deep within Ichimatsu caused him to twitch. His hands clenched, only to unclench. This repeated five times before he finally stopped. With a deep breath, he watched his brother disappear into the house.  What.. What was this? Ichimatsu was frantic, Todomatsu never seemed to bother him. So.. So why was he suddenly worried? Why was he jealous? Getting into the house, Ichimatsu walked into the living room. Osomatsu, Choromatsu, and Jyushimatsu were sitting on the couch, the eldest flipping through channels.  'Welcome home nii-san!' Jyushimatsu signed, Ichimatsu smiled in return, walking over to sit at his usual corner, eyes occasionally glancing at the tv, but mostly focusing on the two on the floor. .. Two days later, Ichimatsu seethed from the couch, hand petting one of the various cat friends he made, his eyes glaring at his two brothers who were currently too close for Ichimatsu's comfort.  Karamatsu had fell asleep first, exhausted from having went on a morning walk with Jyushimatsu. It's been an hour and he hasn't moved, Ichimatsu can only confirm he's alive by the steady rise and fall of his chest. Beside him laid their youngest brother, Todomatsu. He had joined Karamatsu after coming home from God knows where, probably some shitty date, that's all Ichimatsu could reason. They were too close, Todomatsu's head leaning against Karamatsu's back. Even if Karamatsu was turned in the opposite direction, he shouldn't have been that close.  With a sneer, Ichimatsu lifted himself from the couch, walking over to his sleeping brothers. He lowered himself onto his knees, slowly, very slowly, he reached his hand out toward Karamatsu, grabbing a fistful of his shirt before tugging.  When he didn't get a response, he tugged again, watching as his brothers eyes began to flutter open. At first they appeared dazed and confused. Ichimatsu changed that quickly.  "It's me." He muttered, watching for Karamatsu's reaction.  'Brother?' "Don't move too quickly or make a sound. Todomatsu is sleeping." Ichimatsu tugged on his shirt again. "Get up."  As obedient as ever, Karamatsu shakily stood. Sliding his hand from Karamatsu's shirt, down to his wrist, he pulled him along to the corner of the room.  Ichimatsu didn't give Karamatsu any time to sign an ask, pushing him against the wall, he dipped his hands beneath his shirt, looking up into his face. "Are you forgetting who you belong to?" The younger practically hissed, his teeth grinding down as he waited for a response, a response he wouldn't even get, considering he had Karamatsu and his hands pinned between him and the wall.  Ichimatsu twitched, nails digging into Karamatsu's sides, earning a quiet whimper from the other. "You. You belong to me." This time, his words were more animalistic. Feeling a wriggling between his chest and Karamatsu's, he looked downward. 'I didn't intend for you to get upset, d-dear brother.'  Ichimatsu growled again, nails dragging from his sides up to his chest. He was sure he broke some skin when another flinch was delivered.  Grabbing another fistful of Karamatsu's shirt, he tugged him along, heading to the bathroom. The moment they entered, Ichimatsu slammed the elder back against the door, hands immediately flying up to cup his cheeks, teeth clashing against teeth.  Karamatsu shouldn't spend time with anyone other than him. Karamatsu wasn't allowed to.  Ichimastu needed all the time that remained. He needed every slot to be filled with him.  Karamatsu wasn't responding as well as he usually did, though, his hands has curled their way around his younger brother, hands skating up his back, beneath his sweatshirt.  With a gasp, the elder pulled away, cheeks flushed bright red, pale eyes blinking blindly at Ichimastu.  Ichimatsu took the separated time to remove his sweatpants, hands hastily pulling Karamatsu's down. Squeezing his elder brothers shoulders, he guided him to the ground, climbing onto his lap with a purred sigh.  Karamatsu had placed his hands on Ichimatsu's waist by then, his breathing growing heavier, mouth slightly open.  He looked beautiful. Flushed. Loving.  Ichimastu spat onto his hand, lowering it to Karamatsu's cock, he stroked him steadily, continuing until his entire cock was slick. Lifting his hips, he aligned the head to his entrance, moaning once he began to slip down.  Karamatsu started slow at first, as always. He had a thing for being careful, even if the younger wanted it to be painfully hard. His pace grew gradually, and it wasn't long till the room was filled with rugged moans and quivering pants. Not even minutes later and he's feeling ready to burst. With his face buried into the crook of Karamatsu's neck, nails digging into the elders back, he can't hold back anymore.  With a grunt, Ichimatsu's cumming, Karamastu following right after. They laid together like that against the cold tile of the floor, Karamatsu with his eyes closed, Ichimastu with his eyes focused on the elders face.  "Nii-san?"  Ichimastu knows something is wrong when he feels Karamatsu tense beneath him. Within seconds, he's pushing Ichimastu off, crawling on the floor to find his clothing. "I-I'm in the bathroom Totty! I'll be out soon."  Ichimastu watched with narrowed eyes as Karamatsu, fully dressed and cleaned, left the bathroom. It took everything in him not to beat him before he left (or rather- not to cling to him- not to beg him to stay).  Once he was out, he curled in on himself, staring at the wall before bumping his head against it... Ichimastu ignored Karamstu since. Even now as they all walked through town together, he remained hostile toward him. Now that Karamatsu heard his brothers chatter and laughter further ways away, he lessened in pace, stopping so that Ichimatsu bumped into him.  Karamatsu grabbed his shoulder, pulling forcefully on it to get Ichimatsu to turn in his direction.
'Stop ignoring me.' The signing was sloppy and hastily done, Ichimatsu could tell Karamatsu was growing impatient, worried. It was written all over his face. "Let go of me, shittymatsu.." He tried jerking his shoulder away, but to no valid. The elders grasp only tightened. 'Why are you being like that?'"I don't need to give you a damn reason for everything." Ichimatsu broke free from his grasp this time around. "You don't need me anyways, go back to holding hands with Todomatsu, shittymastu." Ichimatsu kept walking, but when he didn't hear footsteps behind him, he stopped, looking over his shoulder back toward Karamatsu. 'You're going to get mad at me for spending time with our brothers?'  Ichimatsu didn't answer at first, scowling beneath his mouth mask, he clenched his fist. 'Ichimatsu-' A pause, his fingers fidgeted before he continued. 'You know I don't have all the time in the world.' Ichimatsu felt his mouth grow dry, his eyes straining to see his older brother. He felt dizzy, nauseous, he was seeing double by now. He stepped forward, body swaying, he took one of Karamatsu's hands, squeezing it, nails pinching forcefully into the skin, raising a yelp from Karamatsu as he closed the distance between them.  "Don't.. Don't fucking say that-," Ichimatsu growled, blinking his eyes faster, trying to rid the gathering tears. "Don't EVER fucking say that again." It wasn't even in Ichimatsu to add the usual 'shittymatsu' to the end of his sentence. Karamatsu crossed a line. Karamatsu knew, he KNEW Ichimatsu didn't like reminders.  It wasn't till his vision cleared that he realized Karamatsu had started crying. Releasing his hand, Ichimatsu took a step back, then another, then another before he took off running, leaving Karamatsu behind. It was like his whole world was crashing down. His chest felt tighter, breathing was beginning to be a struggle. Gasping, he turned into the nearest alley, slipping past all the junk that littered there, making way to the back, he finally stopped. Hands on his knees, he gasped. Watery eyed, he stared at the brick wall, contemplating what Karamatsu said, knowing what he said was only the truth.  Groaning, he shot his hands up to his head, nails scratching painfully hard into his hair. In a sudden jerk, he slammed his forehead against the brick, arms enclosed around himself, eyes shut as tight as possible. He then allowed a strangled sob to escape, some skin from his forehead scratching as he fell to his knees.  From the looks of it, Karamatsu wasn't going to be there forever. He wasn't, but Ichimatsu couldn't accept that yet. And he sure as damn hell wouldn't accept it from Karamatsu himself.  Hours passed before Ichimatsu took the routine path back to his home, eyes glued to the floor until he finally arrived. All the lights were still on, it was obvious to him that none had fell asleep yet. Turning the knob, he opened the door, toeing his sandals off as he headed to the living room, but stopped when he seen two of his brothers worried expressions.
'Karamatsu isn't with you?' Choromatsu looked concerned, so did Todomatsu.  "No." Ichimatsu practically spat, sounding harsh, despite the frantic beating of his heart.  'We haven't been able to find him. We looked everywhere. We couldn't find you either, so we assumed he was with you.'  Ichimatsu swallowed hard, looking from Todomatsu to Choromatsu, then back to Osomatsu and Jyushimatsu, who had finally came out from the living room. 

 Ichimastu stepped back, slipping his sandals back on. With a slam of the door, he was gone.



One



5.2:  Karamstu laid quietly, his cane beside him. Had he more tears, he'd still be crying. They had stopped coming around an hour ago. He had his face turned to the sky, eyes blinking desperately, as if vision would come to him if it continued.
He hated this, hated when his brothers got mad at him for something he couldn't control. It's not like Karamatsu had asked for this, it just happened. Karamatsu's life was inevitable. What was happening to him was inevitable. "You.. Idiot."  Karamastu stiffened at the words that had disturbed the quiet night he was used to, hand clutching his cane, he turned his head in the direction of the voice. "What.. What were you thinking? Worrying us. Worrying me." Karamatsu could hear the distraught in Ichimatsu's voice. Still, he didn't move, keeping his hands closed, he swallowed. "What? You're going to ignore me now? You won't do that to me, not for long- nii-san." It took everything in Ichimatsu to not spit the words out. It was obvious he was angry, angry at Karamatsu, but mostly at himself. If he hadn't left Karamatsu earlier, if he hadn't got angry at him for spending time with their brother, Karamatsu would be home in bed, comfortable and surrounded with people who loved him. Not in this damn shitty woods behind the park. Ichimatsu bit his lip when Karamatsu still hadn't responded. He watched him, studying the steady move of his chest, the little almost unnoticeable shiver that ran through him every now and then. It all made him feel more guilty.  Slowly, he walked over, lowering himself to the grass, laying on his back beside Karamatsu, looking up toward the night sky. He felt when the elder shifted further away. Ichimatsu slowly turned onto his side, curling close to the second brother, head leaned on his shoulder, one arm draped along his chest. He didn't say anything, words weren't needed at a moment like this. All he needed was Karamatsu, even if he didn't acknowledge him. He was used to not being acknowledged anyway.  It took twenty minutes for him to finally get a response from Karamatsu, and it came physically. The elder had took ahold of his hand, the one draped over him, both of Karamatsu's cold ones wrapping around it, lifting it to his mouth, a kiss placed to the back.  Ichimatsu, face peppered pink, leaned further up, his other hand tugging on the hood of Karamatsu's sweater until he finally turned around. When he had, the younger sealed their lips together, keeping his movements slow and loving. Karamatsu deserved that.  Karamatsu hadn't expected it, his body stiffening when Ichimatsu pressed their chests together, the younger hugging him close, chap, but warm, lips moving against his softer ones.  The elder hugged his younger brother back, moving his lips to Ichimatsu's gently, his tongue slowly darting out to sweep along the younger's lip.  With a shaky sigh, Karamatsu is allowed entry. He takes his time tracing the inside of Ichimatsu's mouth, making himself familiar- once again- with every inch, working from his teeth to his gums then to his brother's tongue. He drank in every hesitant moan that Ichimatsu gave way, his arm curling tighter around him. It always fascinated him how Ichimatsu could go from rough and mean to gentle and caring.  Feeling a warm wetness against his cheek, Karamatsu lifted a hand to Ichimatsu's face, using his thumb to carefully wipe away his tears.  An hour later and they're both standing, Ichimatsu guiding them home quietly. Getting there, he opens the door, walking further into the house, leaving Karamatsu to be bombarded by their other siblings. ...  With Karamatsu safe and home, one by one, they all ended up in bed.  Despite being sleepy, Karamatsu willed himself to stay awake, listening to his brothers, waiting for their voices and movement to die down. Once they were asleep, he shifted, turning into the opposite direction of Todomatsu to face Ichimatsu.  Not feeling any movement from him, Karamatsu assumed he was asleep. He pulled his arm out from beneath the shared blanket, reaching for Ichimastu, only for his wrist to be grabbed.  Karamatsu smiled, bending his hand to brush his fingers along Ichimatsu's wrist. He scooted forward, pressing his forehead to his younger brothers with a sigh.  Karamatsu, despite having been under the sheets for a good two hours, still felt cold and now even clammy. He was extraordinarily pale, more so than before. Even though he smiled, Ichimastu could see through his little facade.  Karamatsu must've hit a curb between the time he'd left him and now.  Karamatsu looked horrible. How was he just noticing this? How come nobody else noticed this? "Karamatsu.." The younger brother murmured. "How.. Do you feel?" He asked in a mere whisper, swallowing hard as he continued to stare. 'I feel fine'  Lies. Why was he lying to him? When Karamatsu didn't get an answer, he hurriedly signed again.  'I'm just tired. Once I sleep I'll feel better.'  That.. That was better. But still, it wasn't good enough for Ichimatsu.  It took thirty more minutes for Karamatsu to go to sleep. They stayed relatively close before the elder rolled back over to his pillow, cheek pressed into it dreamily, the smallest amount of drool dripping from the corner of his lip to the pillow.  Disgustingly cute. Ichimastu sighed.  The fourth brother closed his eyes, readying to sleep before he felt the space beside him shake. He opened his eyes.  When Karamatsu coughed, his pillow was suddenly stained. Ichimatsu blinked, straining his eyes in the dark while he lifted up from where he laid. The elder coughed again, more coming out, dripping from the corner of his mouth, over his lips.  He watched as Karamatsu lifted his hand to his mouth, smearing the fresh blood. "Kara-"
"Oso! Oso, Choro, Karamatsu nii-san is bleeding!"  Choromatsu was the first out of bed, waking the rest while Todomatsu patted Karamatsu's back, the elder heaving blood onto the floor. All Ichimatsu could do was watch.  4 : Karamatsu groaned, feeling the hospital's bright lights against his eyelids. He shifted, blinking slowly, head moving in a lull manner toward where he heard the monitor beeping. "He's awake." Someone murmured from the opposite side. Karamatsu was still to drowsy to distinguish which brother had said it.  "Nii-san, Nii-saaaan," Another voice chimed, surprisingly quiet, considering who it had came from.  "Jyushi..." Karamatsu murmured, lifting his body, only for a hand to push him back down. "Don't get ahead of yourself, rest." Choro said, Karamatsu obliging, letting his body slump back down on the bed, head sinking into the pillow.  "How.. Long?" He asked, throat dry, raspy.  "Only several hours." Came a reply from Osomatsu, he could tell his oldest brother was beside him, considering how close his voice was. "I'm sorry brothers, for making you worry." Karamatsu managed to say, his signature smirk taking over his lips. The emphasis he put in his words caused him to cough again.  "Nii-san.." Todomatsu murmured.Ichimatsu had been watching silently from the furthest corner of the room, mouth twitching beneath his mouth mask. He had watched Karamatsu's lips, figuring out his words. Reading everything he said to the best of his abilities.  Ichimatsu thought he knew him well. Thought he had figured Karamastu out. He was wrong.  "Why."  "Eh..?" Karamatsu turned his head slowly, trying to find Ichimatsu.  "Why didn't you say anything." Ichimatsu's question came more as a demand.  Karamatsu grinned weakly, lifting his hand. 'What do you speak of, dear brother?'  Ichimatsu clicked his teeth irritably. How could he continue to smile, knowing how sick he was? How could he act like he was fine when his body felt otherwise. He was filled with pain from head to toe. The doctor said it himself.  Karamatsu truly was a master of facade.  "Drop your shitty smile. You know what I'm talking about," Ichimatsu said, pushing from the wall, heading to the bed.  Karamatsu cringed with each step Ichimatsu took. Ichimatsu hated him more for doing that.  "You can't lie to us anymore." Karamatsu opened his mouth, only to close it again. He gulped, lips parting to a quivering smile. His hands shook as he signed. 'I don't know what you're talking about. I feel fin-" Before Ichimatsu could control himself, he had two fistfuls of Karamatsu's shirt, hands jerking him forward, their foreheads practically touching.   "Stop LYING!" Ichimatsu's chest heaved angrily, tears dotting at the corners of his eyes. Osomatsu already grabbing him by the shoulder in an attempt to shove him away from Karamatsu. But Ichimatsu's hold stood. He wouldn't be letting go soon.  "Don't you- Don't you understand, we need to know about this shit. The more you hold off on telling us-," Ichimatsu gasped, trying to compose himself. "-the less medical attention you get, the sooner you're gone."  "Nii-san-," Jyushimatsu was grabbing at Ichimatsu's shoulder now, but the purple brother kept his eyes locked on Karamatsu.  "It's like you want to be dead." He spat the last words quietly, sure to make it so only Karamatsu could hear. "Maybe you should just die already." Once he managed to get tears slipping down Karamatsu's cheeks, he let go, watching as his body fell back to the bed.  Turning his head to his brothers, he looked at their expressions. Everyone seemed shocked, except for Osomatsu, who's expression only read anger.  Ichimatsu didn't have a place here anymore. So slowly, dizzily, he made way for the door, not looking back as he slipped out, willing himself to not go back an apologize. He leaned against the corridor wall as he made way for the elevator. Karamastu didn't deserve that. He didn't deserve to be dying.  It should have been Ichimatsu in that bed.  It should have been Karamatsu feeling his heart slowly rip apart.  Karamatsu watching Ichimatsu wither away day by day.  Karamatsu's only meaning for continuing to live taken away by something so unfair. Ichimastu couldn't even bring himself to leave the hospital.  He waited for all four of his brothers to leave, a break for lunch he reasoned, before he headed to Karamatsu's room.  He didn't knock, letting himself in, he looked toward the bed. Karamastu was sleeping, some color had returned to him, Ichimastu sighed at that.  Quietly, he pulled the chair to the side of the bed, sitting down, his eyes traced his brothers features. From his eyes to his nose, down to his mouth, then to his chest.  There was always something calming about watching him breath. Nothing felt better than knowing he was still there, still clinging to this world that wanted to take him away.  The fourth brother lifted his hand, taking the second's. He looked back up to his face, seeing no reaction, he gave it a shaky kiss.  Ten minutes later and Ichimastu's head is resting on the bed, against Karamatsu's side. He kept their fingers laced through his sleep. .. "I'm sure he's off petting some cat. We'll look for him if he doesn't return within the next hour Jyushimatsu." Choromatsu said as the walked down the hospital corridor,
Osomatsu ahead of the three.  Getting to Karamatsu's room,
Osomatsu knocked on the door, not getting a response, he walked in.  The moment his eyes landed on the two he smiled, shaking his head lightly before walking out of the room, stopping the other three from entering. "Tch. Back to the waiting room for us."



Mirror
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





'All you have to do is look into this mirror' Karamatsu shakily held the object up, fingers clasped tightly around it as he pushed it near Ichimatsu's face, accidently smacking his nose, which had him hurriedly signing an apology.  'And you'll see me buraza~' 
 ___   

UNSULLIED 

 ___   "Heh" Ichimatsu couldn’t hear it, but he could certainly see, and what he saw was pretty down-right pathetic.   Out of the corner of his eye, he saw his pathetic excuse for an older brother: hand clenching his mirror, glasses pushed to the bridge of his nose (despite them being inside), finger gun slipped delicately beneath his chin, and the biggest-shit eating smirk Ichimatsu has ever seen. He watched as Karamatsu practiced different smiles, practiced shooting at his mirror with his pointed finger, the little shine that appeared in his eye whenever his lips moved, which was probably some lame embarrassing pick-up line that Kara had signed to Ichimatsu for mere approval first.   For being a man who stared at his own reflection for so long, Ichimatsu would have assumed the other would have noticed first, but no.   Ichi had noticed it first. Laying in Karamatsu's arms, chest resting over the others, he used his lazy eyes to peer into Karamatsu's. And there it was: a hidden, slightly darker brown blotch on Karamatsu's iris. The blotch itself was disgusting to Ichimatsu. Pruny, leechy, and clinging to the natural, beautiful brown that Ichimatsu was so used to looking at.   Everytime the fourth brother found himself peering into the others eyes, he couldn’t help but hate the way the blotch mocked him, growing larger with time. How come no one else had noticed it, or bothered to bring it up? Was it simply something Ichimatsu was seeing? Was it a part of his imagination? Karamatsu himself hadn't noticed it, so who was he to bring it up? No one. No one but another one of the identical brothers.   Time passed and by then, Ichimatsu had learned to ignore the blotch, finding himself less enraptured in it's unnecessary existence. The blotch didn't need his attention anyway.  …  It started with the rubbing of eyes.   Consistent rubbing. The skin beneath Karamatsu's water line a bright red from being rubbed raw throughout the entire day.  There was a twitch that grew on that eye as well, along with a persistent squinting, no matter how close the paper was to Karamatsu's face.  'I-It's fine, I'm fine.' Karamatsu said and signed off to his brothers at the same time, a sheepish smile, for once, taking over his lips.  That was enough for them. Of course it was, they never really did worry about anything, much less amount him (verbally).  It was enough, until the morning Karamatsu woke to a familiar blotch in his other eye. Only then did their mother schedule an appointment with the eye-doctor, the concern for one of her son's vision finally over powering.   Never did they expect the results to be so grave.  At the time, when the sextuplets sat in the waiting room, Matsuyo being the only to enter the small eye examination room with Karamatsu, they didn't know what to think when their mother and second brother took longer than expected, took hours. They were thrown more into a loop when they were escorted into the examination room, mother crying and second brother failing to hold in his tears.  Ichimatsu could only stare in wonder, watching as his brothers spoke back and fourth with their mother and doctor, all the while Karamatsu signed to him with trembling hands 'It's okay'.  ...  Malignant. The disease- the tumor- was malignant. The time it took for the second brother to realize allowed it to metastasize.   Ichimatsu could only swallow nervously, sickly. He had been the first to notice.. Perhaps was the only one to notice.  
I could have prevented this. 
 …  Karamatu's vision lasted another five months before he woke to complete darkness. He had patted around awkwardly, accidently falling over Todomatsu, whom woke the other with a loud, irritated groan. With the pitter patter of the second brother's tears on the sheets, and a choked sob, any morning bickering perished, no other noise disturbing his cries.   With the days passing slowly, months following, Ichimatsu watched the bright brown of the second brother's eyes begin to dull. He'd been sitting beside him on a bench within their childhood park, hand-in-hand. The eldest was staring blankly ahead, gaze not able to linger on anything anymore. Ichi had took their mutual silence as a chance to stare into the other's face, taking in his appearance. Karamatsu had definitely paled. The skin beneath his eyes darkening from his restlessness. His body had thinning, not enough for his brothers to notice but for HIM to.  Ichimatsu had had more than one intimate moment with his elder blue brother before the discovery. He used to drags his nails against his brothers tight, toned skin. Used to love to caress his body in the aftermath, only for his body to be caressed in return. He had Karamatsu's image burned into his mind. Looking back to it, he could spot each and every difference along the elders body now.  They hadn't had a moment like that in months. Karamatsu's usually bright, demanding attitude vanishing along with his vision. He hardly spoke to his brothers or signed to Ichimatsu. And no one could really blame him. How could they go along with a normal conversation, knowing where Karamatsu was heading, knowing that within a handful of years, he wouldn't be there anymore.   They had taken him for granted, ignoring him constantly before this had all happened. Only now did they realize his worth.  'Only now do they care' Karamatsu rose the hand he had signed with, wiping feverishly at his tears, lips quivering with each cry. His back hunched as he hung his head, his other hand shooting up to cover the remainder of his face. All Ichimatsu did at that moment was watch, listen. He patted Karamatsu's back as gently as he could muster, watching his body continuing to curl in on itself, everything mute to the fourth brother's ears.   Ever since then, the most they had done was hold hands. Karamatsu refused to sign, Ichimatsu refused to speak. It didn't take much longer for Karamatu's old behavior to reappear. He was all smiles and smirks. Glasses and mirrors (despite it being unnecessary).  Ichimatsu sat beside Karamatsu on the rooftop of their home, Ichimatsu holding Karamatsu's hand, sure to prevent his from toppling over the side. When the fourth brother felt a poke on his shoulder, he turned his lazy stare to his brother.   'All you have to do is look into this mirror' Karamatsu shakily held the object up, fingers clasped tightly around it as he pushed it near Ichimatsu's face, accidently smacking his nose, which had him hurriedly signing an apology.  'And you'll see me buraza~'   At the time Ichimatsu had scoffed, hand pushing against Karamatsu's god forbidden, once self idolizing mirror.    Never did he think he'd actually be clenching both objects in his sweaty hands, sitting where his brother once sat with him.  __  
Impaired 




Chapter End Notes
I'M WORKING ON ENDING THIS GUYS-IT'S FINALLY HAPPENING.I've been crammed with work, but now that this semester is over, I finally have some time to work on this.Hope you enjoy this chapter,also, if anyone is reading this, are longer, less frequent chapters better than short frequent ones??Thank you all who are reading, hope to not disappoint


Little Love
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




3: 
 
Karamatsu smiled genuinely, glad to finally be dressed in his own apparel (with the aid of his mother) than in the unfamiliar gown of the hospital. He admired the feel of his glittered shirt, fingers rubbing along the hem as he imagined how it looked. He had the image deep within the files of his head, one of his first works, back when sowing was easy for him, no pin-pricks or bandaged fingers afterward. He had used a beautiful blue to adorn the entire tank top, leaving only his face in the middle, untouched for all to see his true beauty. Karamatsu had believed himself to be so gorgeous, no filter was needed when it came to posting images of himself. Heh..  
 
He had missed being able to design. It had not stopped him at first. Sightless, he continuously pricked each and every one of his fingers while trying to sew up some new garments.  Which usually left him in a crying, agitated heap. One of the reasons why he only tried when he knew his brothers were away, he didn't want to be considered even more painful and weak than they already believed him to be. They probably think I'm pathetic: this chanted within his head for several months before he managed to wriggle and lock the thought away.  
 
Those were all things of the past, which is why Karamatsu tried to block them out the best he could. Why spend the remainder of his time thinking of his failures? Why think of how his brother's hadn't received someone better than him. Stronger, healthier, less-painful, less him. They loved and cared for him now, so what wa the necessity of bringing up the past? Something so far from now, so out of reach, so.. So irrelevant?  
 
"Karamatsu nii-san." 
 
Ah.. "Yes dearest brother?" Karamatsu dropped his hands from his shirt, looking directly toward where the voice of Jyushimatsu had came from. Karamatsu had always liked spending time with his yellow clad brother. Of course, he too would join the others when it came to disapproving of who Karamatsu was- who he had been, however, he wasn't half as mean as the others. Jyushimatsu still bothered to spend time with Karamatsu before this whole incident happened. They'd sing on the rooftops, go to pachinko together; hell, Karamatsu would even stash his pockets and sweatshirt with candies for the yellow brother. Jyushimatsu was one of the more understanding of the sextuplets, second to Kara. He understood Kara was painful and accepted it. Ichimatsu was the second to understand but that didn't mean he had been nice about it in the beginning. Him and Ichi had came a long way. A long way for nothing... 
 
"Let's go, let's go!" 
 
The elder laughed weakly, nodding his head while reaching for the cane his fifth brother held out to him. "Right, let us go home my dear buraza."  Karamatsu tapped his cane against the floor, despite Jyushi taking him by the wrist. They both exited the room, the voices of their brothers not too far down the hospital corridor.   
 
__ 
 
Impaired 
 
__ 
 
2: 
 
Karamatsu was the first to walk into their shared home, cane making a consistent tapping as he maneuvered through the memorized layout with ease.  He went into the living room, slowly lowering himself to a sit against the couch, an exhausted sigh leaving him. His body was racking with pain ( not that that was anything new) but he wouldn't tell his brothers, not wanting to frighten them more than they already have been. All he needed was medicine and rest, surely he would feel better than. 
 
"Can we get you anything nii-san?" Todomatsu asked walking into the room with the others. 
 
"No. No.. I'm fine, thank you, I do appreciated the consideration." Karamatsu slowly lifted his arms, carefully working on tugging his sweatshirt off. Osomatsu stepped in front of him the moment he did, easily pulling it from his body. 
 
"Might as well help you with that right? We're going to go get some groceries to make something for dinner. We want you to stay and rest okay? Nii-san can't have you getting hurt." Oso said with his trademark grin.  
 
"You really do need your rest Karamatsu. So don't try going out, Ichimatsu is going to stay to make sure you don't try sneaking away." Choromatsu kneeled down, placing a glass of water into Karamatsu's left hand, his other hand slipping Kara's medication into his right.  
 
"I won't go anywhere brothers, I promise." Karamatsu smiled, both from the attentive care and from the mention of his fourth brother staying. He quickly took his pill, downing half of the water to show he had taken it. Ichimatsu watched, shoulders hunched as his brother's went back and fourth with Karamatsu, setting their restrictions for now. Oso had silently asked them when they were in the car and Ichi accepted the task immediately.  
 
It only took around twenty more minutes before the other four shuffled out through the front door. The moment they had, Ichimatsu crossed the room, sitting beside Karamatsu. Silence stretched out between the two, Ichimatsu not knowing what to say. However, he cleared his throat before parting his lips. "Aren't.. You tired?' He licked his dried lips afterward, eyes darting down to Kara's hands. 
 
'Yes..' 'I'm exhausted'. With his response, Karamatsu moved, reaching his arm around the side of the couch to pull the blanket there into his lap. He pushed himself onto his knees, turning to grab one of the throw pillows from the couch. With some shifting, he moved to lay on the floor, eyes closed, pillow beneath his head, and blanket draped over him. A soft sigh left him, pleased smile stretching along his face.  
 
Ichimatsu didn't move, only watched. His brother looked so peaceful now, not that he never did, Karamatsu was the master of facade. He fooled them all so easily and could, in that very moment, be fooling them again. How could he possibly be so calm, so content? How come no tremors ran through him, how come he wasn’t crying? He acted like nothing was wrong with him, like nothing could hurt him. How could he be so strong? Ichimatsu bit into his lip roughly, tasting the bitterness that came from his blood. His vision on his brother began to grow blurry, tears falling to the floor beneath him. He must've let a whiny sob escape because Karamatsu began to shift, hands moving out from beneath the blanket.  
 
'Don't cry... Lay with me', Karamatsu signed before spreading his arms, waiting for Ichimatsu to accept his embrace. With another sob, a much, much louder one, Ichimatsu crawled beneath the blanket, into Kara's arms. His head against his shoulder, face buried into his shirt. His shaky arms encircled his older brother, hugging him close. Ichi couldn't contain himself now, not when he was shown so much live. He wished he could stay like this forever. Held by Karamatsu, with nothing bothering them. No sickness to worry about, reality leaving them unbothered. He wished he could escape to some world where it was only them, and their remaining brothers. It didn't take long for his tears to soak through Karamatsu's tank top. All the while Kara patted his back gently before they both drifted off to sleep. 
 
1: 
 
 Months.. It's been months since Karamatsu had returned from the hospital. For the most part, he had seemed well. Most days Karamatsu was fine (or made himself out to be), going on with his brothers, joining them when they left the house. Other days it was too hard for him to put on a smile, pain edging far too much for him to even try to hide it. Those days, he usually stayed curled up in the futon, brothers tending to him within the short times that he woke. He would lay in the dark of the room, crying silently, unaware that Ichi watched from the corner of that room. 
 
It had been awhile since he had had one of those days, the purple brother had been counting. It was day twenty since then, and Ichimatsu was going to make sure Karamatsu would be happy today, truly happy. With the other four busy with their own affairs, Ichimatsu decided to take his brother out to some place secluded- or as secluded as they could get.  
 
Ichimatsu lead the way from their home, hand holding onto Karmatsu's tightly. They both remained fairly quiet during the walk, Karamatsu not attempting to sign and Ichimatsu not bothering to say anything. This was how they spent most of their time anyway when they were heading to a particular area, silence. Each time Ichimatsu stole a glance at Karamatsu, the second brother wore a beaming smile, always so happy to be spending his (remaining) time with the fourth. Ichimatsu almost felt guilty for that. Yes, Karamatsu still spent time with the other, but not nearly a much as Ichi spent with him. 'It's not like they need more time with him anyways..' 
 
It took around twenty minutes for them to finally arrive at their destination: one of the alleyways Ichimatsu often found himself in. This was the fourth brother's favorite places, for various reasons. Though, the reason he had decided to bring Karamatsu here was for the mere face that it was empty. No one ever passed through here, which mean they could spend an entire evening alone, secluded, just them two with no one else to worry about. He didn’t have to worry about his pesky other brothers bumping into them, or anyone coming out to throw away their trash. Just him and Kara, doing whatever they want.  
 
Ichimatsu fell out of his train of thought when he felt a tug on his hand. Slowly, he looked to his side, watching Karamatsu through his lidded eyes. 
 
'Ah.. Where. Where are we, buruza?' Karamatsu signed at Ichimatsu, head turning back and forth as if he were able to take in the surrounding area by doing so. "It's a secret" and with that, they continued further into the alley, which is then when Ichimatsu stopped. "You can sit." 
 
With a wary expression, Karamatsu lowered himself to the floor, hands touching the cement, lips forming into an "o" as he began to take mental guesses to where it was they were. Ichi sat directly across from him, close enough so that their knees brushed against each other. Karamatsu smiled the entire time but never bothered to sign to his brother, instead, he turned his head up to the sky, sighing while placing his hands on the cement behind him, leaning back on them.  
 
Ichimatsu let their silence stretch on, nervously biting his lip before clearing his throat, assuming it was loud enough to catch the other's attention, yet, not a budge came from his brother. "K-karamatsu.." Still nothing. "Nii-san..?" The fourth brother waited, brows slowly narrowing as the minutes passed. With a frown, he dropped his shaky hands onto Kara's shoulders, nails digging into them. "Karamatsu!" 
 
The blue brother tipped his head, lifting his hands slowly. 'Yes?' 
 
"W-why are you being quiet.?" Ichimatsu asked with a hitch in his voice, watching for the elder's expression to change beneath his glasses. 
 
'Aren't-" A pause. "Aren't we hear to enjoy silence, sweet brother?' 
 
"Tch," Ichimatsu wished those had been his only intentions. His grip on the others shoulder's loosened, but stayed where they were. "Y-yes.. N-no. No. It isn't.." He hissed the last words out, searching into the other's eyes, now that he had removed his sunglasses. 
 
'Then why are we here brother?' Ichimatsu paused, watching as Karamatsu allowed his hands to drop to his sides, then back to the floor, before the second went back to looking up toward the sky, letting, no wanting the silence to stretch on.  
 
The fourth brother let another hiss leave him before he shook his second brother by the shoulders. 
 
"I-I want you to fuck me, before.. Before you roll over and croak." Ichimatsu muttered embaressly, looking for any signs within his older brother's face, which has remained completely blank- and so unlike him.. So much like when he had first gotten sick. And shit- shit.. Did he just refer to when Karamatsu would die, while trying to get him to have sex? And he thought his other brothers were selfish idiots. "K-Kara.. Nii-san, I didn-" He was interrupted by what he knew was laughter. Seeing the expression his brother wore. He could hear it very faintly-  deep, pathetic sound that made his guts bubble nervously- more so than before. Karamatsu was laughing, awkwardly. What could Karamatsu say to Ichi after that? His body shook from the force, all the while Ichimatsu's nervous expression dropped, a glare emitted despite the other not being able to see it.  
 
Ichimatsu launched himself at Karamatsu from where he sat in front of him, a pout taking over his lips before he crashed them to his older brothers. Karamatsu easily wrapped his arms around his younger brother's waist, returning his kiss with a gentle, passionate one of his own. He pulled his brother up as he got to his feet, he slowly moved forward until Ichimatsu's back was pressed to the alley's wall. Though he would give in to what Ichimatsu wanted, being that he too wanted to, he couldn't help but enjoy the closeness, this sort of closeness, that they had lacked within the last month. The little whimpers that reached his ears only encouraged him to deepen the kiss more. It was in theses moments that Karamatsu would recall the past.  
 
When Karamatsu had first lost his vision he couldn’t handle it. He was upset he wouldn't be able to see anything, that he wouldn't be able to enjoy the passing seasons his brothers would be able to. That he wouldn’t be able to play at pachinko and enjoy it with Osomatsu. That he wouldn’t be able to read some of Nya-chan's mangas with Choromatsu. That he wouldn’t be able to stargaze with Jyushimatsu. That he wouldn’t be able to accompany Todomatsu when he went clothing shopping and give his opinion on picked outfits. But what struck him the most was the realization that he would no longer be able to see Ichimatsu. His dear, beautiful Ichimatsu. He was so gorgeous, everything Karamatsu could dream of. All that Karamatsu could ever ask for. Kara would do anything, anything, to see his brother once again even if it was just for a second.  
 
Before, Karamatsu had always watched with quiet fascination. He loved every detail of him. The way the purple brothers lips curled down when something he disagreed with was brought up. The way his back hunched throughout the his daily routine. The slow, agonizing steps he took when they walked. His awkward, yet raged filled persona.  How his lips worked during other activities... He completely admired his younger, dear brother. The one clad in purple, hiding his blue. His little Karamatsu boy~. 
 
The older brother was brought out of thought when a hard bite was delivered to his lip. Karamatsu suppressed a moan despite not needing to. "P-pay attention to me.." The fourth brother muttered, from his voice, Karamatsu could tell he was pissed that the elder's mind had been elsewhere. Gasping, imperfect brows furrowing, Ichimatsu clung to Karamatsu, one arm slung over his shoulder, his other hand digging into his back through his shirt. He moved his hips frantically, wanting- no needing the friction. With his forehead now pressed to Karamatsu's, he watched between them, groins rubbing together. While Karamatsu had been busy reminiscing in the past, the purple brother had managed to unzip and push down their pants down, only managing to wriggle his own underwear off.  
 
With his forehead pressed to Karamatsu's, he watched between them, groins rubbing together, the only thing between them being Kara's boxers It took everything in him to not reach down and rip the god forsaken garment off. Ichimatsu's eyes snapped up to look at the other's face when he felt the blue brother's hips buck. His lips were parted, brows furrowed, tongue poking out just the right amount. It was completely delicious in every way. Even with the toll the sickness had took on Karamatsu, he was still the most handsome, sexy person he had ever seen.  
 
"Get.. Get rid of these.." Ichi muttered, hand reaching down between them to tug at the waistband of the elder's boxers before grinding his hips down again, sighing shakily. He knew Karamatsu must have been in pain from carrying his entire weight, but Ichi decided not to feel guilty about that yet. 'Stop trying to ruin this moment..Enjoy it, help him enjoy it..' Ichimatsu was convinced Karamatsu was feeling more pleasure than pain once he had looked up to his face. With a relieved (and pleasured) sigh, Ichimatsu buried his face into his brother's neck, licking and kissing gently at the skin there. 
 

Don't.. Say it like that again buraza, alright? If you ever want to make love, ask me normally. I would happily oblige for my little love.~ 

 
__ 
 
0: 
 
'You aren't getting rid of me yet' Karamatsu smiled weakly, his usual smile, large, white, and 'painful' (not to mention pain filled), while looking toward the other five. 'You're going to be stuck with me for awhile longer' he finished signing and saying, tears stinging at the corner of his eyes while his brothers gathered around him on the bed, hugging any part they could reach. That had all happened a month ago, two months after the alley incident. Karamatsu  had been admitted again, this time, the results were even worse. The doctor had made it clear that the second brother wouldn’t be around for the remainder of the year. Yet, even with that news, the second wore a smile on his face as they left for home.  
 
"There's no other treatment we can give him. It's best if you just take him so he can enjoy his final days in peace at home." 
 
Karamatsu passed away a month after that, hours after he had arrived at the hospital. The brothers all seemed equally upset, but Osomatsu could tell Ichimatsu had took it the hardest. 
 
 
__ 
 
0.1: 
 
It took longer than he had expected, stomach turning sickly as he walked around the stretched futon. He initial believed he would never be doing this. When Karamatsu had first told him, he had merely scoffed in the others face, pushing him aside. He never actually thought he would go through with this. Didn’t think he had it in him to do this without getting sick or having a breakdown. But here he was, holding what had last been touched by Karamatsu, what little still had a remembrance and feel of him.  Karamatsu had packed his own things into a box before passing. So considerate to not make his brothers be the one to clear out his things, not wanting to cause them more pain.  The mirror and sunglasses were enough anyways, both clutched tightly in his hands. It was almost like he was holding the second brother's hand at that very moment, as he slowly made way for the window, sure to not wake his equally exhausted brothers. Ichimatsu had actually considered slipping the second brother's tank top on too, but had decided against that, not wanting to remove the scent of his brother that still clung to his garments. 
 
He carefully climbed out, reaching the rooftop, he sat near the center, pulling his knees up to his chest. He stared up at the moon which gleamed welcomingly down at him, much like Karamatsu would. The fourth brother shakily pushed the sunglasses up to the bridge of his nose, taking a deep breath before raising the hand held mirror to his face.



Chapter End Notes
You guys probably thought last chapter was the last of Karamatsu you would see but you thought wrong. > w>  
 
Not pleased with the ending? No worries dolls, I have an alternative for you c; 
 
Look forward to a sequel, the next chapter will be a glimpse into it. 
 
Thank you everyone who continued to read this, I hope you liked it as much as I enjoyed writing this. 
 
If any of you would like to chat, ask questions, or even make request, feel free to on my tumblr: http://goonieee.tumblr.com/


Sequel Preview
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Tripping on his feet, he fell to the ground. Knees hitting painfully against the white marble, his fingers desperately touched around for guidance. Where was he? How did he get here? He lifted his hand to his head with a groan, blinking up at the blurry figure before him. Suddenly, he felt his arms go down behind him, a hard black slab sweeping any balance from him. With a yelp, and a loud 'TICK' responding in the air, his face crashed to the marble floor. Seconds later, he's forcing himself up onto his feet, body swaying backward as his vision cleared.Then the memories all came crashing in on him. He had been blind, he had been dying. His brothers cried for him and he cried back. He had went back to save Ichimatsu, and he had, however, the time line had been warped, death falling upon him instead of his dear fourth brother. Placing a hand to the side of his head, eyes wide, he stared at his third brother, the keeper of time, while narrowly avoiding the arm of the clock beneath him. "C-choromats-""You failed again, Karamatsu."



Chapter End Notes
Want to take a guess to what Karamatsu does?The sequel will be coming soon, and most likely will only be two chapters. Enjoy and thank you guys for reading! If you'd like to talk or request something, feel free to do so on my tumblr: goonieee.tumblr.com



Afterword


End Notes
Hello, hello! Thank you for reading.I plan to make this story three chapters, and I hope to finish it quickly.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



