



Until my last breath - sovlmataes - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Until my last breath
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12341862.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Taehyung | V/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Kim Taehyung | V, Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
Explicit Language, Explicit Sexual Content, Synesthesia, Fluff and Angst, Smut, Denial of Feelings, Vandalism, Falling In Love, Crime Scenes, References to Drugs, Depression, Character Development, Enemies to Lovers, Kinda, Panic Attacks, Suicide Attempt, side yoonkook, Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Stats:

        Published: 2017-10-12
          Completed: 2018-07-28
          Chapters: 15/15
        Words: 78225
      

Until my last breath
by sovlmataes
Summary
"I see colors everytime you speak"- Jimin said in a small murmur, as he hid his face in the curvature of Taehyung's neck - "The most beautiful colors I've ever seen" - he continued, not wanting to look Taehyung in the eyes. His small, delicate hands traveled along his back, carefully feeling the warm mesh that covered his skin."and when you touch me ... when you touch me, I hear the most beautiful melodies." Jimin brushed his nose into Taehyung's warm skin, causing a heavy shiver to run through his body."And what do those melodies sound like?"  "It sounds... it sounds like peace" (Or Jimin finds himself in a situation he has never expected to be in, with the last person he would ever want to).




Chapter 1



Taehyung took a last and long drag on his cigarette, letting the intoxicating smoke fill his lungs. This would be, perhaps, his fifth cigarette in the space of two hours. It's not like he's addicted. He just liked, loved, the feeling that that little mortiferous object gave him. Taehyung could stop at any moment, but it wasn't something that was in his plans. The cigarette was thrown to the floor without the slightest concern of being erased. Taehyung's gaze moved slowly toward the Police watch on his wrist - neither too small nor too large; a blue bracelet, and black lugs - an object that was recently purchased. 12:45 AM. They were late, once again. A long, heavy sigh escaped through his dry lips as he brought one of his hands into the back pocket of his dark blue jeans, eventually holding his cellphone between his aching, purple fingers as a result of the icy weather that dominated Seoul in that winter night. Taehyung thought that it wouldn't be long until small snowflakes started falling on his pale, slightly reddish face. The dark-haired boy, who was covered in a warm black beanie, hurriedly dialed the number he had on his mind, then took the small electronic object to his ear. The long 'ring' of the call irritated him for long seconds, until a restless voice was heard on the other side. "Hello?" His voice sounded confused, which made Taehyung even more uncomfortable. "Where the hell are you, you son of a bitch? And where's Yoongi?" he asked in a harsh, hasty tone, a slight tremor from the cold being perfectly obvious. "Fuck, I completely forgot." - though they couldn't see him, Taehyung rolled his eyes dramatically, letting out a heavy sigh -"Yoongi's with me. Give us 5 minutes and we'll be there" - the voice on the other side promised. Taehyung didn't even bother to answer, deciding to hang up the call. They could just be kidding him. Taehyung finally leaned against the stone wall that was a few inches away, letting his head fall back and his heavy eyes close. He could hear, in the silence of the night, the small crickets that sang in tune. His hands were warm in the heat of the pockets of his black leather jacket, and his body relaxed against the hard stone of the wall. The dark tone of his eyes was revealed again,after a few seconds, as they opened to watch the sky. Numerous bright stars illuminated the black blanket that covered the whole city. Taehyung watched them intently and with interest for a bit. These were the little things in life that Taehyung really enjoyed. It was something that fascinated him in an indescribable way. He could have sworn that a weak smile was formed on his lips. "Taehyung!" - a familiar voice shouted, catching the dark haired boy's attention and forcing his gaze to watch the two male figures approaching in long strides. His brows got together, mirroring the discontent he felt at the moment. "Jungkook, I hope this is the last time I have to wait for you." - he managed to say when the two boys were already a foot apart. He looked at them closely, and, as the boy with mint hair prepared to speak, Taehyung hastened to cut off his speech - "I don't want to hear apologizes. Let's just do this shit already." - he said, turning his body and walking towards the little music shop across the street. Jungkook knew that Taehyung was an easily irritated person. In fact, he knew everything that he needed to know about Taehyung. They lived much of their childhood and adolescence together. They ate together, slept together, played together. They probably even bathed together, if his memory wasn't mistaking him. Despite his unbearable temper, he was his best friend. And Jungkook cared and loved him above all else. The two boys followed his steps towards the shop, stopping in front of the large showcase that showed the numerous musical instruments exposed. "They are beautiful. It'll be a shame." - the small mint-haired boy muttered between his teeth, carefully observing the details of the instruments. Yoongi had always been passionate about anything that involved music. He loved music. He breathed and lived music. Taehyung could hardly believe it when his friend agreed to participate in it. "I hope you don't change your mind." - a small smirk was formed on Taehyung's face, half illuminated by the long street lamps. - "I want this shit completely destroyed." - the other boys managed to notice a pleasant tone in the words his friend had just pronouced. As if he really felt satisfaction in this kind of acts. - "We have to be quick," - Taehyung knew they had an advantage because the street was almost uninhabitable and because it was in a strategic part of the city. However, all the care was little and he knew that something like this had to be done quickly. He couldn't remember the moment when he began to feel the need to practice such acts. But he knew perfectly well how it made him feel. 
Power. Freedom. Pleasure.
 Taehyung's big hand reached for the gun trapped between the belt of his pants. - a Beretta 90 two that one of Yoongi's friends had gotten him - he fucking loved that gun. The boy was small and looked weak, but he had an incredible experience in the world of crime. For a moment, Taehyung remembered the moment he had met him. Yoongi used to sell drugs in the university bathroom during the first and second years. Taehyung didn't trust anyone else to give him what he needed. But, fortunately, he's a person who usually gets tired of things too quickly. The drugs weren't different. He wasn't addicted. He just appreciated the feeling. He could stop if he wanted to. And he stopped. By the time, Taehyung had established a certain relationship of trust with the small boy and invited him to join his group along with Jungkook. And here they were. After nearly a year together, they continued to appreciate the freedom and rebellion that vandalism offered them. Taehyung pointed the gun at the window and, without a second thought, he fired. The beautiful glass quickly melted into numerous pieces, spreading out in all directions. The three boys were careful to protect themselves properly until it was safe to move forward. Taehyung looked at both his friends with a confident smile traced along his dry, cracked purplish lips before indicating with his head that they could finally move forward. Adrenaline burned in his veins, giving his body the most mesmerizing sensation he could ever wish. A sensation similar to what he had felt from drugs and tobacco. But certainly better.    Jimin opened his eyes suddenly, when the arm that supported his head slid abruptly along the counter. He didn't remember the moment he fell asleep, but he was not surprised by the situation. Inwardly, he was grateful for not finding any student or teacher in the library at the moment, or for the fact that his boss was dealing with other matters. Jimin knew that if he was caught sleeping in the middle of the work, Namjoon would scold him. A long sigh fell from his lips as his fingers trailed the black strands of his hair, trying to fix it and cover the fact that he had just awakened from a short nap. Days like this were boring in the university library. Most of the students had gone home for the weekend, or simply had more interesting stuff to do. Jimin had been working there for 2 years, since his freshman year in college, to help his parents pay for his tuition. He knew how difficult it could be for a poor Busan family to pay for such an expensive college and Jimin was thankful for all the efforts. Jimin glanced at the round clock hanging on the wall in front of him. 01:24PM. Almost automatically, a small noise of despair and annoyance made itself sound in the silence of the enormous library.  Despite how boring that job could be, Jimin could call himself lucky. After all, it could be worse. Of course, he could have gotten worse. Here, he had at his disposal all the books, of all sizes and shapes that he could imagine. He could also study while he was working, if he wasn't too busy ordaining up shelves or registering new books on the computer. But the biggest advantage was the fact that the noise was rare there. Jimin appreciated the silence. He didn't like noise and mess. It made his emotions and thoughts become equally restless, loud. Sometimes even suffocating. He would hear, see, dark tones right in the depths of his eyes. The most diverse, in the most different forms. Jimin remembered how difficult it was to live with synesthesia throughout his childhood and the early years of his adolescence. People used to look at him as if he were different. Sometimes crazy. He knew how cruel kids could be. And he didn't judge them. Someone who listens to colors and feels sounds? It is, at least, abnormal. By the time he decided to hide. He had no need to walk around saying that he was synesthetic and, like that, he avoided judging looks and whispers whenever he passed. But not everything about it was bad. It wasn't like he felt cursed for being different all the time. Jimin likes to see the sound of the rain pounding against the glass of his room on a long, stormy night. He usually sees beautiful shades of blue, sometimes with a touch of emerald green if the rain is more intense. He liked to hear the hot cappuccino mug, wrapped in his fingers - the one he drinks every morning before leaving the dorm. It was as if the mug spoke to him. As if the mug would sing one of the most beautiful melodies he had ever heard. Jimin was lost in his innumerable thoughts, until the large wooden doors of the library were opened carelessly, catching his attention. A sweet, warm smile was painted on his face, chubby cheeks and lightly reddish, as he recognized the person who had just entered. Hoseok. One of his best friends. Jimin wasn't the kind of guy who had dozens of friends. Maybe because he was a bit more reserved about making new friends. But he could call himself lucky by the few he had. The brown-eyed boy with bright orange hair - which would catch the attention of anyone, even from a distance - with a crazy different style that suited his fun and relaxed personality, perfectly. - "So, when are you going to take your head off the books and come practice with me?" - Hoseok's voice was sweet, warm. Jimin saw it in small gold spirals that moved to the rhythm of his voice. He could not contain a small laugh at his failed attempt to make a joke. "I have to stay here until 03:00 PM. Namjoon had some business to take care of." he said in a sympathetic tone. He could not see the sound of his voice though, but he imagined it again and again. Perhaps a sweet bronze tone to his usual timbre, and a reddish-brown tone to when his voice had been changed by the anger or exaltation. "But I wouldn't mind going out to dance." - a small, inviting laugh escaped his thick, shiny lips. "Should I keep you company?" Hoseok asked, knowing, however, what the answer would be. Jimin didn't have to answer. The orange-haired boy was already sitting on one of the seats in front of the counter, keeping his eyes focused on Jimin. - "Did you hear about what happened last night in one of the Dobong-gu areas?" - he raised an eyebrow at Jimin, showing interest in the subject. "I have not heard anything about Dobong-gu. I haven't had much time to see the news, if you haven't noticed." - Jimin let out a short laugh again, as he let his body lean over the counter, reducing the distance between the two bodies. "You know Melody's, right? old Kim Minhyuk's music store?" - he asked, but without giving the opportunity to hear an answer. - "of course you do." - he shook his head from side to side before continuing.- "Someone vandalized it. It's completely distroyed. I heard that none of the instruments were saved." - Hoseok seemed too enthusiastic, something that didn't make any sense at the words he had just pronouced. Jimin frowned dramatically. He simply couldn't understand this type of acts. "But were they looking for money?" Jimin asked, almost rhetorically as he scratched at the lower part of his chin, allowing himself to be engrossed in his thoughts. "'And do the police know who did it? " The brown iris of his best friend watched him closely, murmuring a small "mmh" before answering -"They didn't get caught," - he ended up saying, a few seconds later. - "Still," - he finished before nervously biting his lower lip. - "But I have a hunch as to who was responsible." "Or who were the responsibles," -  Jimin said, sounding more like a question than a statement. -"and what's your guess?" "Kim Taehyung and his two companion dogs." - Hoseok laughed. A laugh that looked like a beautiful shade of turquoise blue, slipping into Jimin's vision like little waves. Jimin didn't need Hoseok to explain the reasons behind his suspicions. For him, it was more than obvious. Taehyung and his two friends - Jeon Jungkook and Min Yoongi - were already known for their acts of vandalism. From scouring private property, three sections of college, and even the county hospital with graffiti paint, to burning up crates and starting stupid fights on campus. But, of course, they would never have been caught. Taehyung's father was a powerful man, a man who could rescue his son and his stupid friends from the most diverse confusions involving justice. "Fuckers." - Jimin murmured, a murmur that sounded like a sigh. Jimin knew Taehyung from the physics classes they had together, but they have never been close. Neither did Jimin want such a thing. He didn't want to have anything to do with people like him. He knew Jungkook from dance club he frequented together with Hoseok. Jungkook seemed more relaxed and friendly than the other two men who accompanied him. One of the reasons he couldn't believe he does what he does. They had interacted three or four times during the practices, but Jimin quickly cut off any sort of contact. Yoongi remained a mystery. He knew nothing beyond his name and that he had failed for one year. He doesn't see him many times on the campus, and when he does, Yoongi is always with Taehyung and Jungkook. "I can't wait for them to be caught, I'm tired of seeing them relaxed and with those stupid smiles on their faces". - Jimin said with anger that made the blood of his veins boil. "They will be. Sooner than we imagine." - Hoseok murmured, bringing one of his hands to meet Jimin's tense shoulder, massaging it slowly so his friend could relax.



Chapter 2
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Taehyung woke up with the rays of the sun - which were traversing the white silk of the beautiful curtains - resting on his sleepy face. His heavy, lazy eyes eventually opened - slowly - offering him a blurred view of his spacious bedroom. He glanced around, gazing gloomily at the objects that filled the room. He had everything a young adult could ask for. Furniture of the highest quality and of an incalculable value that would have come from every corner of the world; the most modern technological innovations and a wardrobe that would make anyone envy. Names like Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Givenchy couldn't be missing. Yet, in the midst of all that luxury, Taehyung felt ... small. He rolled on the delicate silk sheets, feeling the comfort warm and embrace his body. It felt good to be like that. Free from worries. His lazy self ended up giving in, then heading towards the bathroom so he could take a quick shower. 
 Monday, January 13
 Taehyung knew that a long day of lessons awaited him. He hated college more than anything. Having to be with ridiculous people who live stupidly focused on the idea that true wisdom and knowledge could only be learned in school wasn't really his favorite hobby. But the only reason that led him to attend that stupid physics course was the promise he had made to his mother. He knew perfectly well that he wasn't the perfect son, and he also knew that, inevitably, pride would never be in the light of her eyes when she looked at him, so attending college would eventually make up for it.A scent of vanilla dominated the room, as well as it dominated his toned skin. Taehyung opted for a more casual look. His dark hair properly pulled back, revealing his forehead and his well defined eyebrows. A pair of dark ripped jeans - his favorites - and an oversized sweater.Taehyung liked to hide his hands in its wide pockets, especially on wintry days like this. With a cigarette stuck between his dry lips and his backpack carelessly over his shoulder, Taehyung moved towards the exit, soon to be interrupted by a familiar voice. "I want you in my office. Now." his eyebrows contracted. He felt revulsion at every word that familiar voice uttered. Taehyung felt tired and swore in his mind that it wouldn't be long until he couldn't handle it anymore. Rolling his eyes dramatically and turning his body towards the source of the sound, Taehyung eventually followed the man in a suit. The office was already familiar to his brown eyes, and it wasn't necessary to examine the details - something that had become a habit for him. The dark-haired boy finally sat down in the comfortable red armchair - which didn't look as comfortable as it used to be now - in front of a large desk stuffed with all sorts of important papers, a computer and a landline. Taehyung had been there countless times, but the reasons wouldn't be very different. "I don't know what to do with you anymore" the man finally broke the ruthless silence that dominated the office, moving back and forth in slow steps that made the old wood crack. Taehyung didn't dare looking at him, merely leaning his head back on the chair and staring at the ceiling as if it was the most interesting object at the moment. "This is going to have to stop. I can't constantly handle your stupid acts! We've had this conversation before but it doesn't seem to work, " the voice said in a loud, authoritative tone. '' I can't be constantly saving you from your irresponsible attitudes! From your crimes! '' "The only reason why you save my ass is because you don't want your stupid name and image to be affected." Taehyung could hear the man's breathing grow heavy, something that made a small smirk appear on his lips . The sound of his footsteps grew more intense as he approached, pulling Taehyung through the thick fabric of the sweater so he could raise him drastically and unexpectedly. With his eyebrows aligned, Taehyung looked right into his eyes, mirroring all the anger in his veins. It burned. "I'm your fucking father. I want you to respect me!'' ''You don't know what it's like to be a father. You're a piece of shit!'' Father. Father. Father. That word echoed inside his mind. The reality was that Taehyung had failed to see the man in front of him as a father figure long ago. In fact, it had been a long time since he'd last had a father. A real father.  ''Listen here, you worthless idiot. The only reason why you still live under my roof, you still study in a good university and you have all the luxuries you want, is because of your mother." Taehyung could feel the intense smell of alcohol escaping between the man's lips. It was 9AM and that bastard was already drunk. Not that it wasn't something he wasn't quite accustomed to. ''I love that woman and that's the only reason I still handle your bratty attitudes.'' "You love my mother?" He almost choked on the huge laugh he left out next, not showing any regret about the fact that he was laughing at the man's face. ''You didn't seem to love my mother while you were fucking your dumb assistants on the bed where she slee-'' Taehyung didn't have time to finish the sentence, feeling the familiar impact of a strong hand hitting the smooth skin of his face, the impact sounding between the walls of the room. The grip on the gray fabric of his sweater had ceased, and the man stepped back and sat on the bright wood of his desk. Taehyung didn't know if he felt more angry about the fact that he hadn't been able to defend himself, or that he has just been slapped. No, the pain wasn't physical. The pain was so much more intense than the mere impact of a hand on his face. ''I'll find a way to get my mother out of here, you son of a bitch.'' With his voice trembling, his body shaking and his eyes half-closed, Taehyung finally put his pack on his shoulder again and hurried to the exit. Spotting his black Ferrari California, he couldn't contain the anger that turned into countless kicks against the sports car, a fist against the side window and tears that burned his eyes and cheekbones. It wasn't the first time he felt ridiculous, humiliated, and utterly destroyed. "Fuck you, I hate you so much." blood trickled down his fists due to the cuts caused by the glass of the shattered window as Taehyung tried to wipe his wet and remarkably reddish face. He had sworn, in an almost inaudible murmur, that this would be the last time that the man would lay a hand on him.     The day began for Jimin like any other. It was always the same routine, always the same tasks. It was getting a little too monotonous. With a hot cup of coffee wrapped between his hands - warming them and protecting them from the icy weather outside - the backpack loosely on his back - this time heavier than usual - a bag for the dance practice and a scarf carefully wrapped around his pale neck. As Jimin stepped through the door, heading towards the exit of the dorm with the coffee cup glued to his lips, small snowflakes fell on the natural blush of his cheeks. He loved the sound that the cool, cold touch made him feel. The gentle, delicate sound of wind chimes ringing, which caused innumerable chills along the length of Jimin's skin. He felt good like that. It was as if that delicate sound carried him to another world, surrounded by nature and where he could feel nothing but peace. It wasn't long before all the hot drink disappeared from the cup, the container being properly placed in the trash before Jimin could enter the classroom. A long sigh fell from his lips as he managed to sit in his usual seat, letting his head fall back as he closed his eyes. Jimin felt exhausted. The sleepless nights, the countless assignments, dance practices and work at the library began to have their negative effect. Jimin just wished the classes were over so he could finally get his well deserved rest. Jimin's eyes opened almost automatically to the voice that interrupted his innumerable thoughts. The teacher had arrived, ready to begin class. Jimin wasn't the kind of not paying attention or at least pretending he did. But, in particular, that wasn't going to be a good day for him. His tired eyes traveled around the room, curiously watching the students around him. But his gaze had a special interest in the empty chair on the table beside him. Jimin raised his eyebrow suspiciously. ''That bastard decided to miss classes today '' he said to himself in an almost inaudible whisper. Jimin had felt, for moments, that his day had just got better. But since good things don't last long, that feeling quickly faded when the dark-haired boy finally stepped through the doorway - without any justification - sitting in his seat. Jimin watched him for a few seconds. The dark circles under his eyes didn't go unnoticed. But what really caught his attention were his wrists wrapped with compress aids and a reddish-almost-purple mark that colored his face and which Taehyung tried - at all costs- to hide with his hair. Jimin could - almost - feel sorry for the boy. He might, if he didn't know the kind of person he was.Probably it would have been the result of one of his idiot fights. Rolling his eyes dramatically, Jimin focused his attention on the teacher, who had come to question the reason for Taehyung's delay. ''I had something important to do.'' his voice made Jimin's body shiver. It wasn't a sweet, warm voice, but a cool and sharp one. A voice that showed in sepia tones. Jimin hated it. "He was probably vandalizing one more store." Jimin only realized that his words had been pronounced out loud when he felt countless glances fall on his figure. "If I were you, I would shut the fuck up, Park." Taehyung broke the awkward silence, seconds later, muttering between his clenched teeth.'' Or what? I'm not afraid of you, Kim.'' Jimin looked confident, with a small smirk crossing his thick glossy lips. However, his heart felt like it would jump through his mouth at any moment. The adrenaline rushed through his veins as if he was doing something radical, dangerous. It was at this answer that Taehyung couldn't contain the anger that ruled his fragile being. Standing up from the chair, causing it to slide on the floor drastically, and approaching his colleague, he eventually grabbed him violently by the warm shirt he was wearing that day - as Taehyung had been an hour before with his father. Jimin could feel the coldness and emptiness that dominated the brownish tone of his eyes. And for the first time he had been afraid, contrary to the words he uttered seconds earlier. His eyes opened abruptly, as did his lips, which parted to let a little whimper escape. Fortunately, for Jimin's sake, the professor quickly intervened, forcing Taehyung to leave the room, which he obeyed immediately, hurrying to the exit, not missing the opportunity to close the door abruptly. Taehyung was one of those persons that Jimin would never understand. To him, he was nothing more than a spoiled rich kid who didn't have to move a finger to have anything he wanted. However, Jimin didn't think he needed to - or wanted to understand.     Jungkook found Taehyung sitting on one of the stone benches located in a more discreet part of the old building. Five cigarette butts scattered on the pavement and a new cigarette burning between Taehyung's dry lips. At this rate, he would eventually drown in tobacco. He knew why he liked to smoke. He knew perfectly well. And he knew that Taehyung was one of those people who hid the pain through addictions. Vices that were killing him slowly and painfully. Jungkook approached cautiously, eventually stealing the cigarette he was smoking pleasantly, placing it between his lips for a deep drag. All of Taehyung's attention was now focused on the unexpected visit, raising his eyebrow in suspicion. ''What happened?'' Jungkook asked, not giving him a chance to question his previous action. Taehyung knew exactly what Jungkook was referring to, however, he merely murmured a small ''I was expelled from class". He had sworn inwardly that the stupid Park had to pay for what had happened. ''Clearly. But that wasn't what I meant.'' Jungkook looked closely at his friend's injured hand. Small stripes of blood stained the compresses aids, not going unnoticed. "Were you fighting?" He asked, not in a curious tone but more like worried. Taehyung watched the cigarette disappear between his best friend's thin lips as his mind tried to process a quick excuse he could offer. No way he would lower his guard and say that the man he was living with had slapped him, and because of his anger he had punched the glass of his car. No, Taehyung wouldn't humiliate himself that way. Not for the third time on the same day. And it was still morning. ''I was just annoyed.'' The light-haired boy sighed drastically, a cloud of smoke escaping from his mouth due to the cigarette that was quickly threw to the floor. Jungkook knew there was something else, didn't he know Taehyung perfectly well. ''Because...?'' ''I don't want to talk about it.'' Jungkook stared at him for a few seconds before sliding on the bench - reducing the distance between the bodies - and wrapped Taehyung's sensible figure in his arms, offering him the comfort of a friendly and familiar hug. Taehyung swore he could break into tears at any moment, but that would only show how weak he is. But no, Taehyung wasn't weak. Not anymore. ''That's pretty gay.'' ''I don't fucking care.'' And they stayed like that for endless seconds. If there was someone who truly loved him, even with all the flaws that corrupted his being and soul, that someone was Jungkook. And Taehyung knew. He knew and wouldn't take it for granted. In fact, they had gone through the worst and the best together. When Jungkook finally let go of his friend's body, Taehyung quickly looked at him firmly and intently. "I want to do something different tonight." Jungkook looked at him doubtfully. '' I want something bigger. More chaotic. More intense. I want more ... destruction.'' ''What's your plan?'' ''I want to blow up a cash machine.'' The expression on Jungkook's face was priceless, and Taehyung wouldn't believe it if he wasn't seeing it with his own eyes. Wide-eyed, raised eyebrows and lips dramatically apart, almost forming an ''o''. ''I wasn't expecting anything like that, in fact'' ''It came to me suddenly. We need Yoongi's help. Talk to him and make him get what we need for tonight, '' he commanded, turning his body towards the muscled human sitting beside him on the bench and taking one of his hands to meet his neck so he could slowly massage the tense area. ''Can you do that?'' Jungkook nodded immediatly, feeling the comfort of Taehyung's touch. ''I'll send you the details by message. And, as always, I want the maximum description'' Taehyung felt his heartbeat accelerate as the words escaped in form of orders. For the first time that day, he had felt good. Powerful. Free. And that was the best fucking feeling in the world.     
Tuesday, 14th January 03:55 AM 
  Taehyung and Jungkook were hidden behind a huge bush tree, located a few meters from the critical area. Jungkook watched Yoongi in the distance, carefully grooming all the equipment, and commenting about everything that came up to his mind. Clearly, he was scared to death for the very first time. This could, perhaps, break through the barriers of vandalism and everything they have done so far. Taehyung was the perfect opposite image of his best friend. He felt calm, fulfilled. He glanced at his watch for the fiftieth time in the past hour. Almost as many times as he had looked around for any sign of life. This was risky and dangerous. But risk was the best and funniest part of it all, wasn't it? Jungkook murmured once more, warning this time that the work was complete and that Yoongi would go back and hide with them. Taehyung was satisfied and could only hope that everything went well for his group's side. Yoongi's small figure quickly joined them, choosing a strategic place to be able to observe everything that was about to occur. ''One minute'' the mint haired boy reported, with a smirk on his lips. He was enjoying the moment as much as Taehyung, and that was a fact. Yoongi eventually gave him a small watch that counted the seconds it would take until the bomb exploded, destroying the whole machine and everything within a few centimeters. Taehyung had his fingers crossed and a white smile marking his light face. However, it quickly faded when Jungkook, in a panic, reported that a person was approaching. 
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. 
 Taehyung hastily and violently, stole the binoculars from Jungkook's hands, and could clearly see who the person approaching the ATM was. ''Fucking Park. What is he doing here?!" Taehyung muttered under his breath, his eyes drastically bulging. And in a matter of milliseconds, he felt his whole body quiver. The pleasurable sensation and all the adrenaline had been replaced by horror and panic. 
30 seconds.
 "Make that shit stop!" Taehyung shouted, grabbing Yoongi by the collar of his shirt, but he simply said that there was no way, no time, to stop it now. Taehyung brought his hands to his head, trying to organize his thoughts. 
No, no, no, this couldn't be happening.




Chapter End Notes
So.. here's another chapter. I hope you enjoyed it!Comments & kudos will be much appreciated.Follow me on twt @/sovlmataes !!


Chapter 3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




30 seconds."Make that shit stop!" Taehyung shouted, grabbing Yoongi by the collar of his shirt, but he simply said that there was no way, no time, to stop it now. Taehyung brought his hands to his head, trying to organize his thoughts. 
 No, no, no, this couldn't be happening. 
 As Taehyung lifted his body, preparing to run towards the male's small figure, a strong grip around his wrist prevented him from advancing. "Don't go, there's no time!" Jungkook's voice was constantly cut off by his fast breathing, his eyes wide and bigger than Taehyung had ever seen. ''We're not murderers, Jungkook.'' Taehyung looked at his best friend first, then Yoongi, before continuing. ''I want you both to leave. Now.'' It was the last thing Taehyung had said before releasing himself drastically from Jungkook's unsteady grip and running towards the black-haired boy. 20 seconds.   Taehyung cursed himself inwardly. At that moment, he had regretted the stupid idea he'd had. Explode an ATM? He could only have lost his head. Despite everything he and his group of friends had done so far, Taehyung wasn't a monster. He wouldn't be able to let someone hurt himself or even lose his life because of one of his ideas. Even if that person was the unbearable idiot Park Jimin. Not bothering to show any kindness to his physics collegue, Taehyung tightly wrapped Jimin's wrist and ran in the opposite direction of the critical point where the bomb was about to explode. His confused but defensive voice - as well as his repeated attempts to escape - didn't cease to be felt. "What the fuck?!" Jimin complained, once more, trying now to hit his "kidnapper" with innumerable punches against his back, properly covered by a black leather jacket. However, with no effect. A hurricane of sensations dominated the inside of his stomach, making him twitch. "What the hell was going on?" He wondered, under his breath. As soon as Taehyung came to a corner, several feet away, his strong body forced Jimin's to sit on the filthy pavement of the street. He eventually got on his knees behind him, bringing his hand - covered by a black glove - to Jimin's thick lips and mercilessly cutting his terrified voice, his colleague's back leaning  against his strong and perfectly sculpted chest. 
8 seconds. 
 ''I advise you to remain silent if you don't want me to cut off your balls.'' And it was at this very moment that Jimin realized who was beneath the corrupt black mask. That sepia-toned voice that sent shivers all over his body. That cold, cruel voice. That voice he hated so much to see. The black-haired boy didn't even have time to complain or react against the strong, hateful figure behind him, as the sound of a huge explosion broke his ears, causing him to retreat involuntarily. That sound had been terrifying for Jimin. A dark black with ebony stripes that moved violently in the back of his eyes, despair and terror that were expressed through a silent whimper, which was muffled by the thick fabric of Taehyung gloves. Taehyung could feel Jimin's uncontrolled breathing as his back moved against his chest. It was perceptible that he was frightened and terrified by all this succession of events. But could he judge him? Taehyung, himself, was also scared to death. But not for the same reason. Jimin's body moved slowly, releasing himself from the stifling touch of the masked boy. His delicate hands - obviously tortured by the icy weather - finally grabbed the cloth that covered Taehyung's face, removing it immediately. The uneasy closeness made Jimin catch the hot breath of the other boy slamming against his pink cheeks. With his eyebrows sharply aligned, Jimin raised his hand, preparing to hit Taehyung's face mercilessly, but a strong grip on his arm was felt instantly, taking away any strength to carry out his act. Taehyung's empty iris was hidden for brief seconds as his eyelids lined up and his long lashes rested against the cheekbones of his face. He could almost see the image of his father engraved on Jimin as he lifted his hand. He could almost feel the violent shock against his face once more. "Don't touch my face," was the only thing Taehyung said before he finally opened his eyes and stood up, letting Jimin impetuously. ''Have you lost your mind?!'' "You should thank me. After all, I saved your precious life."An evil smile tore Taehyung's lips, his body moving towards the corner, giving him the chance to watch the damage a few yards away. The ATM completely destroyed, money that flew in all directions. Pieces of broken glass from some abandoned stores scattered on the vast road and sidewalk as well as pieces of the walls. A huge cloud of smoke began to cover the scene and, after all the terror, a sense of accomplishment began - finally - to run in Taehyung's veins. Jimin's small figure quickly became noticed. All that destruction was like knives against his chest. Everything he thought about Taehyung was, in fact, a euphemism. He was actually much worse. ''Oh my God. You're completely fucked up" he murmured, almost out of breath. ''I could have died there.'' "But you didn't. So get the fuck out of here before the cops arrive" Taehyung's cold gaze now focused on Jimin's fragile body, watching him carefully from top to bottom. ''Now.'' ''I'm not your little friends. You don't give me orders.'' Taehyung wet his lips, letting his tongue slip slowly along them, before jerking him against the stone wall. Soft pain moans left Jimin's mouth at once. ''I don't know why but... it seems like you love getting into my issues a little too much. You should start paying more attention to what you do or next time maybe I'll let you die there.'' "I... I'm not afraid of you." Jimin's body vibrated painfully, adrenaline and fear trailed through his veins, contrary to what his voice said. Two hands strategically supported on each side of the black-haired boy's head, faces dangerously close. Taehyung forced himself to watch the boy's helpless eyes in front of him. His purpose was to show, perhaps, some superiority. Taehyung would be like the predator and Jimin his delicious prey. A small smirk was drawn on his dark face before he drew back, hurrying away, leaving Jimin completely alone and isolated in the darkness of the night. He couldn't take the risk of having the police appear to find him a few yards from the crime's scene. After all, out of all the overconfidence that the corrupted him, he knew that Jimin would be a problem. He was a victim and a witness. Taehyung thought, in his panting breath, that this would be something he would have to deal with later.     
04:46 AM 
  Jungkook sat on one of the wooden benches in front of the counter with the most varied drinks, Yoongi ended up following his movements, sitting on the bench beside him. A long sigh broke through his thin pink lips as he rested his elbows on the counter. Countless thoughts dominated his mind at the moment. Was Taehyung ok? Was Jimin ok? Had he arrived on time? He felt bad for leaving his best friend behind. He felt cowardly, weak. And, like Taehyung, he hated that feeling. But on the other hand, he knew what the consequences would be if he didn't do what he had been ordered to do. "Relax, kid." Jungkook felt Yoongi's cold hand land on his tense shoulder, trying to give him some comfort. But those mere words or a friendly gesture wouldn't soothe his troubled mind. ''What if he didn't make it in time?'' ''He knows what he's doing. We have to trust him.'' His brown eyes focused on the mint-haired boy - unmasked for the first time that night - for a few seconds before sighing again. Yoongi was right, in fact. But something inside him made it difficult to accept all of his best friend's decisions without a trace of concern all the time. When the bartender approached, questioning what they would want, they both simply ordered a shot of vodka, as usual. He, Yoongi and Taehyung used to go out almost every day to drink until they couldn't take it anymore. Those were good nights and they could free their minds from all sorts of worries that haunted them. However, tonight was different. "Since when did we get so fucked up?" Jungkook broke the silence, not looking at Yoongi's eyes, and focusing on the people in the pub. Two old men, obviously drunk, weren't the drastically rosy tone of their faces fooling him. A younger man - not much older than Yoongi - who leaned his head in his hands while countless bottles of soju surrounded him. Jungkook wondered mentally what were the reasons that made others drink. Everyone would have their story to tell and he wondered if their story was as or worse than his own. "It was life that fucked us up, kid." Yoongi finally answered after a little pause to reflect on the question that had been asked. ''Maybe our destiny will be this one.'' "Why do we do this? You... You don't have a dream ?  Goals for life?'' Yoongi merely smiled for a few seconds at how innocent Jungkook's voice had sounded. When the little shots were placed on the wood of the counter, the mint-headed boy soon wrapped the glass of the cup and led it to his thirsty lips, so that the drink could burn his throat next. Yoongi let out a small grunt before landing the glass again. ''A person like me can't afford dreams, Jungkook. I'm in that stupid college, almost by favour. My grades suck, just like the stupid course they got me into. If you have no taste in what you do, then it's just wasted time. But in my case, there isn't much left to do." Jungkook was attentive to every word uttered. ''Even if I had a dream, then what? Dreams are and will always be illusions,'' Yoongi said, almost in a whisper, now facing his own hands, as if they were the most interesting thing at the time. ''I joined you guys because I needed something new. Some action in my life.'' ''I understand,'' Jungkook finally said, after ingesting all the fiery drink in one go. ''And you? Why do you do this?" He felt the pressure of having Yoongi's intense gaze resting on him. Jungkook bit his lower lip fiercely for a few seconds as he let his hand pull his hair back while he thought of a coherent answer. ''I do it for him.'' "For Taehyung? Why?'' "Because I only have him. And he only has me." Nervousness began to take over his frail self. The alcohol ran through him and burned his veins warmly. "I already lost him once, Yoongi. If this makes him happy, then I just do it.'' ''Do you really think he is happy, Jungkook?'' A question for which no answer was needed. Yoongi showed him a smile filled with pity and compassion as he carefully pressed his shoulder once more. Jungkook couldn't enjoy the remaining drinks that followed. Yoongi's question echoed in his mind, making him so uncomfortable that even the venom of the alcohol wouldn't be able to eliminate them.  
Tuesday, January 14 10:30 AM 
  With his usual cappuccino cup between his fingers, Jimin sat on one of the stone benches in the big, old building. He had pondered, countless times, whether he should or not, come to classes today. The images of the dawn remained vividly present in his mind, as if they were happening at the moment. That terrifying sound could still be heard, just like the expression on Taehyung's face as he pressed him against the stone wall. Jimin could still feel the pain in his back. What would happen the moment he met Taehyung? How could he be able to walk relaxed in college knowing they both had a class together?! How could he feel safe knowing that Taehyung could hurt him or ... or. Jimin thought about reporting him to the police, but what would be the point? He knew perfectly well that Taehyung would have his ass saved in two seconds if his father wasn't one of the most influential men in Seoul. Or else no one would believe him, despite all the evidence he could show. Sighing heavily and releasing a loud ''Ahh'', then Jimin covered his face with his hands. He felt he could start crying at any moment. Why did this have to happen to him? He had never imagined that on the only night he'd decided to go out and get his ideas clear, it would be the night he could have died or been seriously injured. Jimin thought it was unfair. Of all the possible people, it had to be him to go through this situation. ''Hey, sleeping beauty. It's no time to sleep.'' Jimin revealed his face as his hands traveled to the wide pockets of his white hoodie, and he could watch more closely the unexpected presence. "Hoseok." The bright smile on his friend's sweet, friendly features quickly faded as he realized something was wrong. Sitting on the bench next to Jimin, Hoseok watched him closely, murmuring a small ''What's up? ''. "I'm into something completely fucked up. And I don't know what to do.'' Jimin thought it was ok to tell the orange-haired boy what had happened. In fact, he wasn't able to handle the situation by himself and he had full confidence in Hoseok. After all, that couldn't get any worse. Summing it all up the best he could, Jimin finally blew out everything that tormented him, watching Hoseok's expression change drastically. "Jimin, you have to tell the police. You can't let him continue to do-'' ''I can't do that, Hoseok. I don't know what the consequences might be."Jimin confessed in a sad tone. "You have to promise not to do anything about it. I just needed to take this weight off my shoulders. '' Hoseok looked at him reticently. He knew Jimin was right, somehow. But, on the other hand, this could not continue for long. Then nodding as a faint smile was drawn on his heart-shaped lips, a small "you can trust me," was pronounced. "How about a dance practice to relax?" Hoseok mumbled enthusiastically, trying to cheer Jimin up as best as he could. A small, inviting laugh was heard as Jimin nodded, accepting the orange-haired boy's irrefutable proposal. Yes, dancing would make all the uncomfortable thoughts leave his mind, even if for just a few hours. And that was what Jimin most wanted.       Despite the wintry weather outside, Jimin was now wearing a tank top and jogger pants. Through the large glass walls of the dance room, he had a privileged view of the small garden. Jimin loved that garden. During the summer and spring, the most beautiful flowers filled that space. In winter, a blanket of snow covered the small trees, not taking away all the beauty it offered. Two completely different sensations but he adored both of them. Hoseok eventually entered the room, fully equipped and ready to begin. Jimin gave him a small smile before allowing the music to invade the space and vibrate between the glass walls. The music was carmine, yellow and cyan blue in every possible way right in front of his eyes. It seemed that the colors themselves danced, they seemed to move, and there was nothing Jimin loved more. His body eventually moved, almost as if it had its own free will, the rhythm of the music guiding his steps, the sensual and precise movements of his waist, arms and legs. With his eyes completely closed, Jimin let himself be led into a completely different world. All thoughts that had previously tortured him had faded, as if an rubber had erased them. And he felt... free. In peace. He was so immersed in what he was doing, so focused, that he didn't even hear Hoseok's first attempt to catch his attention. His eyes opened slowly, and the whole reality hit him at once. Cruelly. "Look," Jimin raised his eyebrows, strangely at his best friend's attitude, then followed his gaze to the outside of the dance room. Jimin could have sworn a little scream had echoed throughout the room as he noticed that Taehyung's strong, intimidating figure was watching them on the other side, with a stupid and annoying smirk lighting his pink face. He felt his breathing suddenly accelerate, and he knew that dancing wasn't the reason this had happened. ''What the?!'' Why the hell was he there? And why the hell was he watching him? Jimin was mostly irritated and confused. And for a few moments he had remembered the words Taehyung had uttered the night before. You should pay more attention to what you do. A growl made itself heard once more, showing the desperation and nervousness that curled him at the moment. Jimin looked at Hoseok for a few moments before turning his attention back to the garden zone, only to realize that Taehyung was gone. This whole situation was starting to get too creepy and Jimin didn't know if he could handle it.      A week had passed and Jimin had come across Taehyung more than the times that were really necessary. Sometimes he would meet him at the library door, right when Jimin prepared to change shifts with Namjoon. Next to his locker, or even at the entrance of college. And clearly in the garden in front of the dance room. The garden Jimin so much enjoyed seemed now cursed and obscure, all because of Taehyung's unwanted presence. The truth was that he had Jimin under his wings. And today wouldn't be an exception. As soon as Jimin came out of his endless mathematical analysis class, there he was. Leaning against the wall right in front of his classroom, arms crossed and that stupid smile. That could only be some provocation, an attempt to scare him so he wouldn't open his mouth. And to his own misery, that was working. However, Jimin thought it was time to end it. He couldn't even go to the bathroom without being afraid that Taehyung could follow him. Taking a deep breath, he strode towards the raven-haired boy, holding his wrist and walking to the farthest room, which was completely empty. Closing the door carefully for no suspicion, Jimin focused his attention on Taehyung, who was looking at him suspiciously and with his eyebrow partially raised. ''Are you following me now?!'' "It's been fun, hasn't it? The expression on your face when you see me is... priceless.'' This excess of confidence was beginning to become extremely irritating. "I'm not going to tell the police. But leave me the fuck alone.'' "I know you're not," Taehyung whispered as he let the backpack slip along his arm, which eventually fell on the ground. His body moved slowly, cautious steps towards Jimin, who simply stepped back, trying to keep as much distance as he could. '' You're nothing but weak.'' "What about you?" Jimin answered, filling his chest with courage, a look that burned anyone who dared to look more closely. He wasn't the kind to get irritated easily. But, somehow, Taehyung had the gift of arousing the anger and the fire that lived cautiously hidden inside his chest. "You're even weaker than me. You are a real... coward." the last word uttered in a short whisper, as if his voice had broken. ''Fuck you.'' Taehyung had felt that his bad temper had reached its peak. Anger that heated his body in an unimaginable way and his heavy breathing that made itself heard in the emptiness and silence of the room. The distance between the two bodies was significantly reduced, and Jimin's body was now completely against the wall, giving him no chance of escape. The dark-skinned boy's fists clenched, one slamming against the wall, right next to Jimin's face, and the other preparing to reach his fragille figure. But at that moment Taehyung felt incapable. Jimin's eyes were tortuously closed, eyebrows lined up. Taehyung watched his face for brief seconds, felt his own eyes widen as he realized how actually pure and beautiful his features were. Cheeks painted with a sweet rose, short and thin lashes. Thick, glossy lips, covered in a pink tone that made Taehyung remember his favorite strawberry ice cream. And he didn't even want to believe that his weakness wasn't the one Jimin had mentioned seconds earlier, but the one that was right in front of him. At least, at that moment. As he approached his face - almost commanded by his own instinct - he had a chance to feel Jimin's warm, quickening breath mix itself up with his. The fist that had previously struck the wall, had now opened, and his palm was now secured against the surface. Taehyung didn't know why the hell he was doing it but he felt that, at the moment, he should do it. As if his subconscious mind gave him orders. His thin lips ended up meeting Jimin's delightful ones. A soft touch, without him moving them. Jimin felt his eyes widen in surprise, as did his raised eyebrows. The proximity almost allowed him to count the numerous and long eyelashes that rested on the apples of Taehyung's face. What the hell was happening? Why couldn't he react? Push him away?  When he finally pulled away, reality hit him right on the chest as well as what he had just done. Taehyung's lips parted and he tried to utter something, which turned into mere stutters without any sense. ''Fuck.'' ''What the hell d-did you just do?'' ''Shut up.'' ''W-Why did you kiss me?'' "Shut the fuck up" Taehyung roared through his teeth as he let both his hands slide along the wall. ''But... This doesn't even... I don't even-'' Jimin's confused and surprised voice was unexpectedly silent as Taehyung's lips collided with his once again.



Chapter End Notes
Thank you so much for reading!Also, don’t get confused when I write that Jimin hears colors and feels sounds, it’s all connected to his synesthesia.Comments and kudos will be much appreciated!Follow me on twt @/sovlmataes !


Chapter 4
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Taehyung felt the grass tickle his palms from the contact with the ground. The day was beautiful, the radiant light of the sun tearing the bright blue sky and illuminating the whole place. He could hear the pleasant sound of the birds singing on the branches of the tall trees and the other children laughing and playing, not far from where he was. He thought life was as simple as that. 
 
At the time, it seemed. 
 
A broad, genuine square smile formed on his lips. An open smile that allowed him to show his teeth and hide the hazel color of his eyes. 
 
She was there. The perfect and unique Kim Areum. 
 
Taehyung's first love. 
 
She was simply wonderful. Pink, heart-shaped lips, big brown eyes that matched her long dark hair - decorated with small flowers as usual - and that little mole beneath her left eye that Taehyung loved so much. 
 
Many might say that he didn't know what love was and that it was nothing more than a small crush. But even though he was only 12, Taehyung was in love. He used to feel his hands shake and sweat frantically as the distance between the two was reduced. He used to feel the torpid bubbles bursting inside his belly and his face heating until his cheeks reminded of two big, chubby red balls. 
 
And it was there, under that tree, in the park in front of his school, that he finally gained the courage to grab Kim Areum's delicate hand. And it was there, warmed by the hot breeze and the bright rays of the sun, that Taehyung finally gained the courage to give her a soft peck kiss. His first kiss. 
 
That night, Taehyung couldn't sleep. It was as if his small chest had been attacked by the most overwhelming sensation. And he promised that that would be a day he would never forget. 
     Jimin's lips were soft and perfectly sculpted against Taehyung's, both still motionless. The idea of moving them quickly faded when his mind - so far empty - had drawn into the terrible reality. What the hell was he doing?! "What the hell." with his eyebrows drawn in disbelief at his own actions, Taehyung pulled away sharply, his face facing Jimin's opposite direction. He didn't even want to believe how weak he was. Jimin could be fucking hot, but he was still a bastard. ''N-Never touch me again. Ever.'' Taehyung heard the tremor in Jimin's voice, and he could imagine the expression of shock that masked his face, even if he couldn't see it. He let out an ironic laugh as he grabbed his bag and put it back on his shoulder - now daring to watch the brownish color of the other's eyes. "As if I wanted to. Take this as a provocation.'' Taehyung wasn't lying. Not totally. It wasn't as if he wanted to repeat that ridiculous act. He just wanted to arouse Jimin's anger. Perhaps. ''You disgust me. Leave me alone.'' He felt Jimin's burning, intense look watch him for a few seconds before hurriedly leaving the classroom. 
Leave me alone.
 And that was what he did.    From: Tae hyungTime: 05:45 PM
Meet me at the beach 
  Jungkook stared at the phone screen for a few seconds, incredulous. Why the hell would Taehyung want to meet him on the beach when it was -5 degrees outside? However, this thought quickly left his mind. It was Taehyung, he was more than accustomed to this kind of situation. With a small sigh ripping his lips, Jungkook slipped the phone into the back pocket of his jeans. Not bothering to wear more than a warm coat and a beanie, despite the icy weather that covered the city, Jungkook left his dorm, hurrying to the meeting place. Jungkook quickly regretted his careless decision not to bring something warmer when he felt his body being attacked by the greasy air from outside, which provoked small - but innumerable - wounds on the smooth skin of his face and hands. Taehyung's tall body was quickly detected by the time he reached the deserted beach. Sitting on the wall that divided the sand and the sidewalk, wearing black from head to toe and one of his usual cigarettes caught between his cracked lips. Sadly, Jungkook had long been accustomed to this scenario. Sitting next to his best friend, without a previous warning, Jungkook merely stared at the rough and violent waves of the sea, which plunged over the coast as his body shrank, trying to gather all the heat he could get in the moment. The black sky, covered with the grayest clouds ever, would soon bring all their sorrow and sadness upon the city. ''Something happened?'' Jungkook broke the silence, not taking much time to focus his attention on the raven-haired boy at his side. Serious, as he took a long and deep drag on his cigarette. ''No. I just wanted company." his long fingers wrapped around the venomous, poisonous object, pulling it away from his thirsty mouth so he could send the butt to the sand. Jungkook followed his movements with intent, attentive and precise gaze, and his chest tightened when he saw Taehyung pull a new cigarette from his pocket and place it between his lips before lighting it. ''Quit smoking.'' ''I can't.'' Jungkook felt his own eyebrows became one almost involuntarily. He wasn't sure if Taehyung had any idea of how much it destroyed him. Seeing the only person he had killing himself slowly, without mercy. Sometimes, Jungkook felt wronged, as if his feelings had no vow in the matter. As if what he felt wasn't important. "Quit smoking," he repeated, now daring to pull the cigarette out of his lips so he could throw it away. Jungkook noticed the deep wrinkle that formed in his best friend's forehead at his reckless act. "You're not my mother, Jungkook. I'm just... stressed out." he didn't know if it had been Taehyung's deep and intense voice that have caused innumerable chills all over his body or if it was the cold that was attacking him. ' 'Bullshit, Taehyung! You've been stressed for four years now. Four years!'' Taehyung raised his eyebrow, surprised by the change in his best friend's tone of voice. "And I have to watch, like it's the easiest shit in the world. How do you think I feel?" Jungkook felt his body give in to the frustration he felt at the moment, causing his eyes to close and a heavy sigh, accompanied by a small cloud of hot steam that counteracted the icy weather, made itself sound. Hot, large hands warmed his wounded cheeks as Taehyung approached to comfort him. Jungkook noticed the red coloring of the boy's nose in front of him as he opened his eyes to face Taehyung. He would probably laugh if the moment wasn't the least appropriate.  "I lost my father for the same reason. I won't lose you too.''  ''Shh. Everything's ok. I'm ok.'' even though it was a small one, Taehyung offered him a smile as he brushed the strands of hair that hung over Jungkook's eyes, deliriously. Jungkook appreciated the gesture. ''I really fucking love you. You know?'' And he knew. He knew better than anyone. And he knew that Taehyung was trying to do his best. But sometimes Jungkook felt selfish, unfair, for thinking that it wasn't enough. ''I love you too.'' He watched Taehyung remove one of the sleeves of his huge coat, giving him the possibility of putting that part of the clothes over Jungkook's back to warm him. Jungkook seized the opportunity, feeling the heat invade his body. With his head resting on Taehyung's chest, he let his eyes close, feeling bewitched by the beautiful combination of his best friend's breath and the noise of the furious waves. ''That's pretty gay.'' ''I don't fucking care.''      With the palm of his hand holding his face, Jimin's mind wandered. Countless thoughts that made him feel dizzy. It had been two weeks since the ''incident''. Jimin had decided to call it that way when he unburdened to Hoseok two days later. Taehyung had stopped following him, and the only time they both had to share the same space was during the endless Physics class. Something that made him slightly relieved. Every time Jimin thought about the way Taehyung's lips landed on his - not once, but twice - he felt himself losing his mind. Feelings of confusion, shock, perhaps even anger and disgust, made his belly contract in denial. For a person who feels so much and so intensely that sometimes it's overwhelming, Jimin had felt nothing at all when the 'incident' occurred. No, emotions only engulfed him the moment he was pulled into reality.  "Shit." Jimin blew out a breath as he let his head fall on the table. It was simply too much. Too much to deal with at that moment. Not to mention the fact that the exams were approaching and Jimin was loaded with assignments to deliver. It hardly even gave him time to breathe. Focused on his thoughts, Jimin didn't even realize that Namjoon had just arrived, trying to catch his attention by calling him. ''Jimin?'' Namjoon tried again as he slowly fanned his body. Jimin lifted his face and quickly recovered as he realized that Namjoon was right in front of him. He really had to stop wandering so much while working. ''I'm sorry, I-'' "What's up?" Namjoon interrupted, in a tone that showed concern as he placed the small namebadge on his black cloth. Jimin stared at him for a few seconds before sitting properly on the chair behind the counter and sighing briefly. Jimin liked Namjoon's voice. A voice in pink and red that blended into a propeller. It was a voice that warmed Jimin's heart in the softest way possible. Namjoon was a calm, sensible person, and probably the one with the most incredible mind Jimin had ever seen. He had a great admiration and respect for Namjoon. He was an organized and complex person, and sometimes Jimin wished he could be like him in that aspect. ''It's just... too much on my shoulders right now. '' ''You work too hard.'' "So do you." Jimin gave him a friendly smile as he got up from the comfortable chair so he could organize the books on their respective shelves. When he returned to Namjoon again, Jimin removed the badge with his name and placed it next to the old computer. "You should show up at the party tonight. To relax a little.'' ''I don't that's a good idea...'' he replied, scratching the back of his head. "One night won't hurt, Jimin. Me and Jin are going to be there. It would be good to have your company as well.'' Jimin's thick lips tore slightly, showing a small smile as he nodded, promising inwardly that he would think about Namjoon's proposal. 
One night wouldn't hurt. 
 Saying goodbye, Jimin left the place.        The EDM music penetrated Jimin's ears, giving him a vision of bright flourescent colors that combined in a colorful explosion along with the lights that illuminated the entire pavilion. He wandered through the crowd of sweaty, drunken bodies that moved to the sound of the music, being pushed constantly before finally reaching the place he wanted to reach. Namjoon and Seokjin were standing by the huge counter - full of colorful drinks- , both holding a glass of a reddish-colored drink as they danced to the music. Jimin almost stopped himself from interrupting that moment. "Jimin, you decided to come!" He could see that Namjoon had already been affected by the alcohol, simply because of the change on the tone of his voice. ''I couldn't disappoint my dear boss,'' Jimin said loudly, so that his voice could be heard over the noisy music as a broad grin ripped at his chubby face. ''Well, thank you for being excited to see me as well.'' The blond-haired boy commented, playfully as he approached to cherish Jimin with a warm and inviting hug. ''You know it's always a pleasure to see you, Jin hyung.'' ''Hoseok is here, too. Probably dancing around. '' Jimin peered through the crowd trying to find his best friend's familiar face. Knowing, however, that it would be a failure. "You should follow his example." Namjoon blinked at him in amusement before letting out a small laugh. "With the help of a good drink, of course." ''Sounds good to me, '' he quickly replied, feeling his festive spirit finally dominate his body. It was nice to be able to leave the pressure of college and all the many worries for later, just for one night. Jimin hadn't had a chance to have fun with his friends, take a drink, and enjoy relax for a long time. Approaching the counter, with a defiant and confident smile on his lips, he finally asked for a Purple Hooter. Jimin was absolutely in love with the combination of vodka with black raspberries and bitter taste of lime juice. After ingesting the first one, the second and third followed. With the small glass still fixed between his delicate fingers, Jimin waved at Namjoon and Seokjin, warning that he would be back soon. Walking through the crowd, once again - not taking his delicious drink away from his lips while he did - Jimin searched for Hoseok, a task that turned out to be more difficult than expected. When Jimin noticed, all the beautiful purple liquid had disappeared from the glass and the alcohol began to run through his veins, warming his loose side. Wild. He felt the need to dance, to let go, to forget. Putting the glass down on one of the available tables, he staggered to the dance floor. Jimin's body moved slowly and sensually to the sound of the loud music, his eyes completely closed so he could feel the intensity, and all the emotions of the moment running high. One of his hands pulled back his hair - recently gray because, somehow, he thought that a makeover would eventually give him some confidence - while the other slid slowly from the back of his neck , and traveled along his chest and perfectly sculpted abs - noticeable through the white fabric of his thin and white sweater. At this point, Jimin had already removed his coat and trown it somewhere in the pavilion. Jimin was lost. Lost in himself. Completely drunk by the sense of freedom. Frantic heart, his lips deliciously parted, and Jimin could feel dozens of glances over him. Looks that appreciated him - others not so much - and that made him feel wanted. Wanted. If Jimin wasn't completely drunk and too involved in that overwhelming feeling, he could probably feel shy, perhaps embarrassed. But he had never felt so good in the last three years of college, and for brief hours there was no exams, no work, no Taehyung, and any other shit that bothered him. It was just him and the music.      At the end of the night, Jimin eventually found Hoseok, with whom he shared a daring and charismatic dance, a pleasant conversation and the most delicious shots. However, Jimin had lost his best friend to a muscular brown-haired boy who had been too interested in getting to know him better. Interest that had turned out to be mutual. At least Hoseok could have extra fun. Namjoon and Seokjin eventually quit earlier because "they had something to do." Jimin laughed inwardly at the thought. Despite the attempts of description, they couldn't have been more obvious. Jimin was now alone and drunk. But, slightly more sober than before, hadn't Hoseok forced him to drink a bottle of water before going away with his new friend. He left the place, feeling the cold attack his frail body - and that was when he regretted taking his damn coat off - as he walked quietly on the sidewalk toward the bedroom. 
Be careful. If you need anything, call me. 
  Jimin could hear the concern of Hoseok's voice still lingering in his mind as he walked. His teeth clenched frantically and his body shook like never before. The sound of the icy night wind produced beautiful shades of navy blue and dark blue, all mixed in small circles that attacked his vision and danced from top to bottom. ''Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you.'' Jimin could hear as his unprotected body approached the large dormitory building. With a raised eyebrow, Jimin tried to figure out who the male figure was, sitting on the stone wall, with a bottle of beer stuck between his fingers, wasn't his blurred vision of the alcohol deceiving him. When the distance was reduced, he felt his stomach contract. What the hell was Taehyung doing there? "Jiminie, you're here." The affectionate nickname left Jimin's head dizzy. He felt that something really wasn't right. He was drunk and without enough patience to put up with another drunken man, especially if that man was Taehyung. Pulling the keys from the back pocket of his black jeans, and leaving part of his body unprotected from the cold, Jimin tried to open the door that led into the warm interior of the building. He could only think about the comfort of his bed and the few hours he would sleep, since classes began at 9AM for him. A squeeze - not too strong but strong enough to keep him from moving forward - was felt in his arm. ''Let go.'' ''My life is so fucking miserable.'' Taehyung let out in a typical drunken outburst, before he let out a loud laugh. However, his eyes mirrored a deep, empty sadness. With his other hand, he carried the bottle of beer to his filthy lips, and he could swallow the rest of the drink before sending it roughly to the floor. The glass broking in a thousand pieces. ''What the hell do you think you're doing?! Leave me alone!" Jimin waved his arm, finally letting go of the Taehyung's grip, who turned away, leaning against the yellow wall of the building now. Jimin was preparing to enter, when his subconscious made him retreat, releasing a heavy, annoyed sigh. ''Go home.'' ''I don't have a fucking home.'' The gray-haired boy's eyebrows twitched. What the hell was he saying? In addition to making him 100 times more unbearable, did the alcohol also bring him temporary amnesia? "Stop being an idiot, go home," Jimin repeated, without patience. ''My fucking father kicked me out. Isn't that ironic? "A cynical, forced, venomous grin rested now on his dry lips. ''And my mother didn't even want to know. Fucking family.'' ''You deserve it.''  ''Yeah. Maybe I do.''Jimin stared at him for a few seconds, not uttering a single word. He shrugged and stepped in, leaving Taehyung behind. And it was at the very moment that the key ran in the lock, that Jimin felt a new and unfamiliar feeling for the hazel-eyed boy. Pity. It was in these kinds of situations that he felt cursed by being such a good person, even to those who didn't deserve it. Jimin hurried down the long stairs to the first floor, only to find Taehyung leaning against the wall, his eyes closed, his lips partially separated, and motionless. Bringing his knees to his chest, Jimin lowered himself slightly, so that his height was level with Taehyung's, he waved his motionless body, trying to catch his attention, an attempt that turned out to be a failure. He couldn't leave him there. Not when it was -4 degrees on the street and the dark sky threatened to break into beautiful, icy snowflakes soon. Jimin wasn't gruff enough to let him freeze. Even if, for some reason, he deserved it. Jimin sighed and carefully placed the damned boy's arms around his neck, and his legs around his thin waist, using all the strength he had - and the strength he hadn't - to carry Taehyung on his back. When he decided to do such a solidarity act, he has never imagined that carrying a dead weight on his back to the 3rd floor without an elevator would be the most tiresome and difficult task he had to do in the last three years. As he stepped into his small dorm, Jimin felt the comfortable, warm, familiar hot air embrace his body. It felt good to be back. At this point, and with his terrible headache, he only wanted to land on bed, sleep, and never wake up. Jimin finally laid the brown-haired boy on the small sofa at the hall, his back screaming in relief. He walked to the bedroom closet and pulled out a set of sheets and a warm blanket that he placed gently on Taehyung's sleeping body. Jimin's hand rested lightly on the boy's pale, lifeless cheek, then raised his eyebrows when he realized how cold it was. For how long had he been on the street alone and in the cold? A cloth, doused with hot water, was carefully prepared and laid on his forehead. His bangs now wet, as well as his face from the crystalline drops that roamed and warmed his skin. Certainly, it would have some effect later. Asleep, Taehyung seemed harmless. Jimin would even say, innocent. His purplish lips curled perfectly in a pout, eyelashes that caressed his cheekbones, cheeks full and chubby, and one eye half open. A small smile struck Jimin's lips for a few seconds, the same one that was quickly forced to disappear when he realized how ridiculous it was. The alcohol could only have driven him crazy. Jimin sighed briefly and walked in short, slow steps toward the bedroom, wearing his pajamas and letting himself be comforted by the warm sheets of his bed, after. His heavy eyelids closed, finally, and Jimin tried to fall asleep. However, his difficult habit of thinking too much, eventually interfered. What would Taehyung's reaction be when he woke up? What was the reason why Taehyung's father told him to leave? And why didn't his mother interfere? Why was Taehyung... Taehyung... Taehyung. "Fuck." Jimin rolled under the blankets, trying to find the perfect position to relax. The only thing he needed to do was stop thinking. Just that. It wasn't that hard. Jimin could do that. And when he noticed, it had been thirty minutes, and Jimin cursed that damn party. If he hadn't gone, he would be sleeping by now, he wouldn't have this terrible headache, and he wouldn't have to deal with Taehyung again. After many sighs and turns and more turns on the bed, Jimin finally managed to fall asleep, not thinking about the precious and insufficient 2 hours of sleep that he would use to rest.



Chapter End Notes
Here's another chapter! I hope you enjoyed.Comments and kudos will be much appreciated. Find me on twt or tumblr @/sovlmataes !!


Chapter 5
Chapter Notes
hi guys! So, before this chapter starts, I just want to tell y'all that everything that happens in this specific chapter has a meaning and it will be explained as the plot goes on! Also, it's important to remind that Jungkook is also a main character and he has a big and important role. He's kinda Taehyung's balance.  And that's it, I hope you enjoy it!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Taehyung looked up at the sky one last time - the intense yellow and orange color of the sun that plunged among the huge buildings; the top of the sky colored by beautiful pastel shades. A sigh left his lips as he finally entered the huge mansion, letting the warmth of the interior embrace his body. His gaze swept down the spacious hall, watching every detail as if it was the first time, before finally climbing the huge staircase to the upper floor. As he approached his familiar room, Taehyung stopped in front of another door. A door that was never open. Hesitantly, his hand moved closer to the beautiful, varnished wood that separated him from the room on the other side and the person who was taking refuge in it, preparing to knock lightly. However, his subconscious prevented him. He could simply do it, but the lack of an answer would only act like a knife against his chest once again. Humiliation and sadness would only corrupt his soul even more. It wasn't like that was going to make any difference. It wasn't as if Taehyung hadn't tried before. But it came a time when he simply stopped insisting. If his mother wanted to see him, she would come to him. Taehyung thought that way, maybe. He couldn't remember the last time he'd seen his mother smile. He missed the moments when they used to cook together in the big kitchen. He missed the long conversations at dawn when they shared secrets and worries. Taehyung just missed it all. He had everything, and suddenly, everything disappeared. Now, rare were the times when they both exchanged words. And rare were the times when his mother abandoned the darkness and sadness of that damn room. Biting his bottom lip tortuously in a sign of nervousness, Taehyung eventually walked away, his steps making the old wood of the floor crack. However, the irritating sound of the door made itself heard - something that made him wide-eyed in surprise. "Taehyungie." His mother's husky and weak voice spoke in a whisper almost inaudible, but audible enough that Taehyung could hear and shiver at the familiar nickname. The hazel of his eyes - now slightly lighter because of the lights that illuminated the hall - now focused on the small female silhouette in front of him. Poorly groomed hair, purplish bags beneath her eyelids. Taehyung knew that she had been crying, wasn't the emptiness and redness of her eyes fooling him. His heart ached when he saw the state in which his mother - a person who used to be so full of life, a person who used to spread joy wherever she used to go - was. ''Moth-'' "You have to leave, Taehyungie," the fragile voice interrupted, not daring to look Taehyung in the eyes, as she watched a white envelope that was wrapped between her trembling and pale fingers. ''Leave? I don't ... I don't understand. " He quirked his eyebrows sharply, confused at the unreasonable words that were uttered. "You have to leave home, Taehyungie. Your father ... Your father is very angry at you and.. You know I tried everything so that this wouldn't happen but-'' ''Are you kicking me out?'' Taehyung asked, incredulous, as if his mind hadn't yet correctly processed what was happening. He tried to move closer and reduce the distance between the two bodies, but his mother eventually moved away, leaning his back against the door. "It's only for a few days... Until your father calms down. He managed to get you temporary room in the college dormitory and... and I'll send you mone- '' ''I don't want the fucking money, mom.'' Anger was racing through his veins as he clenched his fists desperately. ''Look at you, why don't you leave with me? Why?!'' Taehyung's high tone made his mother close her eyes drastically, curling up against the corner of the door, so she could hide her face from his furious and sad gaze as she murmured a small "I can't leave your father alone.'' ''But can you continue to suffer? To make me suffer?! You know what he did!'' ''Taehyungie ... please don't make things more complicated-'' "Fuck!" His lower lip trembled sharply with the anger and nervousness that controlled his self, while a clenched fist suddenly found the horrible wallpaper that covered the whole corridor. His breath quickly made itself heard. He watched the white envelope carefully placed on the carpet before his mother could disappear once more into the darkness of the room. Taehyung held the small object and wondered whether he should cease his anger by tearing the white paper or whether he should just give up. The second option seemed more appropriate at the time. In hurried footsteps, not bothering to take some of his personal possessions with him, Taehyung left the mansion that had brought him so much anguish, slamming the door with all his strength before he left with a cigarette between his lips. Taehyung felt abandoned once again. He felt despised, humiliated. He felt renegade, unloved. But it was nothing he wasn't familiar with. Feelings like this would only make him stronger. Or break him completely. He wasn't going to cry. No, he wasn't weak anymore.          His body moved beneath the warm blankets that protected his body and comforted him warmly. The drops of hot water that rolled down his face, eventually awakened his consciousness. The hazelnut in his eyes was slowly revealed, just so Taehyung could realize that he wasn't lying on his bed. Or on Jungkook's. Or that it wasn't even a bed at all. Taehyung pulled the blankets roughly to partially cover his face, almost in an automatic movement. 
What the hell? 
 His gaze peeked over the blankets, vaguely observing the place and managing to immediately recognize that it was one of the college dorms. But it wasn'tt Jungkook's. And if it wasn't Jungkook's ... Then whose was it? Taehyung hurriedly removed the warm wet cloth covering his forehead and sent it over to the small table beside the couch where he laid, only to find a change of clothes and hot coffee. Taehyung's eyebrows quickly knit together as he pushed the blankets away to get up. His mind completely dominated by the most numerous questions. 
Whose dorm was that? Why was he there? Why the hell was he with an unbearable headache? 
 Taehyung walked in slow steps through the small dormitory, always with clenched fists and ready to attack if someone suspected appeared. An eyebrow raised in suspicion. When he entered the non-spacious room, he could only observe a wardrobe, a single bed, and numerous frames scattered on the walls, which aroused a special curiosity in Taehyung. "Fucking Park," he chuckled as he partially closed his eyes to take a closer look at the photographs that decorated the walls. Taehyung recognized Jimin in all of them, probably accompanied by family and friends. His tongue caressed his lower lip, moistening it, before leaving the room, confused. He eventually realized that he was the only one who was in that place. ''What the hell am I doing here?'' A question that should have remained between his thoughts. Taehyung studied the small table once more. That could only be a joke. Yes, a stupid joke, which was beginning to irritate Taehyung in an incalculable way. Why the hell would Park Jimin let him sleep in his dorm and still leave him clean clothes and a thermos with coffee for him to use? Would he like to prove something? Worse, was he expecting something in return? When Taehyung prepared to call Jungkook, he realized that his phone had run out of battery, and images from the previous day began to be reproduced inside his mind. 
Mother. Father. Expelled from home. Tobacco. Alcohol. Completely drunk.
 "Fuck." Taehyung blew out a heavy sigh. If only he could remember what happened after he'd drunk those six bottles of beer. Maybe, just maybe, it would explain why he was in the dormitory of the detestable Park Jimin. He couldn't explain the anger that consumed him at the moment and that led him to leave the place in hurried steps, not worrying that he still had the same clothes, which still smelled like alcohol and tobacco. He really was starting to get sick of Park Jimin.        It had been a long morning for Jimin. After three hours of Astrophysics, he was completely exhausted. The headache that hadn't left him since he fell asleep last night didn't help either. Jimin carried his bag over his shoulder as he walked alongside Hoseok toward the dance room, where he would be able to relax a bit before the class he was going to take in two hours. He hadn't told Hoseok what had happened the night before. He hadn't told him that he had taken Taehyung into his own dormitory, and that, incredible as it may seem, he had taken care of him. He was more than aware that he would end up getting scolded and, honestly, Jimin didn't need one. Not that Hoseok had no reason to do so. Jimin, himself, knew that what he had done was completly crazy, and that very soon he would take the consequences when he met Taehyung. And that was something he didn't even want to think about. So he just listened to Hoseok talk about his new friend and how his night had been incredible. Deep inside, Jimin felt jealous by having to deal with a major problem, while his best friend had one of the best nights of his life. "You should go out with someone too, and drop out college and work for a second. Just one second." Hoseok said in his usual lively tone before pushing Jimin gently with his shoulder. "I don't have time for that. And who would ever want to go out with me? "A pleasant laugh abandoned Jimin's fleshy lips, the warm sweater had finally left his body, exposing his hard, toned muscles before dressing his usual tank top. ''Oh please. I saw the way everyone was delighted while seeing you dance last night. I could almost see drool fall from their mouths. I bet half of the people who were there would give everything so you could fuck-'' "Shut up." Jimin rolled his eyes dramatically, a small smirk playing on his lips. He didn't want to boast, but Jimin was well aware of the effect his dancing had had on the people who watched him. He had felt it himself. The desire that radiated, the appreciation that was perfectly noticeable in the brightness of their eyes. However, Jimin wasn't the kind to believe that people would want him if he introduced himself as he really is. In fact, 85% of people didn't even know he existed and this could only be a sign. ''C'mon, when was the last time you got laid? Your bad mood is starting to show up.'' And with that, Jimin took one of his fists to Hoseok's chest playfully, before letting out a loud laugh, leaving the balneary and walking toward the dance room, being followed by his best friend who continued to question his sexual life.        The door of the balneary was abruptly opened, causing a noise that made Jimin shrink slightly against his locker before following the source of the sound with his gaze. He swore that his heart could leap out of his chest at any moment when he saw the annoying and intimidating figure of Taehyung - notably dominated by anger - enter the place. ''You and you. Get the fuck out of here. Now," he said in an authoritative voice, pointing to Hoseok and then to Minsu, a young man who also participated in the dance classes. Minsu was the first to relent, leaving the place hastily, but Hoseok was resilient, even daring to laugh as he shook his head from side to side. ''Excuse me?'' "Get the fuck out. Or do you need me to force you out? '' Jimin could see that Taehyung's eyes were darker than usual; almost black. Hoseok looked at him for a few seconds and Jimin merely nod, saying he would be ok and then his best friend eventually abandoned the balneary, leaving him alone with his worst nightmare. Taehyung hastened to lock the door, worried, perhaps, of the lack of 'privacy'. Jimin felt his own body tremble and he wasn't sure whether it was from nervousness or being without a sweater, hadn't he just taken a hot shower. "What the hell do you want from me, Park?" Taehyung's tongue played inside his own mouth, an impenetrable look completely focused on Jimin that simply leaned against the wall, trying to keep the distance between his body and the other boy's. ''I have no idea what you're talking about.'' An ironic, venomous laugh echoed in the silence of the place, Taehyung's hair slowly pulled back as he paced back and forth in calm steps. ''Are you kidding me? Why the hell did I wake up in your dorm?" Taehyung's voice said slowly, bothering to pause between words. The distance between the two bodies was eventually reduced as Taehyung approached, placing both hands on the wall where Jimin's back relaxed. ''Why the hell do you keep showing up in my life? Why don't you just disappear for good?" Jimin could swear that his body burned under Taehyung's dangerous gaze, which watched him from head to toe, until finally rest on his eyes. He swallowed and let his eyebrows knit together. The distance between their faces was too tempting. Jimin knew it, and the memories of what happened last time had dominated his mind. ''Me? You can only be kidding me. It was you who showed up. And you didn't even want to let me in the fucking dorm! Maybe I should have let your ass freeze instead." Jimin spat mercilessly, beginning to lose his temper at the useless accusations he was being subjected to. ''You continue to show up in my fucking life even when I asked you to leave me alone.'' The hazel-eyed boy blinked repeatedly, almost as if he wanted to realize what was being told to him. ''You're lying.'' ''Shut up. Seriously, shut up and leave me alone! I had enough of you.'' Jimin nearly screamed as his hands pressed hard against Taehyung's chest, trying to push him away, something that turned out to be impossible at the moment. ''Then why did you help me? '' Jimin looked at the boy's face in front of him for a few seconds, as if he was having difficulty in finding an answer, which was already more than obvious to him. A simple '' because I'm not like you '' or '' I'm a good person '' or even a '' I don't know ''. But he felt unable to utter a single word, as if they were trapped in his throat. "Why did you help me?" The dark-haired boy repeated in a dangerous whisper and a shiver ran through Jimin's burning skin. That damn sepia voice. Taehyung's breathing was heavy and unsteady, mingling with his own in a warm and - amazingly - perfect harmony. "Just leave me alone." A new attempt was placed on Taehyung's chest, eventually pulling him slightly so that Jimin could once again approach his locker and wear the warm sweater that was inside of it. However, a tight grip around his wrist made itself feel and prevented his body from moving, and Jimin quickly felt it against the wall. And, at that very moment, he thought that situations like that happened more than what he actually wished. And it was then that he felt his own breathing cease for a few seconds, as Taehyung let his lips meet his own in a gentle kiss, daring to move them slowly. For the first time, Jimin felt, heard something. Something completely different. Something that consumed him and involved him immediately. Something that carried him to a distant reality and the only thing he could hear was the sound of the ocean crashing on the sand, mingled with the most beautiful and addictive melody he'd ever heard. Jimin felt lost and completely yielded to that new sensation, eventually moving his rosy lips against Taehyung's, and following the slow movements he performed. It was as if his subconscious now commanded his body and gave in to his most forbidden desires. Maybe it was the lack of attention, maybe it was just the fascination with that new feeling, but Jimin had no intention to stop. Not now that he was already so immersed in the moment. One of his hands settled on the back of Taehyung's neck, his fingers delicately caressing the small hair that covered the whole area; while the other held the black fabric of his cloth tightly, holding it between his fingers. The kiss was deepened the moment Taehyung dared to bring his tongue to meet Jimin's, wrapping them in the most erotic, dangerous and tempting dance he'd ever felt. Taehyung's mouth was addictive, sinful, and Jimin felt like he was just getting drunk. Or completely drugged.  The moment the kiss was broken, the place was filled with suffocating, jagged breaths, Jimin's hand - still resting on Taehyung's strong chest - was accompanied by its' accelerated movements as he tried, at all costs, to catch his breath. ''I fucking hate you.'' "Why did you kiss me?" Jimin's eyes were noticeably immersed in the desire that burned in his veins and made his body its own puppet. "Again." Jimin's fingers trailed through Taehyung's soft hair, forcing his face to approach his once more. ''Do you want me?'' "You're the last person I'd ever want." His firm voice made Jimin shiver for the thousandth time. His head fell back and his lips parted. ''The last person.'' ''Oh yeah?'' Both Taehyung and Jimin thought inwardly that they could only have gone crazy. Yes, there was no better explanation for what was happening than this one. But, after all, what the hell was going on? None of them could answer. ''Yeah.'' Jimin's gaze, filled with the most sinful luxury, challenged Taehyung - a challenge that had already been lost even before it began. Desperately, the dark-haired boy let his thirsty mouth met Jimin's, enveloping it in a wild, forbidden kiss. ''Are you sure?'' Jimin teased, through the kiss, taking both his hands to Taehyung's long and delicious neck, letting his fingers draw imaginary lines over his smooth, warm skin. ''Shut the fuck up.'' Taehyung pressed both his hands on Jimin's thin waist, exerting a slight pressure to be able to hold him in his lap - the height difference now barely perceptible - and pin him against the wall, Jimin's legs around his own waist. Taehyung's thirsty lips slid now to the firm, perfectly drawn line of Jimin's jaw, sending countless wet kisses all over that area, and forcing Jimin to utter the most delicious moan. And in the emptiness of his mind, Jimin thought about how ironic that situation was. But, who was he to stop now? Taehyung pushed Jimin's small hand away as he tried to caress the cheekbones of his face, then positioned it over his chest as he pronounced a small "don't touch my face." Jimin grunted inwardly, however, he didn't bother to question such attitude, eventually bringing his fleshy lips to Taehyung's ear and letting his teeth torture and nibble his delicious lobe. A hoarse growl was muffled against Jimin's skin, causing an electric shock that ran through his body and took possession of it, weakening it. His frail body was resting on the floor again, but Taehyung didn't dare to cut off the contact with the gray-haired boy. His lips traced an invisible line of kisses from his neck - going to Jimin's hard, aroused nipples to slowly suck each one of them - before stopping over his toned abs. Taehyung's tongue dared to explore that area, sliding slowly over his skin, to give Jimin the most pleasurable sensation. Jimin was a complete mess. It was simply too many sensations, too many sounds, too many colors that invaded his mind and the depths of his eyes. He felt completely lost and torn between what was right and what was wrong but that did him so well. With his head slumped against the wall behind him and his lips parted, Jimin finally let out desperate but low moans, something that encouraged Taehyung to continue with his actions. "S-Stop ... teasing," he warned, his fast breath making it difficult for him to communicate. Even though he couldn't see it, he felt a small smirk form on Taehyung's lips before his hands skillfully unlaced the button of his dark jeans and slipped the heavy cloth along his thick thighs. Jimin let out a sigh of relief. His erection, now perfectly noticeable, fought only against the black fabric of his boxers. "Fuck, your thighs." Taehyung praised and Jimin felt his face warm up dramatically, knowing that now a pink color was painting the area of his cheeks and nose. He had to admit that compliments had always had a great effect on him. The skin of his inner thighs was painfully and pleasantly tortured by Taehyung's lips as they sucked and nibbled at that area for brief seconds. With his knees resting on the floor of the filthy place, Taehyung forced one of his hands against Jimin's abdomen, preventing him from letting his body - weakened - fall forward. His wet tongue slowly caressed the purple marks that now covered the gray-haired boy's pale skin. ''F-Fuck. Just suck... mhm... my fucking dick." He whimpered at Taehyung's taunts. That was just too much. Just too much. ''Shh. Or do you want your friends to know how needy you are?'' Taehyung eventually mouthed Jimin's lenght , still completely covered by the black cloth. Jimin's delicate fingers stroked Taehyung's dark hair, his eyes closed tightly in order to enjoy the sensation to its fullest. Taehyung's fingers were wrapped around Jimin's cock and pressed gently, letting his palm bump his hard and desperate erection, which twisted involuntarily against his wet lips. ''You are so sensitive.'' Letting his hand invade the inside of Jimin's boxers, Taehyung finally removed his sensitive erection. "And you got such a beautiful dick," he growled through his teeth, not long before wrapping Jimin's cock around his lips, sucking the hard head as his available hand traveled to Jimin's ass, which was mercilessly grabbed and massaged. ''Fuck... T-That's so good.'' A small hum was muffled by Jimin's hard cock, which caused a vibration throughout the whole area and made the frail boy moan pleasantly - moans that were quickly covered by his teeth that painfully trapped his lower lip. Seeing the state in which Jimin was, defenseless, submissive to his actions, caused a wave of pleasure and satisfaction to flow through Taehyung's body as he let his mouth sink into his colleague's delicious and thick erection. He had to admit that Jimin really had an incredible dick. Taehyung's lips began to move slowly along his entire length, sucking and blowing slowly. Until he decided to join his tongue to offer the jimin the best of the sensations. His hand eventually abandoned the smooth skin of his ass, now moving towards the top of his cock, bumping hard as his mouth bobbed and licked the remaining area. He could feel his own dick stiffen against the fabric of his pants and, feeling the most sinful of sensations dominate his body, Taehyung growled, followed by a small and husky moan. ''Mhm... G-Go faster. I-I need to feel... anh... everything.'' Obeying the instructions given to him, Taehyung's movements were eventually accelerated, sucking Jimin's cock like he had never done with anyone else before. His cheeky tongue slid slowly over his head and then towards his balls. And it was at that very moment that Jimin felt the lower part of his abdomen contract and he knew that it wouldn't be long until he fell apart into a pleasurable orgasm. ''Taeh- Taehyung, I'm- I'm cumming'' 


''I know.'' The tightness in Taehyung's hair grew stronger as Jimin felt the absence of the thirsty and delicious lips that enveloped him until only a few seconds ago, and now only Taehyung's hand was working, making fast and prolonged movements along his length. It wasn't long before a hoarse, loud moan filled the emptiness of the balneary, announcing that Jimin had reached his climax, the warm cum reaching Taehyung's lips and cheeks, who hurried to slide his tongue along the affected area to remove it. Jimin's chest moved abnormally, his heart pounding against his chest, and his head was dizzy. His body gave in, exhausted, sliding along the wall, until the ground stopped him. "Fuck," he breathed into a murmur, the brownish shade of his eyes was finally revealed and his lips were frantic. He felt the pressure of Taehyung's gaze resting on him. A look he couldn't decipher. Regret? Maybe confusion. Jimin couldn't say. "I ... I have to go" his husky voice pronounced, hands pressed to the floor so he could get up and leave the room, looking once more at Jimin's figure before crossing the door. And it was when reality hit Jimin like a bomb. How could he have been so idiot? How could he have been so weak? He felt humiliated. Destroyed.  With his eyebrows together, Jimin hastened to clean himself and put on his clothes - which had never been so filthy - before sitting on one of the available benches with his head resting on his palms. And that was just another reason that made him hate Taehyung. One among many others. And now he had only one more to hate himself as well. He should have never given in. A small tear filled with fear and regret burned Jimin's face and he felt as if he were about to break. How could something so pleasurable, something that had given him the best feeling he'd ever felt, be so wrong?      For the next days, Jimin didn't dare go to college, too embarrassed to see whoever it was. Especially Taehyung. Fuck college, right? He just couldn't handle everything at the same time. It was better to come up with a last-minute excuse and say that he was sick, which also excused him from the work at the library. Namjoon had been too caring, wishing that Jimin would feel better soon. Something that made him feel guilty for lying. But what else could he do? Tell the truth? Say that he felt humiliated for being left behind after letting Taehyung fucking suck his dick? No, Jimin would never be able to do that. That would be just another humiliation which he wouldn't be submitted to.  And, in the heat of his blankets, Jimin let himself sink into his small sea of regret.         All the anger and stress were converted into countless and violent punches against the big red boxing bag suspended by a chain from the ceiling. The big object was traveling quickly from one side to the other, and Taehyung's body followed its movements. Crystalline drops of sweat rolled along his skin. His gaze glanced vaguely at Jungkook's figure, who was sleeping - perhaps uncomfortably -on the old, broken sofa in the shed. Taehyung thought inwardly that these last days would have been hard for him. And, deep inside, Taehyung knew that he too had some of the blame. It had been hard times for him, too. With all the agitation of the examinations, the acts of vandalism - which became increasingly dangerous and violent - the fact that he didn't have an actual home anymore, hadn't he promised that he would never enter that place again if it wasn't to take his mother with him. Taehyung felt weakened, impotent, because he was depending on Jungkook at the moment. Most of the clothes he wore were his best friend's, weren't his pride and stubbornness s preventing him from coming back to that house to get some of his possessions. However, Taehyung had ended up spending more time with Jungkook, who every night showed up in his dorm to share pizza or instant noodles while both watched the boring movies that Jungkook always recommended. It turned out to be quite enjoyable and prevented Taehyung from feeling so lonely. His sweaty forehead rested on the material that formed the boxing bag, and his eyes closed slowly, trying to catch his breath. Jimin's image popped into his mind. The disappointment in his gaze as Taehyung left him on that filthy floor, completely unprotected. But what was Jimin expecting? A comforting kiss or that Taehyung simply stood there for him? Taehyung wasn't like that. And that whole situation was pretty fucking confusing for himself as well. And as for Jimin, there was nothing left but regret. Shaking his head from side to side, trying, somehow, to dispel the thoughts that bothered him, Taehyung's fists worked back into the boxing bag, delivering now more violent and precise punches. ''Hey, take it easy.'' The low, familiar voice made Taehyung's movements calm down, and he wiped the sweat from his forehead with the back of his hand as he focused all his attention on the figure who had just entered the shed. Taehyung raised an eyebrow at the new color that filled Yoongi's hair. ''New color?'' ''A guy needs to change, from time to time.'' Taehyung watched Yoongi approach quietly so he could greet him with a short hug. ''Black suits you better. It isn't so ... gaudy.'' Yoongi let a low laugh drop his lips as he sat on the floor, his back leaning perfectly against the wall. His gaze watched Jungkook briefly before his attention returned to Taehyung once more. "And what's the plan for tonight?" Yoongi asked, a curious tone noticeably present in his voice. Taehyung wet his lips lightly as he moved his tense, wounded fingers from the various punches on the bag, trying to relax them. The sweaty sweater was quickly removed and carelessly thrown to a small table, filled with an ashtray full of cigarette butts and a few empty bottles of beer. ''I want to ruin my fath- his company.'' 
My father. 
 "Is this some kind of revenge?" Yoongi asked, though he knew exactly what the answer was. Taehyung didn't respond, however, merely pulling out a cigarette and holding it between his lips, eventually sitting on the old couch next to Jungkook, who was still sleeping soundly. His available hand laid on the warmth of his face, his long finger tracing a line along his cheek. " We have to be careful. He has more than just a few security guards watching over the whole building, but as you can guess, I know exactly what we have to do to avoid them." A confident smirk was then drawn on his dry lips, and the adrenaline rush began to flow inside of him. He was enthusiastic about the idea. Taking revenge on the man who had hurt his mother and himself so much, and still enjoy that magnificent feeling of power? Taehyung couldn't ask for better. ''Right. So... Maybe we should wake up the sleeping beauty to begin already-" Yoongi began, however, his words were quickly cut off by Taehyung's authoritative tone, who had uttered a firm 'no'. ''Tonight it's just you and me.'' ''Why?'' Taehyung looked at Jungkook once again. The way his cheek was crushed against the old couch was just lovely. ''He's not ready for something like this. Yet.'' And that was the truth. Taehyung knew that Jungkook would try to stop him and would certainly succeed. So he simply decided to leave him out of this operation. Just this time. He knew, too, that Jungkook would be really disappointed when he found out, but this was a risk that Taehyung had to take. ''Oh and Yoongi hyung? I'm going to need extra motivation.'' The look Taehyung gave him was enough for the small boy to realize what it was about. Yoongi couldn't remember the last time he had seen that special glow in Taehyung's hazelnut iris and he knew - deep inside he knew - that this was just the beginning for something overwhelming. 
Or simply, for Taehyung's own end.




Chapter End Notes
As a new writer, i'd really appreciate if y'all could leave a small comment so I can have an idea about my readers' opinions. It'd be really important for me.The chapters will become bigger and more insteresting from now on, it's a promise.Kudos will be much appreciated as well!Find me on twt and tumblr @/sovlmataes


Chapter 6
Chapter Notes
Here's another chapter! I'm sorry for taking so long but I had such an inspiration crisis these past days akjvb but it's finally done.This chapter was inspired by NF's ''Wake up'', it's a song, if y'all want to check it out!Please, pay attention to the small details, those will be really important.And that's it!!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




''Did you bring what I asked you for?'' Taehyung bit his bottom lip while the black-haired boy rummaged through the large bag he carried on his shoulder before throwing a small sack at him. Taehyung held the object gently, worrying to observe the contents. A fine white powder. A powder already familiar to his eyes. ''How much?'' ''40 mg.'' ''Well... it has to be enough.'' The thin crystalline powder was slowly deposited inside your mouth to be swallowed. Taehyung inevitably coughed, the substance scratching at his throat, something he had not been accustomed to for a long time. He wished, mentally, that the drug would not take too long to take effect. At least before he completely gave up on what would happen later. "You don't really care about anything, do you?" Yoongi's voice was low and the tone that pronounced those words showed some disbelief. Raising his eyebrow dramatically and tossing the small sack - now completely empty - to the ground, Taehyung watched the young man closely. ''I don't understand.'' "About you, about Jungkook. If some shit happens to you, he won't be able to handle it. And yet you continue to destroy your life.'' Those words seemed to have been turned into knives that attacked his heart ruthlessly, causing his chest to contract and his eyebrows to become one. What the hell was Yoongi trying to say? ''I love Jungkook.'' ''Do you?'' The bag that Taehyung carried on his shoulder - similar to Yoongi's - was abruptly thrown on the wet grass due to the rain as his tall figure approached the smaller boy, daring to grasp the black cloth of his sweater between his trembling fingers. ''Don't you dare questioning my love for him again." Yoongi could see the flame that controlled the actions of his friend inside his empty brown iris. He remained motionless, not daring to force himself against Taehyung's touch. "Right," Yoongi finally answered, after a long silent pause and a heavy sigh that escaped through his lips. "Let's just deal with what brought us here." Taehyung finally removed a black mask from the inside of the large bag - his usual black mask - before covering the features of his face with it. Yoongi eventually followed his actions, trapping his personal weapon between the waistband of his trousers before watching his friend. A map of the building was gently stretched out on the ground. It wasn't big, which could be both an advantage and a disadvantage at the same time. A small building would mean less time to execute what he had in mind but security guards would be a problem with which they had to deal. However, Taehyung knew perfectly well what to do. ''Downstairs there are five security guards. Two at the entrance. One at this point that gives access to the upstairs. And two at the back entrance." Taehyung spoke quietly, bothering to point to each of the places he described. ''On the second floor there are two as well and those are the ones we have to worry about. If we can't pass through them, we can't access the security system." A sharp look and a simple nod was the only thing he received when he focused his attention on Yoongi. And it was just then that Taehyung felt the effect of the drug begin to work. The euphoria and the sudden hyperactivity burning in her veins and spreading all over his body. "I'll deal with the downstairs. Make sure to get into the second floor as we previously agreed. You just have to release the gas and wait a few seconds.'' The map was put back inside the bag, and Taehyung now pulled out four small grenades and offered two of them to Yoongi, who quickly tucked them into their pockets. ''Maximum discretion. I don't want this shit fucked up because of you. We have about 60 minutes. The gas isn't so good but it was the best I could get.'' It was Taehyung's last warning before putting the suitcase back on his shoulder and walking towards the small building a few feet away from his discreet "hiding place."       Taehyung, hidden behind a large tree, watched the two men guarding the building. Dressed in black from head to toe, sunglasses, - even at night - arms crossed and legs apart, and an aurricular connected to the ears to be able to communicate with each other. He could feel his heart pounding inside his chest, as if it were ready to jump through his mouth at any moment, and Taehyung knew that it was just another consequence of the whitish substance he had ingested moments before. All the nervousness and stress had disappeared, being replaced by the magnificent enthusiasm, excitement and adrenaline, twice as strong as usual. Taehyung felt good like this. He felt alive. One of the grenades was delicately held by his long, icy fingers, and he quickly removed the safety pin that released the gas before throwing the heavy object towards the entrance, and watching the gas corrupt the cold air of the place, before hiding again behind the tree. Yoongi, on the other hand, approached - with his hand over his nose and mouth - on the opposite side of the street, with the privileged sight of the uniformed men falling motionless on the stone pavement seconds after. A small, discreet nod was enough for Taehyung to realize that the way was free to finally move forward. In hurried but careful steps, the hazel-eyed boy finally came close - bringing one of his hands to his face to protect himself from the mischievous gas - and indicated the way Yoongi had to follow as soon as they entered. His trembling fingers marked the code that would open the large glass doors and give them access to the interior. Taehyung knew that code as well as he knew the palm of his hand.The small, slender figure of Yoongi, completely covered in black cloth - like his own body - disappeared into the darkness of the beautiful garden that decorated the side of the building so he could clear the way. Taehyung only hoped he wouldn't ruin everything. Slow and silent steps were executed on the beautiful wood floor, while his curious gaze ran through the spacious and well-decorated space. He couldn't remember the last time he'd been here but he could remember how much he used to love that little building and the pride he used to feel about it. Feelings that had faded with time. He could almost hear his father's voice say, "One day, all of this will belong to you. One day you'll be as powerful as I am.'' inside his mind and he just managed to let out an inaudible laugh at the irony of the situation. The annoying sound of his cell phone ringing aroused him from his disturbing thoughts and activated the panic inside his chest. 
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
 Taehyung hastened to hold the electronic object between his thin, trembling fingers to be able to hang up the call, not even bothering to look at the number that was written along the screen - hasty to find a place to hide. If he ended up ruining everything he had in mind for his lack of care... His perfectly formed body found a way to shelter itself - from the look of whoever might appear and ruin his plans - behind one of the main service counters. The sound of heavy, wary footsteps was easily detected, making Taehyung's ears pop, a sound that mingled with the chaotic beating of his heart. His lower lip was snapped by his teeth, so that no sound could be emitted in the silence that dominated the place. And that was when... The bright light of the security's flashlight came to rest on his face, forcing his eyes to close almost automatically. He had to think of a quick solution and act fast. Damn the time he'd forgotten to turn off his cell phone. ''Hey, you!'' Taehyung heard the thick, authoritative voice of the security shout, as he forced his body to slide quickly under the counter to escape the muscled man. However, eventually failing. The man grabbed Taehyung by the waist and didn't need much effort to send him to the ground, his back crying sharply with the shining tile. "Who the hell are you?!" the security man asked in a non-discreet way as he pointed the light back to Taehyung's face in an attempt to observe his features, however, something that became impossible because of the mask he was wearing. Taehyung let out a loud laugh before raising one of his feet and leading it violently against the security guard's abdomen, which whined and cringed with pain. With the help of his hands on the ground, the hazel-eyed boy managed to get up in a swift motion. One of his clenched fists bumped violently against the well-defined jaw of the man in front of him, while the other hit his stomach again. The security man finally menaged to defend himself, pulling the weapon from his trousers and pointing it towards Taehyung's face. ''Go ahead,'' he ended up saying, a confident smile drawn on his lips that couldn't be seen under the man's furious gaze as he raised his hands in surrender. ''Shoot me.'' Taehyung watched the blood flowing along the security's jaw and staining the fabric of his uniform. One of his big hands eventually pulled the mask that covered his face, eventually revealing it. And it was before the surprised and shocked look of the security guard that Taehyung took the opportunity to hold one of the muscular man's arms behind his own back and with the other hand take the weapon away, which was intimidatingly aimed at him. Taehyung saw the papers reversed at that moment. Now it was the security man who showed himself in the threatened character. Keeping the weapon perfectly upright, Taehyung simply took his last grenade out of the bag, and sent it to the ground after removing the safety pin so that the gas could invade the space. One of his hands covered his face, as he had done before. He didn't even bother to check if the security had already lost his senses the moment he walked upstairs, hoping that Yoongi had already done his work. Something that came to be confirmed when Taehyung looked at the large broken window and two unconscious bodies on the floor. Yoongi waved at him, and Taehyung merely lifted his thumb, which mirrored the pleasure of a well-done job. The weapon he was carrying was carelessly tossed to the ground, and the dark-haired boy simply ran down the long corridor through many rooms until he reached his father's office. The sound of the door that divided the main hall - where the gas grenade was still active - of the remaining rooms could be heard and his gaze quickly caught the black-haired boy by his side. ''Important papers, files, computers, furniture, it doesn't matter. I want everything destroyed." His tongue slid along his dry lips, and Taehyung could feel the sweet taste that moment was giving him, as well as the euphoria offered by the drug. All the adrenaline. All the sensations that consumed him were all worth it. And in one part of his mind, Taehyung could imagine the look and expression of anger that the man he hated so much would show when he saw all that he had caused. ''Be careful.'' It was the only thing Yoongi said before he stepped inside of the security room to delete all the images that the cameras could have filmed. Taehyung continued into the office in front of him. As he entered, his gaze flickered over the place - this was already more than a habit. His fingers slid along the large wooden desk and all his attention was eventually focused on a small frame, properly placed next to the computer. The small object was gently held and Taehyung felt his own eyebrows twitch almost automatically as he watched the photograph. A family photo. His mother, he and his father together, happy. His thumb slid slowly along the glass that separated it from the photo, and for a few moments, Taehyung wished that everything could be that way again. For a few moments, he wished nothing had been destroyed. But now, only the memories were left. Memories that had been corrupted by hurt and anger. Memories that were thrown to the ground as abruptly as possible, breaking into a thousand pieces. And that was just the beginning.      Jimin decided to stop in the cozy dance room for the first time after the ''incident ''. Thinking about what had happened still gave him shivers and filled his mind with regret and negative thoughts, but he wanted, at all costs, to forget all of that - or at least try. He couldn't escape reality forever. His arms were lifted so that his tense muscles from a barely sleeping night and all the stress could relax for a few seconds. His slender body eventually crossed the small passageway and his eyes traveled along the spacious room only to realize that someone else was in the room - something that wasn't part of his plans. The brownish tone of his iris - filled with curiosity - watched the manly figure standing on the other side of the room, eventually recognizing Jungkook as he turned, perhaps with the same curiosity to see who had just entered. Jimin tried not to give too much importance and not be too bothered by Jungkook's tall, muscled figure, standing on the opposite side of the room, in front of the huge mirror. His body slowly moved - even without background music to guide him and command his movements - while his mind reproduced the delicate dance steps he had perfected days before. His delicate arms accompanied the art performed by his legs and waist, and Jimin felt his own thoughts being slowly thrown to the back of his mind. But his eyes opened almost automatically, and his body stopped moving when an annoying noise caught his attention. The brownish of his eyes was quickly revealed as he searched for the source of the noise that led him to find Jungkook, lying on the wooden floor. "Shit," Jungkook's soft voice said as one of his hands was placed on the top of his head, the other properly placed on the floor. Jimin raised his eyebrows sharply and watched the boy for a few seconds before, once again, being betrayed by his kindness, which led him to come to help him up. His hand stretched out towards Jungkook, hoping he would hold it. "Are you okay?" He asked in a low tone, a slight peak of concern in his voice. ''Yes, I'm fine.'' Jungkook's voice was a little different from the voices Jimin was accustomed to. This one was in a kind of round rainbow. A fact he found curious himself. Maybe Jungkook really had something unusual, but Jimin couldn't complain about what his voice showed him. Jungkook slowly stood up, denying Jimin's help, who quickly gathered his hand. His body, still weak, slowly reeled, and Jimin could almost swear that he wouldn't hold out for long without the support of some object he could grasp. In slow, silent steps, Jimin reduced the distance between the two bodies once more, being threatened by the dilemma of landing or not landing one of his hands on the other boy's back to help him. ''Maybe you need something to eat.'' ''I'm fine.'' Jungkook repeated, however, his words sounded lower this time. "I haven't eaten anything yet as well. I'll pay.'' Jungkook finally focused his hazy look on Jimin's attentive face, which now gave him a faint smile. Why not?      They both ended up sitting at one of the countless tables available, and it wasn't long before they were greeted by the servant who, with the most forced smile ever, asked them what they were going to take. Jungkook decided to order only a strong coffee with sugar, denying when Jimin tried to persuade him to order something else. Jungkook's vision seemed uncertain, forcing himself to look into every corner of the place except Jimin. His eyes seemed to mirror the confusion that gripped his thoughts, as if something really worried him. For someone who feels so much and so intensely, Jimin was also really good at reading people - most of the time - when he really bothered to do it. He felt uncomfortable with the embarrassing, breath-taking silence that dominated the atmosphere between them, his fingers drumming on the tabletop, while he tried at all costs to act normally or remain silent. Something that eventually became impossible after a few seconds. "You seem worried. If you want to talk about- '' Jimin tried to be as nice as possible, his tone showing some compassion. But his words were cut off when Jungkook dared to speak. Jungkook seemed to have become accustomed to this kind of attitude. First with Taehyung, then Yoongi and now Jimin. ''Why would I do that, Jimin? I don't know you that well, do I?"And, for the first time, Jungkook's melancholy gaze dared to meet Jimin's, who stared at him in confusion. However, Jimin knew he was right. Inwardly, he felt stupid for even asking such a question when he himself knew what the answer would be. After all, Jungkook had never done anything directly to him. It wasn't like it was with Taehyung. Even if he was friends with him and participated in his stupid plans, Jimin could say that Jungkook didn't seem, at all, a bad person. Maybe, just a lost kid in the world. "Fair enough." It was the only thing Jimin said, in a whisper, before holding his cup of hot coffee between the cold palms of his hands, leading the same to his lips to taste the delicious drink. They both remained silent until Jungkook decided to get up, looking at Jimin one last time. "Thank you for the coffee, Jimin." As his voice moved in front of his eyes, Jimin could recognize inwardly that his words were sincere. He only nodded slowly, before watching Jungkook's tall figure disappear to the outside of the coffee shop.      Jungkook felt irritated. Even worse, disappointed. Taehyung hadn't answer the ten calls he had made the night before, just to find out this morning - through Yoongi, who had fail to keep it a secret by accident - that his father's company had been vandalized. It was more than obvious to him who had been the culprit. Jungkook wasn't disappointed by the act itself. Thinking about everything they had done together, it wasn't something that surprised him. He was disappointed that Taehying hadn't trusted him. He was disappointed to have been left out. Pounding the stones along the way as he walked, Jungkook wandered among the college buildings, eventually crashing into some bodies. But not bothering to apologize. Being Taehyung's best friend, sometimes, was... complicated. Jungkook knew better than anyone. But the fact that their relationship was so strong couldn't stop him from feeling betrayed every time his friend did some stupid shit. No, Jungkook couldn't let the fear of losing him be stronger. Not this time. Jungkook heard a familiar voice in the distance, shouting his name in an attempt to stop his hurried, uncautious steps. However, he didn't stop. ''Jungkook?'' Taehyung's voice became perfectly perceptible as the distance between the two bodies was reduced, one of his hands wrapping his arm, trying, somehow, to stop him. And then he stopped. But his gaze remained focused on the path ahead. ''Are you okay?'' "I don't want to talk to you now." Jungkook mumbled, his voice expressing some coolness that made Taehyung's eyebrows rise in surprise. Deep down, he could guess the reason for that attitude. What worried him most at the moment. ''I need to be alone.'' ''Listen, Jungkook-'' ''We don't hide shit from each other! Never!" Jungkook's high voice caught the attention of some students who were nearby, and made Taehyung's chest contract sharply. ''Did you really think I wasn't going to find out?'' ''I knew you would try to stop me. Besides, I just wanted to protect you.'' ''Protect me from what?! If you have not noticed, I always agree with your plans, even if they put our safety in danger.'' "I had a fucking gun pointed to my head, Jungkook. It could have been you if I had told you. It's this kind of thing I don't want for you!" The tightening around Jungkook's arm intensified as Taehyung raised his voice, beginning to exalt himself with the discussion they were having.  After all, Taehyung knew he had made the right choice. But he didn't expect Jungkook to understand that. "I'm tired of you treating me like... like I'm just weak. I don't need ... I don't want you to protect me all the time." "I know you would do the same for me." Taehyung's hand slid along the thick sleeve that covered Jungkook's arm, daring to receive the comfort of his best friend's face when his hand was laid on it. His thumb slid slowly over his face, while his gaze watched closely at Jungkook's. But the disappointment was still perfectly present. ''We'll talk later.'' Taehyung missed the warmth of Jungkook's cheek the moment he stepped back and followed the path he had traveled previously, not bothering to look back. It was the first time that Jungkook had rejected the comfort of his touch, and that, somehow, made Taehyung's chest feel an inevitable weight and guilt. These were the consequences with which he would have to deal. But deep down, he didn't regret his decision.      Jimin felt that the books around him could swallow him or drown him at any moment. When he decided to aply for this course, he had never thought it would be so difficult. He had never thought it would give him so much work and occupy most of his days. He had never thought he'd have to study that much. Not that he didn't like it! But sometimes it was too much. A long breath dropped from his heavy lips as he pulled the glasses back on his face, trying to somehow improve his tired sight. His delicate fingers moved the soft sheets of the book, his attentive mind trying to get as much information as possible. However, such a task turned out to be difficult. Perhaps, a break wouldn't hurt. Jimin finally lifted his tired body from the small sofa while his fingers marked a certain number on the phone. He missed his family. He missed his mother's home cooking and his deep conversations with his father. He missed playing games with his brother and going out with his childhood friends. Jimin simply missed everything and couldn't wait for the moment he could come back. A sweet, familiar sensation embraced Jimin's body and a beautiful lilac - with little touches of yellow -moved in front of his eyes as Jimin heard his mother's voice on the other side of the line. An affectionate, genuine smile bloomed on his lips almost unexpectedly. She seemed enthusiastic and really happy, not taking too long to offer him the typical ''be careful, dress warm clothes'', ''pay attention in classes'' and ''don't drink too much,'' something that Jimin always misses hearing. Jimin also learned of all the adventures taking place in Busan. From his aunt expecting a baby soon, from his brother who had arranged a new girlfriend, from his father's new job. It was these little things that made Jimin truly happy. But also melancholy, due to the fact that he wasn't there to live all of this with them. When the call was finished, the little electronic object was carelessly thrown to the couch, and as he prepared to return to his study session, the sound of a light knocking on the door sounded. Jimin raised his eyebrow. He really wasn't expecting anyone at that moment. His hand wrapped around the cold door handle and it slowly opened, revealing the person on the other side. 
Shit.
 Jimin's body receded automatically as his gaze captured Taehyung's face, but the door remained open. Why did Taehyung continue to appear in your life? And how did he have the nerve to show up after what he'd done to him? "What the hell are you doing here?!" Jimin's heart rate increased dramatically, as did his breathing and the rapid movements that his chest performed. He eventually tried to close the door when Taehyung didn'r respond immediately. However, the boy's foot, which caught between it, prevented him from doing so. 
I felt lonely.
 Taehyung thought. "I'm here to do our teamwork," Taehyung said in a small, almost unassailable whisper, words that caused tiny wrinkles on the top of Jimin's forehead. ''What the hell are you talking about?'' ''Physics. Obviously, no one wanted to partner with me and you decided to miss classes for a few days, so... the teacher decided that you would automatically have to be my partner. Amazing, don't you think?'' Jimin watched an ironic smile form on Taehyung's dry lips as he shrugged. He could just be kidding him... ''Fuck, I'll do the work and then I put your name. There's no need for any interaction be-'' Jimin's words were cut off the moment Taehyung forced the door open, giving him a chance to enter. His gaze swept over the small space and the moment he awoke, lying on that sofa, dominated his mind for a few seconds. Taehyung could almost remember and feel the anger that ran through his veins that day, but that feeling quickly faded as he approached the small fridge in the most cheeky act and removed a bottle of beer from the inside, before sitting down relaxed on the couch. ''What do you think you're doing-'' ''I don't know if you know, but I'm a very busy person. So the work will have to be done now.'' "It's 9 in the night, Taehyung. Go away.'' Jimin felt frustrated at the fact that Taehyung had invaded his own dormitory and refused to pay attention to what he was saying, merely drinking the fiery drink inside the glass bottle. As irritating as the idea of working with him could be, Jimin seemed to have no other choice since the hazel-eyed boy refused to leave. The door was quietly closed and short footsteps were taken towards the sofa, where Jimin sat down - yet keeping as much distance as possible. Incredible as it seemed, Taehyung eventually revealed a characteristic that Jimin never imagined that existed. He was, without a doubt, a brilliant mind. The way he demonstrated his wisdom and how he explained his ideas so intently and enthusiastically. Jimin eventually realized that Taehyung's mind was something much more intense and deep than what he thought, and he felt - somehow - captivated by it. Something that turned out to be a plus for the tense environment that prevailed between them. "I didn't know you were so good at physics," Jimin admitted, no matter how hard his conscience tried to stop him from doing so, in a brief whisper. ''Looking at you, you look no more than a delinquent.'' Jimin's words turned out to have an unexpected effect on Taehyung. Not that he didn't know that it was the image he passed or that most people - if not everyone - thought the same way. But it was always harder when those so-famous thoughts were told directly to him. The gray-haired boy ended up realizing his mistake and how inopportune he had been when the glow that once dominated Taehyung's gaze faded and a sudden silence filled the place. Taehyung's fists slowly closed, his knuckles slightly white from the force he was exerting. Why did Jimin have to ruin everything? Why did Jimin have to, once again, stir the fire and anger inside him? ''You think you're better than me, don't you?'' The familiar sepia voice. Jimin had come to the conclusion that that color only came when Taehyung was irritated or stressed. For, seconds ago, his voice was a beautiful turquoise tone that had been a delirium to his gaze. ''You think you can say whatever you want, wherever you want.'' ''Excuse me?'' ''Well, fuck you. You don't know me.'' At this point, Taehyung's mind no longer thought correctly. In fact, his mind no longer thought, at all. He was just feeling... hurt? It hurt, perhaps, and he felt the need to protect the last ounce of dignity he had left. ''You're not better than me.'' ''I wasn't the one who was kicked out from home.'' And that was it. Taehyung's eyebrows were raised in surprise, his lips parted as if he wanted to respond, but the words didn't come out. The words seemed to have been swallowed, along with the rancor and pain that consumed him at the moment. And then he just shook his head from side to side, disappointed, before grabbing his coat and getting up from the sofa, following his way to the door that separated him from the outside of the dorm. Guilt quickly corrupted the inside of Jimin's body, causing it to tremble slightly as the emptiness and the pain spread in Taehyung's eyes attacked him, like bullets thrown directly at him. He had seen that look before. His fragile body eventually stood up quickly, and as he walked toward the dark-haired boy, he tried to stop him from getting out as he grasped his wrist. "I... I didn't mean it. I'm sorry." Jimin had been sincere, he really was sorry. As unbearable as Taehyung was, he had no right to throw at him whatever that was related to his family. His eyebrows formed two perfect inverted curves, his eyes glittering with pity and guilt that made his stomach contract. ''You did. But you don't know me, at all." Taehyung's hoarse low voice made itself heard after a heavy sob that broke inside his throat. His gaze still stared at the door. ''And you? Do you know yourself, at all? '' That question echoed in his mind for long seconds. What did he mean by that? His face eventually turned slowly, his body following the movements, so he could watch Jimin once more. His delicate hand still wrapped around Taehyung's wrist. Jimin felt his breath fail for a few seconds when Taehyung's intense gaze was united to his own as if by an imaginary line that could never be broken. "What are you doing to me?" A broken whisper finally swept through the four corners of the dorm. Taehyung's body drew nearer, now practically stuck to Jimin's, who had backed away. His back against the arm of the sofa. Taehyung watched the brownish tone of Jimin's eyes disappear as his eyelashes rested on his rosy cheekbones, his lips deliciously split. 
Shit, Jimin. You can't give in. Don't give in. You know what he did to you.
 But, as always, Jimin had never been good at following his own advices. Taehyung couldn't understand that sudden and unbearable urge to kiss Jimin every time they found themselves in situations like this. He couldn't figure out why and how it happened. But he knew he couldn't give in to his instincts. The top of his forehead eventually settled over Jimin's shoulder, feeling the hands of the gray-haired boy land hesitantly on his chest, moving in slow, circular motions over the blue cloth that covered him. But it was at this moment - at that damn and precise moment - that Taehyung thought it was enough. That was so wrong on different levels. Jimin whimpered silently as the comfort and warmth of Taehyung's body was so painfully withdrawn. The strong figure of the young man had once again walked towards the door, eventually opening it. "You're such a coward. You can't even handle the fact that you actually want me.'' Taehyung had to close his eyes for a few seconds and nibble on his lower lip to regain control once more. 
Jimin really was a teaser. And Taehyung, only weak.
 The door was closed again in a sudden movement, and the coat Taehyung carried slipped from his fingers and fell on the wood of the floor. His body quickly approached Jimin again and both his hands rested on his soft, delicate face before his thirsty lips could satisfy their desire by joining Jimin's. Jimin, himself, merely wrapped his fingers on Taehyung's dark strands of hair, that sweet, pleasurable sensation that completely invaded his interior once more and forced him to yield to the most dangerous luxury. He knew that tasting the forbidden fruit would make him dependent, addicted. But who was he to deny what his body needed so badly?          



Chapter End Notes
I hope you enjoyed it!Comments & kudos will be much appreciated.Find me on twt or tumblr @/sovlmataes


Chapter 7
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Their bodies were completely glued, as well as their lips that moved ferociously and mirrored the desire that corrupted each of the sinful figures. Tongues that were involved in the most beautiful and perfect erotic dance, which explored in delirium the addictive taste of each mouth.
Taehyung's tall figure eventually leaned over Jimin's, noticeably lower, causing the gray-haired boy to lie down quietly on the small couch without even breaking the much-cherished kiss. Jimin felt the thermic shock between Taehyung’s cold hand in contact with the warm skin of his abdomen, when he dared to invade the interior of his red sweater - the other hand properly placed on the sofa to support the weight of his strong body . “You don’t look so frontal when you're under me." Taehyung growled through his teeth as he dared to break the kiss to catch his breath. His thirsty lips eventually found a new distraction, tracing a line of hot, wet kisses slowly along Jimin's jaw, then down to the lobe of his ear, which was slowly and tortuously caressed by his tongue. Jimin parted his fleshy lips, seeking an answer to the accusation he had been subjected to, but a small low moan broke through his throat, preventing any words from being uttered. His delicate fingers slid slowly along Taehyung's neck, tracing imaginary lines along his skin, before moving to his perfectly sculpted face.
"Don’t touch my face."
It was the third time Jimin had heard the same sentence. He felt, deep inside, a slight touch of disappointment. Why couldn’t he touch Taehyung's face? Why? Why...The hazel-eyes boy's touch finally led Jimin’s hand to his back, beneath the cloth that covered his body.
"Why...?"
"Just... don’t do it," Taehyung murmured, his voice breaking against the delicious lobe that he was sucking, offering Jimin the best of the sensations.
Jimin just tried to forget that small detail, once more, as he let himself be overcome by the wonderful sensation that ran through his body and left him completely submissive. Completely weak. Completely addicted. Taehyung's tongue eventually traveled along his colleague's neck, his hands trailing the warmth of his skin until his fingers could caress and pinch one of his nipples - already hard and erect. With the torso perfectly wedged between Jimin's thighs, Taehyung eventually felt his member clash against his abdomen as an impulse to his actions. His long fingers picked up the thick fabric of the cloth, eventually lifting it - Jimin's bright, soft skin slowly revealed before his domineering eyes - until the garment was awkwardly removed - with the help of the silver haired boy - and thrown to the wooden floor. "I bet you missed my touch." Jimin felt a long, intense shiver run through his body in the face of provocation. His fleshy, shiny lower lip was tortured by his canines, his eyes gently closed, which gave him the opportunity to fully enjoy all the sensations, sounds, and colors that moment was offering him. However, Jimin still managed to find the strength to shake his head slowly. A dangerous smirk ripped Taehyung's face at once, a gesture that showed confidence. His lips, filled with lust, attacked one of Jimin’s nipples, sucking and biting slightly all over that area - his cheeky tongue accompanied the movements of his mouth.
"And I bet you missed my mouth." The color his tone offered him was a color Jimin couldn’t even name. It was a simply fascinating color. A color he had never seen before. It was a color that mixed with the most beautiful melody, in the most perfect combination. Jimin felt at his peak. As if what he was feeling couldn’t get more intense. "And my tongue. Didn’t you, pretty?"A hoarse moan swept through the cozy space as Taehyung's hand dared to invade the inside of Jimin's boxers, beneath his usual sweatpants, his fingers touching and caressing the head of his cock, slowly stiffening.
"I-I... I didn’t," Jimin said breathlessly, knowing full well that his words and the way his body reacted were completely opposite.
"Oh, really?"
Jimin swallowed at the sudden touch of challenge in Taehyung's voice. And he knew, immediately, what was about to happen. His pants slid quickly and sharply along his thighs, eventually being removed and tossed to the floor, just like his sweater. Jimin was now completely naked.
He felt himself exposed, his skin burning under Taehyung’s wild and devourer look, which had darkened dramatically due to the intense desire that commanded his actions.
Taehyung's mouth didn’t take long to wrap the head of Jimin's cock - red and pulsing - bobbing and sliding his tongue across that area. Both his large hands indelicately lodged on his thick, strong thighs, massaging them between his fingers. His lips slid over Jimin’s delicious erection, feeling the tip hit his throat carefully. It was almost automatic how Jimin intertwined his fingers on Taehyung's hair, pinning it abruptly as an impulse to what the dark-haired boy was giving him. An intense, powerful wave of pleasure ran through his veins and escaped in the form of whines from his thick lips.
"F-Fuck."
Taehyung let his mouth begin slow movements along the submissive boy's cock beneath him, his teeth trailing the bulging and pulsating veins gently and without any pressure. As hard as it was to admit it, he loved the way Jimin’s beautiful member seemed to have been made for his lips or simply the way himself had the power to make Jimin fall apart under his control.The wet touch of his tongue was now felt on Jimin's testicles, his hand now wrapped around his erection, throbbing in quick, careless movements. His mouth involved the area for a few seconds, sucking in slowly, before his lips moved between tortuous kisses to the inside of his thighs. After numerous nibbles, kisses, hickeys that marked his pale skin, Jimin found himself a moaning mess.
"Tae-Taehyung... please..." Jimin almost begged. His waist arched drastically, his head slightly pulled back, and his hands no longer knew if they should grab the fabric of the sofa or Taehyung's hair. All those sensations were simply overwhelming. Jimin whimpered painfully when the tall man's touch ceased to make itself feel, his bare chest moving abnormally, as if his lungs were trying, at all costs, to catch his lost breath.
"Come here, pretty." Taehyung's husky tone spoke quietly. Jimin's brown eyes, which were slowly revealed, could watch the boy in front of him remove the dark shirt that covered his body, revealing his skin. His eyebrows raised slightly as his gaze traveled over the small details that characterized the hazel-eyed boy. Taehyung was thin, but his chest was full. Brunette skin that shone in the dim light of the lamp. Jimin thought he could fall in love at the moment. He could. Taehyung's strong hands, still grabbing Jimin's thighs, exerted a slight pressure to pull him, so that his legs now circled his torso, and his arms wrapped around his neck. Carrying Jimin's body, he walked to the inside of the room, the younger boy's back finally landing on the cozy bed sheets.
With a hand strategically placed on the back of his colleague's neck, Jimin brought his face closer and his lips could join again in a delicious and sinful kiss. The available hand tried, in a skillful act, to loose Taehyung’s jeans.
"I don’t know why, but I really want to fuck you right now." Jimin noticed the difference in Taehyung's tone as he murmured through the kiss. He looked hoarser, more intense, more breathless.
"Do it." Words that were pronounced decisively, not hiding all the desire the silver-haired boy felt and that weakened every limb of his body.Taehyung looked at him for a few seconds before placing both hands on Jimin's waist, forcing his figure to turn. His belly and erection in contact with the warm blankets and his perfect raised ass exhibited before the fiery gaze of the other.
The pants and boxers that still covered his thighs were desperately removed, finding the ground. Jimin dared to move his waist slowly, forcing his cock to brush against the blankets, a movement that ceased as Taehyung's strong hand was felt against the warm, delicate skin of his ass. Jimin only whimpered against the fabric of his pillow."Quiet."
"Taehyung... just fuck me already. I need... I need to feel you."
The boy's obscene words had made Taehyung's breath catch inside his chest for a few seconds, before he lifted his body from the bed and headed for one of the bedside tables. The three drawers were clumsily searched until he could find the object he was looking for with Jimin's help, which merely indicated that the small bottle was, actually, inside the closet. "How surprising." A small smile ripped his wet lips as he spread the cold gel over his fingers, his other hand busy separating Jimin’s ass cheeks, offering him a privileged view of his hole. His lips pressed a small kiss on one of the dimples drawn on Jimin’s back, before two fingers invaded his interior and moved slowly. Jimin's body reacted instantly, his thighs trying to close in an impulse. Husky groans and gasping breaths filled the room, and the silver-haired boy could feel his mind dizzy, the back of his eyes dominated by the most diverse colors, dancing slowly and in various forms. He felt weak for giving in. And so did Taehyung. But what else could they do? Fight their own desire would only make things worse.
A third finger ended up invading the inside of Jimin's hole, now executing precise and rapid movements, which intensified his groans drastically. He just wanted to feel Taehyung inside him. He wouldn’t be able to endure that torture much longer.
"Fuck, you're so tight.” “Please... I just want to feel your fucking dick. Please."
Taehyung showed himself obedient, ceasing his movements and slowly removing his fingers to be able to clean them. His hand then wrapped in his own erection, bumping for a few seconds before leading it to Jimin’s delightful hole, pushing his cock slowly. His tongue slid softly over his lips, moistening them before holding his own lower lip between his teeth, preventing any noise from coming. On the other hand, Jimin didn’t even try to contain the high, desperate moan that broke in his throat and loosened between his parted lips as Taehyung placed his hands on his waist and began to move his cock inside the submissive boy. Slow movements, however, deep. The taller boy's chest eventually bent over the lower one, one hand resting on his belly where he exerted pressure to raise Jimin's body along with his. Both bodies in a perfect upright position. Taehyung increased the speed of his movements, thrusting intensely.
"You look so pretty like this." Taehyung's hoarse voice spoke as small kisses were left on Jimin's shoulder, never stopping to move his waist against the other's ass. "Touch yourself while I'm fucking your beautiful ass." Delicate and trembling fingers wrapped around his own erection, tightening and stroking it, while Jimin leaned his head against Taehyung's strong shoulder. A combination of groans, the sound of skin hitting skin and panting breaths dominated the place, and Jimin felt a slight pressure at the end of his abdomen, knowing that it wouldn’t take long until he reached his peak.
Taehyung thrusted deeper, his tip reaching Jimin’s most sensitive point. Crystalline drops of sweat flowed through his dark skin and his tense muscles began to weaken, and it was at this moment that he realized that - just like Jimin - he too would soon be undone in a delicious and pleasurable orgasm. "This... this is so good. I'm... I'm comin- "
The movements around Jimin's cock became faster and he also moved his waist so that he could help Taehyung with his thrusts.
Jimin felt delirious, that was simply too much. He couldn’t remember the last time he felt so good. So free. So overwhelmed.
"Come for me, pretty," Taehyung commanded, his words being run over by his panting breath as his cock moved back and forth deep and at an incalculable speed. The movements showing some brutality because of the adrenaline and the sin that burned his veins and commanded his subconscious. It was as if Taehyung was nothing more than desperate. It was as if there was nothing he wanted more than to led Jimin to his climax. And in fact, there wasn’t.
With a hand that traversed the side of Taehyung's body, Jimin's fingers traced his sweaty skin - even though he couldn’t see it because of their position - and they wrapped themselves wildly and desperately in the boy's hair, pulling them as he felt his body reach the apex. Muscles weakened as his member came in a pleasurable orgasm that was spread through his own stomach and blankets. A low, husky moan broke his lips. It didn’t take long before Taehyung could reach his limit the same way, a single thrust inside Jimin was enough for his muscles to contract and his teeth to prevent a groan from being heard.
Jimin dared to let his tired body fall on the blankets due to the wonderful sensation provided by Taehyung’s cum that was filling him. The taller boy finally let his chest hit ,once more, gently, the back of the silver-haired boy, letting nothing but the sound of his gasping breath make itself heard.
For a few moments Jimin appreciated the comfort and warmth that Taehyung's brunette skin gave him. He thought he could stay like this for hours. But deep down he knew that it wouldn’t take long until reality awoke Taehyung and made him leave that place, leaving Jimin - once again - alone and humiliated.
The taller boy eventually moved, abandoning Jimin's body so he could lie down on the empty side of the bed, his eyes opening in a slow act to watch the ceiling.
He realized immediately the difference between what had just happened and what had happened in the balneary.
The lack of regret.

Taehyung wasn’t sorry. Jimin had given him one of the best fucks of his life. He'd given him something he hadn’t had in a while, and he couldn’t have been more pleased. It was also something he really wanted to do. “Do you regret it?" Jimin's soft, delicate voice finally awakened him from his innumerable thoughts, forcing him to focus all his attention on his face. The same was shining from sweat, a pink tone painted the area of his cheeks and nose and his body was now shrunken, knees close to his chest.
"I don’t. At all." Taehyung noted the way Jimin's fleshy lips parted and his eyebrows lifted in a calm movement, showing a look of surprise. "I really enjoyed this moment. And I'm sure we'll be able to repeat it." A small, confident smirk now lit up his face. "You can be fucking annoying sometimes, but you also have your qualities."
"So do you."
Jimin nibbled at his lower lip for a few moments, looking at Taehyung's beautiful features before letting his heavy eyelids close in a slow motion.
He wasn’t sure about what he had gotten himself into. He didn’t know if he had any idea of the consequences that this could offer him. However, he didnt’t want to think about it. Not now. Maybe not tomorrow or after tomorrow. Later.
He let his body curl up over the warm blankets, wanting to fall asleep as quickly as possible to wake up to the lack of a warm body to occupy the other side of the bed.        Over the next few weeks, his relationship with Taehyung had become more... intense. Not that Jimin didn’t continue to find the boy unbearable, or what he does extremely wrong, but there was something in Taehyung that he just couldn’t resist. There was something that made him give in whenever they were together. It was something Jimin couldn’t understand. But he didn’t think he needed to understand.
He knew that, for Taehyung, it was just for fun. Maybe a way to relax. A distraction. Just one more. Jimin didn’t care. He really didn’t care and this was just another masochistic act towards himself. But Jimin wasn’t one to complain. Not when it also benefited him.
Jimin would find himself running away throughout classes to meet up with Taehyung in the bathroom for a quick blowjob or a handjob. Or close the library before time to let Taehyung fuck him against one of the bookshelves or one of the tables. Sometimes he would even find Taehyung at the door of his dorm for another round.
He had no choice but to let himself sink. He had no choice but to allow himself to be addicted, to let that insatiable and powerful desire command him and make him commit the most dangerous of the sins.
But there was something that bothered Jimin. Aside from the fact that Taehyung leaves the dormitory after he falls asleep, Jimin couldn’t understand why the hazel-eyed boy never lets himself be heard or touched. He wanted to hear his moans, he wanted to hear the wonderful sounds that could leave his lips while their bodies join in one. But that was something that never happened, and Jimin was beginning to wonder if he was as good as Taehyung said.
The tall boy also didn’t let him touch his face, eventually moving his hand away to another place whenever Jimin tried to apply any kind of caress on his skin.
 This was something that disturbed his mind, just because he wanted to reciprocate but he couldn’t, because Taehyung simply wouldn’t let him.         
A warm sweater eventually covered his body, followed by a comfortable pair of pants. His silver hair still wet from the quick shower he had just taken. The small wooden closet was quietly closed, and Jimin's gaze focused on the clock on his wall. 
01:30 AM
 It was Saturday night and Jimin could only think of Hoseok's proposal to go to one of college parties. Which was kindly refused. He had a huge work to finish, not talking about the fact that he would have to wake up early the next morning to open the library. Maybe another day. A small sigh dropped from his lips as he headed to the outside of the room to pack the books and the laptop that filled the table in front of the sofa. Now he could only think of the few hours he was going to sleep, cursing his damn busy life. When Jimin was about to let his body be hugged by the warm cotton blankets, the sound of the doorbell vibrated in his ears, forcing his body to move slowly towards the door, which was opened immediately.
Taehyung.
He wasn’t surprised when he saw the boy’s tall figure on the other side. What surprised him were the countless bloody wounds and bruises that filled and painted his face, forcing his eyebrows to contract drastically in concern. "What happened to you-" Jimin's words were cut off as Taehyung’s Lips collided desperately against his, a touch of alcohol perfectly perceptible. The dark-haired boy's body pinned Jimin's against the wall, but he found himself forced to break the dangerous contact between the two of them by pressing his hands against Taehyung's chest to push him away. "Taehyung, what happened to you?" Jimin asked, concern marking each of his words. The door was quietly closed and Jimin's small hand wrapped around Taehyung's, guiding him carefully to the sofa, where he finally sat down. And it was at that moment that he also noticed the wounds that marked his neck and hands.
"Some guys tried to mess with me and I had to teach them how to behave." Taehyung merely said as he shrugged his shoulders up and down in a slow motion. His gaze, empty, watched Jimin vaguely. "This is nothing."
For some reason, seeing Taehyung in that state made his chest contract and his heart heavy. Jimin had already seen him hurt, but not like that. Why did Taehyung continue to get into trouble? Why couldn’t he just stop with those kinds of acts? Why? Jimin couldn’t understand. A small sigh escaped from between his lips as he walked towards the bathroom to get the first-aid kit, soon returning to Taehyung. His knees eventually found the floor while his fingers removed a piece of cotton that was quickly wetted with disinfectant. His free hand gripped Taehyung’s injured hand, while the other applied the cotton over the bloody cuts. The tall boy moaned in pain as he tried to push his hand away from the burning touch, something that eventually became impossible. "That hurts." "It’s your fault for getting into trouble." Taehyung's eyes rolled dramatically before they returned their full attention to the gestures of the gray-haired boy, who now covered his wounds with a bandage.
The same thing happened to his neck, and when Jimin prepared to take care of the wounds on his face, Taehyung wrapped his wrist.
"Don’t do it."
Again.
Jimin felt himself losing his temper. This was the moment when he had grown tired of letting his gesture be refused.
"Why?! Why can’t I touch your face?! Why is it so hard for you to let me do it?!" The difference in Jimin's tone of voice became remarkable.
Taehyung raised his eyebrows and Jimin could see that he was more fragile due to the effect of the alcohol in his blood.
"Because... it hurts," it was the only thing he said, after a long, uncomfortable, silent pause.
"But you’re not injured on the other days..." A small genuine smile broke his lips at Jimin's naivety. How innocent he was to think that his pain was merely physical.
"It hurts because I see my fa- my father in you every time you do it."
The anger Jimin had previously felt faded. His eyebrows still contracted, and his body finally came closer, still on the ground.
"He used to hurt you?"
"Pretty much." A hoarse ironic laughter bubbled up inside his throat as he let his head fall backward, finding the big cushion on the couch. "I don’t even know why I'm talking to you about this. It's ridiculous."
Jimin would be lying if he said that this sincere confession hadn’t had a negative effect on him. But he simply tried to let it pass him by.
"I know it may sound strange but... you can trust me." Taehyung's gaze, which had been staring up at the ceiling as if it was the most interesting thing of the moment, now watched Jimin, incredulous. Eyes that joined as if by an imaginary line, and the sound of breaths that was the only audible noise between those four walls, until the moment when Jimin decided to let his voice make itself heard.
"It's ok," his sweet tone spoke in a whisper as he dared to draw his hand closer to Taehyung’s wounded face, pausing several times during the course due to his concern. "It's me. I won’t hurt you," Jimin promised, without ever breaking the intense eye contact. Taehyung was preparing to push his touch away, but Jimin wrapped his fingers around the boy's hands with the help of his own available hand. "I won’t hurt you," he repeated, his tone lowering before he finally laid his palm over Taehyung's hot, wounded face, feeling the comfort of his skin in contact with his own.
Taehyung had, however, closed his eyes sharply, his eyebrows knit together. As if he really was scared and Jimin could only think how ironic that situation really was.
His thumb slid slowly along the apple of his face, removing the traces of blood and caressing the area. To Taehyung, this was something new. A new sensation. Something to which he hadn’t been accustomed for a long time. Even Jungkook hadn’t dared to do so. However, he could swear inwardly that the feeling was pleasant, completely different from the one his father had made him feel so many times in the past. With Jimin, it was different.
"Is this ok?"
"I... I guess so."
Jimin nodded before calmly removing his hand from Taehyung's face so he could hold a new piece of cotton with disinfectant, which was delicately applied over his wounds once more. New, almost inaudible moans broke the other's lips, something that made Jimin's lips smile slightly. Taehyung was so brave for some things, and so mushy for others. When it was over, Jimin finally cleaned up and put the first aid kit in its place before sitting on the couch next to Taehyung.
"Were you at the party?"
"Yes."
"What happened?"
"Why do you care?" Taehyung asked, not in an ironic or rude way. He asked because he was really interested in knowing the answer.
"I don’t... I don’t care. I'm just curious." "It was what I just told you. They simply irritated me." Jimin watched the way Taehyung's shoulders moved up and down, showing some indifference and irrelevance to the subject.
Taehyung finally let his body approach Jimin's once more, his lips crashing into an intense kiss. The silver-haired boy held out the kiss for a few seconds, finding himself obliged to stop when Taehyung's hand tried to invade the inside of his shirt. "Taehyung... I need to sleep."
Taehyung finally pulled away his desperate lips - which were now torturing the warm skin of Jimin's jaw - so he could watch the boy in front of him. He wanted to blame the effect of alcohol for the desperate way he had acted. Things didn’t work that way. A small sigh ripped through his moist lips before pulling back.
"I should probably leave."
Jimin wanted to invite him to stay the night. However, he didn’t.
"Yes. See you later." Taehyung lifted his body calmly, walking to the door in short steps, even reeling from the effect of alcohol. He looked at Jimin one last time before leaving. The sound of the door snapping made Jimin cringe slightly against the sofa, both his hands covering his face. "Shit," he confessed in a murmur. 
Jimin wasn’t sure what had just happened. But he knew he was fucked up for good.        Jungkook opened his bedroom door only to find Taehyung waiting on the other side. Raising one eyebrow and moving slightly away, he let the boy’s y’all figure invade the interior of the place.
"What happened to your fac-" "Can I spend the night with you?"
Jungkook's eyes widened slightly at such unexpected question. Why was this so sudden? He wanted to say no. He wanted to make up some excuse to refuse the offer. However, he wasn’t able to. He couldn’t because, deep down, this wasn’t what he really wanted. It was more than obvious that Jungkook wanted to have Taehyung next to him. It was more than obvious that he had missed his best friend. So where would he find the strength to reject him?
Taehyung, on the other hand, felt alone, abandoned. Not to mention the fact that he had just been rejected by Jimin. He was frail, weak, needy due to alcohol and he just wanted someone by his side.
Jungkook merely nodded, trying not to worry too much about the state of his best friend's face, notably already taken care of. His body walked quietly towards the small room and fell carefully on one side of the bed as he watched his best friend fill the empty side. The warm blankets covered and snuggled up both bodies and Taehyung slipped through the sheets so he could wrap his arms around Jungkook and lay his head on his chest. The other did the same, his chin resting gently on the top of Taehyung's head.
"I've missed you so much," Taehyung admitted almost inaudibly as he squeezed Jungkook's body against his own. He knew it wouldn’t take long until sleep and weariness took him.
Jungkook bit his bottom lip crookedly as he let his eyes close. It was late, he was exhausted, and he thought those words couldn’t have been more painful.        
The mug of hot chocolate swung carefully between Jimin's cold hands, his unfocused gaze limited to a random spot. In front of him, Hoseok just complained about the many problems that dominated his life at the moment. But Jimin was too immersed in his thoughts to be able to catch the details.
The warm drink was guided to his dry lips, giving him the possibility of ingesting it and also heating his throat. The infinite thoughts that dominated his mind and occupied all his attention only faded when the door of the cafe where they both stood opened only to reveal Taehyung, that had just come in behind Yoongi and accompanied by Jungkook. Both eyes met at once, and Jimin felt a shiver run through the length of his body as Taehyung held up a small smirk before sitting comfortably at one of the tables with his friends.
As hard as he tried to avoid it, Jimin's gaze remained attached to the dark-haired boy, watching in detail each of his actions. Deep down, he felt ridiculous. However, he felt slightly less inopportune when Taehyung simply did the same, still daring to slide his tongue slowly over his cracked lips.
Jimin knew perfectly well that it was a simple provocation. And that was why he cursed Taehyung inwardly.
"Hoseok," Jimin finally said, never breaking eye contact with the boy at the other table. However, he knew that now, too, Hoseok's attention was resting on him. "What would you do if you found yourself involved in a situation that was really fucking wrong but it was something that made you feel so good, and it was something that you wanted so desperately, you just couldn’t stop?" His voice was low and precise, pronouncing each word carefully. Though he couldn’t see him, Jimin knew that Hoseok had now raised an eyebrow and scratched his chin in curiosity, didn’t heknow his best friend as well as the palm of his hand.
"Well, I suppose I would continue to do so. If it was something I really wanted, I would do it even if it seemed wrong."
The answer he had received brought a faint smile to his lips. It was as if he just needed that answer to stop the weight on his conscience. However, that pleasant little sensation quickly disappeared as Hoseok followed Jimin's gaze and found Taehyung, who tried - at all costs - to seem discreet.
"Jimin."
Jimin nibbled at his lower lip in a sign of nervousness before focusing all his attention on the face of his best friend, who now looked at him with a serious expression. "What?" "Tell me it's not him what you were talking about. You know he's not good- "
"I know. I don’t... I have nothing to do with him." Jimin lied in a low whisper before swallowing and looking away at the mug he still held between his fingers.
Lying to Hoseok wasn’t something he liked. But what other option did he have? He simply couldn’t, because, deep down, Jimin knew that the reasons that would lead Hoseok not to accept what was happening, were simply the truth. "Stay away from him, Jimin. He isn’t good for you. He isn’t good for anyone." Feeling his chest contract with such painful words, Jimin drank the remaining liquid in the mug.
He wanted to believe that what Hoseok said was only an illusion. He wanted to believe that those words didn’t correspond to reality. He wanted to believe that it was a mere concern on the part of his best friend, words spoken out of fear. But, unfortunately, that was the reality.
"I fucking hate him, remember?" The mug landed on the wooden table more sharply than expected, Jimin's gaze now showed some irritation. Those words had been spoken confidently. Jimin didn’t know if he was trying to convince Hoseok that this was nothing more than the truth, or himself. Either way, he wasn’t so sure anymore.
      



Chapter End Notes
Hi guys, here’s another chapter! I’m sorry (again) for taking more time than usual to post, but I was having a hard time ahcje.Anyways, I always have trouble when I’m writing smut so I hope this was good enough. I hope you enjoyed it!Also, a s/o to Marta for helping me so much throughout the whole process of writing and for being so supportive!Comments & kudos will be much appreciated!Find me on twt or tumblr @/sovlmataes


Chapter 8
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jungkook led the greenish bottle of soju to his thirsty lips for the thousandth time that morning. His unblinking gaze watched the big boxing bag suspended from the ceiling while his icy fingers pressed sharply against the glass of the bottle. He felt, at the very least, destroyed. Deep down, he knew that he himself was not much different from Taehyung. Drink to forget. Drink not to feel. Drink to take the pain away, wasn't it for the countless glass bottles scattered on the floor that were mirroring his emotional despair. His back was clumsily against the back of the old sofa, trying to find a more comfortable position, something that eventually became impossible. The bottle - already empty - was thrown to the floor, numerous emerald-colored glass covering the used cement. His tired eyes closed for a few moments as a heavy sigh broke his lips, until the rusty door alarmed him that someone had just arrived. Jungkook forced himself to reveal his gaze calmly, not taking long in recognizing Yoongi's small figure, who was approaching in slow steps. "Isn't it too early to drink?" ''I don't fucking care.'' Jungkook replied as he lifted his shoulders in a slow movement, showing some indifference to the question the black-haired boy had presented to him. Yoongi raised his eyebrows, his watchful and precise gaze going through Jungkook's mess on the shed's floor. It wasn't the first time something similar had happened. However, he knew that - this time - it was worse. Sitting down next to the tall and muscled young man, Yoongi allowed himself to watch him more closely. The way little purple bags were drawn beneath his eyes-which seemed empty and practically asleep - and the way his breath was almost imperceptible - his chest moving slowly. "Taehyung?" Yoongi asked in a hoarse whisper, though the answer was more than obvious. Taking into account the recent events, nothing else but Taehyung filled Jungkook's mind and broke his heart in a thousand pieces. "Basically." A forced smile was drawn on Jungkook's dead face, while his fists were abruptly closed. It was as if he tried, at all costs, to control the frustration that corrupted him. ''I think things are worse now.'' ''Why?'' The dark-haired boy's tone of voice showed concern and interest in the subject, something that made Jungkook feel a certain pleasant comfort inside his chest. He was grateful to have Yoongi in his life. After all, the boy was a good friend and was always willing to hear him complain about the problems of his life, about his thoughts or worries. About Taehyung - something he couldn't do with anyone else. And, like that, Jungkook felt a little more comfortable. ''He shows up at my dorm every night.'' Jungkook began - almost inaudibly - before sliding his tongue between his lips so he could moisten them, and divert his brownish gaze to Yoongi's figure. ''Completely drunk. To sleep with me.'' ''Right.'' ''And I can't refuse. I can't fucking reject him. I wish I could, though.'' Jungkook watched Yoongi bend over on his own legs to reach one of the bottles of soju that hadn't been opened yet. The drink was quickly drawn to his thin lips, but his gaze kept all his focus on Jungkook. ''Does he know about feelings?'' ''He has no idea!'' Jungkook eventually raised his body suddenly, moving hastily across the place - his mind too loud and his hands moving frantically as words abandoned his lips. ''He's so fucking blind he doesn't even notice! And this situation only destroys me more.'' Jungkook wished that the effect of alcohol could erase all those feelings for only a few hours. Yet it just seemed to make him feel more. And think more. ''I really fucking love him.'' ''Love? Love is completely useless.'' Jungkook forced himself to stop in the middle of the shed, due to his friend's unexpected reply. His eyes grew slightly larger, and his brownish iris rested on Yoongi's neutral face. ''Do you see what love does to us? Look at you. Love will only destroy you.'' "It's not like I can control it." "But you're not strong enough to fight against it." A long sigh - perfectly audible - sounded through the old walls of the shed while Jungkook looked down at his fingers, which intertwined with each other quickly. Deep down, Jungkook didn't know if fighting against his own feelings was what he really wanted. However, letting that feeling consume him and that pain kill him inside, wasn't on his plans either. The sound of a glass bottle resting on the floor made his attention rest once more on the black-haired boy who had just stood up to walk towards a more hidden corner of the place. A huge old sheet was removed, revealing the beautiful piano underneath. Slightly dusty, but still showing his beautiful, bright black shade. "Come here" Yoongi murmured calmly and huskily as he sat on the small old velvet bench behind the magnificent musical instrument. Jungkook raised his eyebrow slightly at the boy's unexpected gestures, wondering inwardly what the hell he was doing. He then came to sit next to Yoongi on the old bench, while his gaze followed every movement the boy's hands made. As he lifted the cover of the keys, Yoongi's long fingers didn't take long to press it quickly - almost violently -, however, the music produced made Jungkook's heart beat frantically inside his chest. Intense, heavy and fast music. One of Yoongi's hands involved one of Jungkook's, approaching both of them to the keyboard to be able to press it. Jungkook, surprised and with both raised eyebrows, only observed the boy next to him. ''Don't think. Just let the music make you feel something more. Something better," Yoongi said in his usual hoarse tone as he stared at Jungkook by the corner of his eye. His fingers, however, never leaving the beautiful black and white keyboard. And that was what he did. Closing his eyes, Jungkook allowed himself to be guided by Yoongi's movements and consumed by the music that caused his noisy mind to be silenced and his pain to stop for a few minutes.    From: Kim Taehyung
Time: 02:23 PM
Come outside of the classroom.                                                                                                                             To: Kim Taehyung
                                                                                                                             Time: 02:23 PM
                                                                                                                              Coming.  Jimin pressed the send button and quickly inserted the phone back into the pocket of the jeans he was wearing. Letting his tongue run through the entire layer of his dry lips, he eventually rose quietly and discreetly, taking advantage of the fact that everyone was busy with their own mechanics projects, so he could leave the classroom. His gaze swept down the empty corridor, searching for Taehyung's familiar figure as he lifted his eyebrow at the absence of any sign of the dark-haired boy. Jimin was more than accustomed to this kind of unexpected message while he was in class. But those messages no longer seemed so unexpected, considering that he was practically waiting for them every day, anxious. He finally felt a strong, unexpected clench around his pale wrist, forcing his body to follow the footsteps of the boy who was pulling him towards the next corridor. His back slammed indelicately against the lockers, causing a small noise that ran through the emptiness and silence of the place. Before he could utter a single word, Taehyung's devouring lips joined his own, beginning a wild and messy kiss. One of the boy's strong hands eventually settled on Jimin's waist - so he could keep his body completely still against the surface of the lockers - while the other dared to travel to the bottom of his back - exploring that area before venturing to the gray-haired boy's ass, grabbing it tightly between his long, thin fingers. Jimin's head slowly fell back and his lips were parted by a light, inaudible sigh that broke them as Taehyung pressed wet kisses against the curvature of his neck. "Not here," Jimin whispered quietly, leading one of his hands to Taehyung's nape, letting his fingers caress the shot hair that resided there. His hips brushed frantically against Taehyung's, in an attempt to provoke him - something that ended up contradicting his words -, a gesture that was quickly stopped by the taller boy, who let his hand hit Jimin's ass, properly covered by the clothing he wore. ''Someone may appear.'' Jimin could hear, deep in his mind, Hoseok's voice warning him how wrong that was. It was as if Hoseok was his own consciousness. It was as if he spoke out of his guilt. ''Do you think I care?'' Taehyung's voice was hoarse and filled with desire, offering Jimin those magnificent shivers all over his body and showing in the most beautiful combination of colors. ''I know you don't. But I do." His face moved calmly over the boy's hazel-colored neck, his lips caressing his warm skin with short, small kisses. His available hand rested on Taehyung's full chest, his thumb caressing his erect nipple over the dark cloth that covered it, not long before pinching it tortuously as a cheeky smile illuminated the lustful expression on his face. Taehyung forced himself to hold his lower lip between his teeth to prevent any noise from escape them. There was no way Taehyung would show his most vulnerable side. Taehyung would never demonstrate the effect that Jimin's gestures could have on him. "Quiet," Taehyung warned. Jimin's trousers button was skillfully and desperately loosened, just so that one of Taehyung's hands could invade the inside of his boxers and give Jimin the icy touch of his fingertips on his slowly stiffening member. A small growl bruised inside Jimin's throat at such a gesture. His forehead eventually settled on the tall boy's strong shoulder, his hands sliding slowly along his abdomen, stopping only when his fingers could wrap around the dark fabric of the shirt Taehyung wore. On the other hand, Taehyung merely allowed his thumb to provoke the head of Jimin's cock - by tortuously pressing on it - which was releasing pre-cum. ''I can't believe that simple provocations are enough to make you completely submissive. '' Jimin's teeth brushed against the exposed skin of the boy's shoulder - which wasn't covered by his shirt - only to contain his whimpering. This was risky. Too risky. Jimin didn't even want to imagine what could happen if someone saw them in that situation, in the middle of the corridor. This thought sent a shiver down his spine. Deep down, Jimin wished he had enough strength to stop this madness. Madness, because he could only have lost his mind to allow that to happen. "I also want to- Let me touch you..." His small hands eventually grabbed the belt that held Taehyung's pants, preparing to open it. However, the sound of footsteps eventually awakened him to reality. His eyes widened dramatically as he desperately pushed the taller boy away, feeling the absence of his touch at once. ''Anyone here?'' This time it was Taehyung who raised his eyebrows exaggeratedly as the expression on his face changed significantly. "Fuck," he cursed in a whisper as he realized that voice belonged to Jungkook. Taehyung finally wrapped Jimin's wrist once more - just like he did minutes earlier - just to be able to pull him into the nearest empty room - without even giving him a chance to squeeze his pants - wishing inwardly that he had been quick enough not to get caught. It was not as if Jungkook had never seen him with anyone before. He was probably more than used to this kind of situation. However, Taehyung thought there was no need for him to know that his best friend was giving Jimin a fucking handjob in the middle on the corridor. Especially because it was the Park Jimin. The one he so damnably cursed and humiliated in their conversations. Jimin felt one hand cover his lips - trying to keep him from letting out any noise - while the other pressed against his defined abs in order to keep his body glued to Taehyung's. The sound of the footsteps grew louder and Jimin swore he could hear Taehyung's fast heartbeat break inside his ears. Jimin could finally sigh in relief as the dark-haired boy's hand abandoned his lips and the sound of footsteps on the outside became inaudible, announcing that the path was once again free. What were they thinking? Taehyung nibbled at the inside of his lower lip nervously, while his gaze was focused on the board in front of him. "You don't care, unless it's Jungkook," Jimin said, letting the thoughts that dominated his mind be expressed in words. And at that moment, he knew he should have stayed silent. With his eyebrows neatly tied together, a small wrinkle drawn across his forehead and his suddenly closing fists, Taehyung turned his full attention to Jimin's flushed face. Jimin, himself, felt his chest twitch slightly under Taehyung's gaze. An empty, angry look. He definitely hadn't missed it. ''Just because you let me fuck your ass and suck your dick occasionally, that doesn't mean you have the right to make those kind of comments.'' The damn sepia tone. Jimin thought all this was too good to be true. And he felt humiliated once again. It wasn't as if he didn't know that Taehyung only wanted him for one thing. He himself accepted those terms. But it was always different when those very words were spoken directly to him. Shaking his head slowly from side to side in denial before his own thoughts, Jimin hastened to tighten his pants, only to be able to leave the room without even bothering to straighten his messy hair, rumpled sweater and lips full and wet, and leaving Taehyung all alone. 
Fucking Taehyung.
 Jimin felt the anger burn in his veins and completely dominate his body. He didn't know if he was more angry at Taehyung or himself. Anyway, Jimin felt the need to let one of his fists crash into one of the lockers, causing a slight dense. His breathing was notably altered, as were the rapid movements of his chest, while his forehead was against the cold, metallic material of the lockers, only to be able to close his eyes slowly and try to control that tornado of feelings. "I really fucking hate him," Jimin muttered under his breath before finally returning to the classroom.        It's been a week since Taehyung last touched Jimin. Since the last time his lips tasted and delighted against the gray-haired boy's. It's been a week since the last time they had any contact. From the first ignored message, Taehyung had refused to insist, didn't his own pride speak louder. Besides, it wasn't like he needed the other guy for anything. Or, at least, it was what he thought to himself when the need dominated his body and his instincts screamed for Taehyung to simply give in. But he wouldn't. No, he wasn't weak. Taehyung had more important matters to worry about. Like, for example, to find a way to get his mother out of that house and the domain of that detestable man. Something that, so far, had become too difficult. It was sad for him to see how his mother had been subjected to that treatment. Or the way the man managed to manipulate her to the point where she didn't want to leave. He couldn't simply force her, or she would end up living even more unhappy than she was now. And that was what he least desired. This thought made Taehyung go crazy and messed his psychological in an incalculable way - something that had influenced his self-destructive acts. He had begun to smoke more, to drink more, only to be able to take the pain away. That constant pain that terrified him every day. 
He just wanted to feel something else.
 Clearly, Jungkook always tried to control Taehyung's exaggerations when they were together, something that always ended in a discussion. He was getting used to this kind of situation, trying not to give too much importance to it. But the worst was when he was alone. Surrounded by the darkness of that damn dorm. The worst was when that feeling hit him and he had to lick the wounds with half a dozen bottles of beer only to be able to appear at Jungkook's dorm to spend the night with him. He was just a broken heart with innumerable vices to heal his open scars. To heal all the anxiety, all the hatred. Or try. And even though Taehyung was very aware of the evil that it caused him, he didn't seem to care. Because that was all he knew how to do.     This was just one of those nights when Taehyung snuggled into Jungkook's delicate, comfortable sheets. But something seemed different this time. He had just woken up after a couple of hours, only to realize that Jungkook was no longer by his side. With the back of his hand, Taehyung gently rubbed his weary eyes as he tried to sit down. The smell of alcohol was so intense in his breath that he could feel it when he sighed slightly. His sleepy gaze - a bit reddish from his drunken state - went through the small room before he stood up and walked to the entrance, where he found Jungkook looking through the small window - the moonlight reflected over his pensive face. On his hand, a bottle of beer. In short steps, the hazel-eyed boy approached the tall figure of his best friend, letting his own body to stay by his side and let his head rest on Jungkook's shoulder. The boy stood motionless, not daring to divert his attention from the beautiful night landscape outside. Taehyung wondered what Jungkook would be thinking at the time to not even offer a single reaction. ''Why are you drinking?'' Taehyung broke the silence with a hoarse whisper. ''It's late, you should be sleeping.'' ''You too.'' Jungkook closed his eyes for a few seconds as he let an inaudible sigh break his lips. Inside his chest, his heart was beating wildly, and he could have sworn his stomach tightened in tune. Having Taehyung this close was enough for his emotions to run high. Taehyung's body finally moved, completely covering the small window. However, Jungkook's look seemed to refuse to cross with his. With contracted eyebrows, the dark-haired boy turned out to approach the other's face with his hand, letting it caress his pale and smooth cheek. Taehyung felt Jungkook tremble immediately at the gesture. ''What's up?'' Jungkook swallowed, trying to contain the urge to just let all his thoughts being revealed, even though it seemed difficult at the time. ''Look at me.'' Taehyung tried once again capture his best friend's attention, this time, his tone showed some affection. ''Tell me what's wrong. '' And that was when Jungkook broke. All his anguish, all that dominated his mind, eventually flowed. Not in words, but in tears, which burned his eyes and the cheekbones of his face. Jungkook thought he couldn't seem more ridiculous. Taehyung, on the other hand, felt his chest contract before the image he witnessed. It had been a long time since he had seen Jungkook cry, and it wasn't something he missed. His thumb gently removed the small and crystal tears that rolled slowly while his forehead eventually join Jungkook's. ''Why are you sad? Why are you crying?'' It took Jungkook a moment to answer. He just needed to think about the right words. ''Because I'm slowly breaking.'' ''I thought you were fine. I thought- I thought you were happy.'' ''But that's the damn problem, Taehyung. You thought! You are so focused on your own pain that you don't even know what's going on around you." The difference in Jungkook's tone made Taehyung's hand slide out of his face, perhaps shocked at the words that were addressed to him. How could Jungkook say that? Taehyung was doing his best. Taehyung always did his best when it came to Jungkook. Ever. Or wasn't that enough? Or was Jungkook actually right? Was Taehyung so focused on himself and his revenge, his pain, his own problems, that, for a moment, he forgot to think about what worried Jungkook? This thought made a shiver run through his body, weakening him. ''I... I'm doing my best-'' "Taehyung, you ... you destroy everything you touch." Jungkook sobbed, making the words come out with more difficulty. ''And I'm not even talking about vandalism.'' At this point Taehyung felt that he, too, could burst into tears at any moment. It was the first time Jungkook have ever said something like that to him. He could expect such words from anyone. But not from Jungkook. Never from Jungkook. It was as if his words were knives that attacked his chest countless times and he simply felt empty. ''I'm- I'm so sorry, Jungkook. I've never... I didn't want to make you suffer.'' His words were as sincere as possible, the pain and desperation quite remarkable in his tone of voice as his arms wrapped around the strong body of Jungkook, squeezing his chest tightly against his own. ''I really fucking love you. '' It was the first time Taehyung really thought he could lose Jungkook. Slowly, Jungkook let himself became entranced by his best friend's comfort, while hiding his damp face in the curvature of Taehyung's neck, only to stifle the desperate sound of his crying. He knew that Taehyung loved him. But he felt greedy and too selfish to think it would ever be enough. Never. Deep down, he just wanted to gain enough strength to fight his own feelings. He just wanted to be free and finally not depend on Taehyung. But on the other hand, Jungkook still clung to the little hope he had left. Hope that one day, maybe, maybe ... Taehyung could love him the same way. Maybe.     Jimin found himself missing Taehyung's touch. The way his long, slender fingers caressed his skin delicately. The way his own body reacted whenever the distance between them was dangerously reduced. The way his lips came together perfectly as if they had been made for each other. The way their bodies were intertwined whenever they had sex. Or even Taehyung's warm body heating the empty side of the bed until he could fall asleep. For some reason, Jimin felt himself going mad with that feeling. However, the motive remained a mystery to himself. If it was he who decided to get away from Taehyung and try, at all costs, to avoid him, why did he feel that way? Why, when Jimin least expected, did he want Taehyung to be by his side? Just to let his touch consume him and give him all those magnificent sensations he always felt when they were together. There was a time when Jimin, in the darkness of his dorm, let his delicate hands venture through his own body. With his legs apart and head partially fell against the comfort of his pillow, Jimin masturbated with Taehyung's image in his thoughts. He offered himself a taste of what the dark-haired boy used to offer him. The delicious moans that broke in his throat and that spread across the four walls of the room. His body that twitched under his own touch until Taehyung's name broke his lips and a pleasurable orgasm was spilled on his stomach. Jimin felt embarrassed just to think at that moment. However, not as embarassed as it was expected. 
It was his little guilty pleasure.
    Jimin walked through the huge door of the pavilion with the numerous fluorescent lights crashing against his body and enhancing his look. He was particularly pleased with his appearance that night. His gray hair parted and pulled back. A white shirt that fell on the dark ripped jeans that perfectly marked his thick thighs. Finally, a jacket with countless cuts and countless rings that filled his fingers. He didn't even want to believe his luck when Hoseok told him about this party. Finally he could relax. The exams were finally over and he just wanted to be able to have fun with his friends. And forget about that idiot need of having Taehyung. Crossing the immense sea of sweaty bodies that danced to the beat of the music, Jimin eventually found Hoseok, who quickly waved at him between the confusion. The boy greeted him with a tight hug, before slipping one of the drinks on the table beside him towards Jimin. A small smirk broke Jimin's shining lips when he realized what the drink was. The typical ''blow job''. ''I asked this one especially for you.'' A loud laugh was released as his best friend massaged the back of his neck, encouraging him to drink. "Fuck you," Jimin said playfully before pushing Hoseok away with his shoulder. His hands were crossed behind his own back as he tried to lower his body height. His lips gripped the small glass and in a swift motion, Jimin ended up swallowing all the drink it had inside. He personally loved the sweet combination of Bailey's Irish Cream with the coffee flavor offered by Kahlua and ending with Amaretto's almond flavor and whipped cream, which left traces around his lips. The small glass was put on the table again while his tongue slid to remove the traces of the delicious drink. ''I hope you can relieve all the stress today. We're here to have lots of fun!'' Hoseok said in a lively way, with a smile that lit up his face. Jimin simply returned the gesture as he nodded. He was right. This was a night to forget and not think of anything else but fun. He was sure nothing could ruin this moment. His hand was eventually wrapped around Hoseok's, who pulled him excitedly to the center of the dance floor while loudly asserting that he loved that song. The boy quickly began to move his body to the rhythm of the sensual music, while Jimin's gaze was limited to observing all his movements in an attentive and curious way. Hoseok really was an excellent dancer. He knew perfectly how to move his body and how to catch the attention of anyone around him. Jimin dared to say that he, too, felt captivated. It wasn't long before he let his well-built figure follow his best friend's example. His body moved slowly and in sync with Hoseok's as his hands slid along the white fabric of his shirt, even making pressure on his perfectly defined abs. The dark tone of his iris travelled through the space. As self-centered as it might seem, Jimin wanted attention. 
He wanted to feel desired once more.
 However, his chest contracted slightly as his gaze met Taehyung's, who watched him - not from far away - as he enjoyed his drink sitting on one of the sofas that filled the space. Why did he have to be there? His lower lip was tortured by his teeth before all his attention was on the orange-haired boy once again. ''Hold me. Uh, let's dance together." Jimin spoke and he only wished inwardly that Hoseok didn't realize his nervousness. The boy only smiled and nodded before placing one of his hands on Jimin's waist, where he made a small pressure to gather their bodies together. It wasn't the first time they both danced that way, so neither Jimin nor Hoseok were at all uncomfortable with the situation. It was simply a dance after all. But Jimin wasn't sure what was the real reason why he wanted it at that moment. Did he just want to cause any kind of reaction in Taehyung, knowing that the boy was watching him closely? Jimin let one of his hands land on the back of Hoseok's neck, only to let his fingers intertwine in the boy's delicate orange hair. Both bodies moved slowly against each other, Jimin's chest brushing against Hoseok's. The gray-haired boy took his gaze again to meet Taehyung's and a shiver ran down his spine as he saw the look on his face. The way his eyes seemed to have darkened, turning almost black. The way his shoulders and jaw were tense. This gave Jimin a strange feeling of satisfaction. His tongue traced his fleshy lips before parting them deliciously and allowing a mysterious, sensual expression to be painted on his face. His hand slid slowly toward Hoseok's neck, where small strokes were made. His body turned, letting his back come into contact with Hoseok's chest, his hips moving slowly and sensuously. Jimin wanted to blame the alcohol for his actions. But he was perfectly aware of what he was doing. At a certain point, he was more focused on teasing Taehyung, than on his dance partner or the dance itself. His fast heartbeat and the adrenaline and the danger that burned in his veins. But for his own good, Hoseok hadn't even realized anything. Jimin wondered inwardly how had he gotten to the point of being satisfied to tease Taehyung with his best friend. It seemed stupidly ridiculous, but he couldn't feel guilty. For the first time, he could say he had some control over the boy, and not the other way around. When the song ended, both bodies were slowly separated. Hoseok offered him a nice, warm smile before pounding his head softly. "You're getting a lot better. I'm proud," Hoseok said in a loud tone so that his voice could be heard over the noise that dominated the place. ''I like to see you're getting more confident.'' Too bad this confidence has come for the worst reasons. Jimin thought before displaying a slight smile. If only Hoseok knew the true reason... He would be so disappointed. His head swayed back and forth slowly before letting his gaze focus on his previous point of interest, only to realize that Taehyung was no longer there. He wanted to convince himself that what he felt wasn't disappointment. Letting a slight sigh pierce his lips, Jimin looked at Hoseok once more before announcing that he would get new drinks, which was received with enthusiasm and a smile from his best friend's part. It was incredible how the boy was always happy. Jimin stepped back into the crowd, even bumping into half a dozen people on the way, until he finally reached the large drinking counter. ''Two Purple Hooter's, please,'' he asked politely as he let his body rest on the counter's wood so he could wait for his order more comfortably. His eyes closed in a calm act, and for a few moments it seemed that all the noise was gone. In the course of time, Jimin had learned to control his anxiety over the noise. Being a synaesthetic wasn't always easy in such situations, but he tried, at all costs, not letting it influence his life too much. Reality finally hit Jimin again - and suddenly - when he felt his wrist being wrapped by a strong, large hand. That familiar touch. His gaze was quickly revealed, but he wasn't even given the opportunity to observe the face of the tall figure, considering that his body was brusquely pulled to a more discreet area of the pavilion - a corner almost dominated by the darkness - where only a small group of people were. Jimin's body leaned against the wall at once, being cornered by his 'kidnapper'. Both their gazes crossed and he couldn't contain the need of torturing his lower lip. "What do you think you're doing?" Taehyung whispered, lips pressed against Jimin's ear. ''You think you can tease me?'' "I know I can." The gray-haired boy answered immediately, a confident smile perfectly defining the beautiful features of his face and a dangerous look that challenged Taehyung in the most daring way possible. One of his hands dared to land on the black fabric of his shirt, giving him the possibility of gently caressing the boy's chest. Jimin couldn't help but comment inwardly about how attractive Taehyung was that night. He wore a simple shirt tucked inside his pants and a not very formal blazer. A completely black look that offered a certain sensuality and elegance. His messy hair that contradicted his expensive look. ''You think you can disappear for a few days, pretend that nothing happened, and then act like a brat with me, hm? '' "Did you miss me that much?" Jimin teased, once more, only to feel the taller boy's forehead bump into his delicately. The proximity of their faces allowed him to feel the warmth and comfort of Taehyung's breath against his slightly flushed face. ''Were you afraid of falling for me that much?' The smile drawn on his fleshy lips only grew larger in the face of such a question. His hand slid slowly to the back of Taehyung's neck, a small pressure was exerted on the spot so that Jimin could tortuously brush his wet, chubby lips on the boy's. Then short, soft kisses were pressed on Taehyung's tense jaw, drawing a small path to the lobe of his ear, which was tortuously nibbled. "I would never fall for you." Jimin growled through his teeth, a sensual and provocative tone that made Taehyung tremble under his touch. He then pulled away once more, completely resting his back against the wall behind him and joining his gaze to the other boy's if by an imaginary line. ''You better not. Because I'll break your heart." Jimin felt the shock between the burning skin of his face and Taehyung's icy touch as his hand landed on his cheek. His thumb slowly traced Jimin's lower lip, but never daring to break the intense eye contact. ''Perhaps, I'll break yours.'' ''My heart is already broken.'' They both remained silent for a few seconds, and, at that moment, it was as if the only audible sounds were the sound of their breaths dancing with each other and the sound of their hearts that beat inside their chests like angry drums. It felt good to be like that. ''Kiss Me.'' Jimin finally muttered desperately. His mouth was already parted, waiting for Taehyung to finally satisfy his greatest desire. When the boy pressed his lips perfectly on his owns, Jimin felt that his body would undo itself in the most tortuous way possible. His legs trembled slightly, and both his hands had to seek the support of Taehyung's shoulders. It was a sweet, soft and slow kiss. And Jimin just wanted to let himself drown in that feeling.      



Chapter End Notes
Hi guys! Here's another chapter! I had such a hard time with this chapter, but I hope you enjoyed it.Kudos & comments will be much appreciated!Find me on twt and tumblr @/sovlmataes :)


Chapter 9
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin moved his hips slowly back and forth, his hands perfectly positioned on Taehyung’s bare chest. On the other hand, the taller boy kept his fingers pressed roughly against the pale, sweaty skin of his waist.His eyes - which mirrored the most sinful desire - were perfectly united, as if, in that moment, nothing could break that connection.Taehyung watched the way Jimin's fleshy lips were painfully parted and loud groans ripped through his throat and roamed their forbidden paradise whenever Taehyung unexpectedly lifted his own hips - making his skin hit Jimin’s indelicately - in order to make his cock thrust deeper and harder inside him.Bending his body to join his chest to the dark-haired boy’s and to reduce the painful distance between their faces, Jimin had the possibility to initiate a wild and tortuously perfect kiss against Taehyung's delicious and thick lips. He kissed them as if he hadn’t do it for months. He kissed them as if trying to indulge his endless desire, though it was impossible. He just wanted more, more and more."Faster," Taehyung ordered during the kiss, almost out of breath. Tongues that were curiously involved and explored each other's mouths, and accompanied the change of pace in Jimin's movements, who eventually sank on the hard and pulsating erection of the boy beneath him more abruptly and desperately.His wet lips slid between long, warm kisses along the line of Taehyung's jaw, something that forced his belly to contract involuntarily and sharply, and his lower lip to be trapped and tortured by his teeth.Jimin liked to be on top. This position gave him a certain advantage and a overwhelming and pleasant feeling of domination and power over Taehyung. Despite all his efforts not to demonstrate his weak side, Jimin knew that the boy wouldn’t resist for long."Stop holding it..." Jimin finally uttered in a delicious whisper against Taehyung's ear, before holding and torturing the lobe between his teeth and gently sliding his tongue across the reddish area. "I want to hear you moan. Please... please." His voice almost begged.One of his hands moved quickly and Jimin let his fingers grab Taehyung's hair and force his head to remain motionless as the boy tried to stop his gestures."I want to make you feel good..." His thirsty mouth eventually attacked the exposed skin of the other's neck as his body practically leapt onto Taehyung's lap - his waist moving as sensuously and provocatively as possible.Taehyung closed his eyes sharply and brought one of his hands to the side of Jimin's neck, fingers pressing gently against the reddened skin, due to the heat That surrounded the place. "You take my dick so well, pretty." The hoarse tone of his voice made itself heard and brought on numerous chills along the body of the smaller boy.He licked his lips before revealing the darkened tone of his iris, only to be able to observe the beautiful expression painted on Jimin's face, who had finally returned to his initial position. The way his shiny drops of sweat ran all over his flushed skin. The way his eyelids pressed against each other as his body squirmed at the movements that himself was performing.Am I- am I good enough?" Among desperate moans, Jimin managed to say. Inwardly, he felt lost. The need to satisfy Taehyung, to offer him the most pleasurable sensation, had almost become insane. He just wanted Taehyung to feel as good as he felt. "Do you want me?"Taehyung took his time to sit quietly against the bed cushion, only to be able to attach his lips to the boy's. A delicate, slow kiss. "I do," his husky voice murmured through the kiss, while Taehyung was now pressing short kisses on Jimin's bright, fleshy lips. "You're so fucking good, baby. You're doing so well. "Jimin finally let a faint smile appear on his face. His forehead met the other boy's, his eyes still perfectly closed. His cheeks and nose were painted with a bright pink."Look at me." Taehyung spoke once more, forcing his hips to move slowly. Movements in tune. It was as if his body danced with Jimin's and the only song that guided them were the delicious and beautiful noises that sprung up in Jimin's throat and pierced his magnificent lips. "I want you to look at me while you're coming."Jimin forced his eyes to open slowly, his slightly unfocused gaze that mirrored the emptiness of his mind. He could only feel it. Feel intensely. And see, that mess of colors in the back of his eyes. And he knew at that moment that his orgasm was coming.He tried at all costs to keep his eyes focused on Taehyung as he increased the speed of his movements, making the boy's erection reach his point of greatest pleasure. Taehyung's hands pressed against the skin of Jimin’s thighs, grabbing and making sure to leave some bruises all over that zone.And that was it.Jimin came so hard on his own stomach that he felt his body shudder incalculably. His gaze went completely white, just like his mind, and he couldn’t help it when his chest fell on Taehyung's in an ungracious and unexpected way. Despite the weakness that corrupted his being, Jimin still tried to continue his movements, so that Taehyung could equally fall apart in a wonderful and rapturous orgasm. But the other boy quickly stopped his movements.Leaving a light kiss on his shoulder, Taehyung carefully removed Jimin's body so that the boy could lie down next to him on the bed and he, himself, could finish the job by wrapping his hard cock and pulsing it quickly. His wrist moving up and down, while his belly contracted painfully.A overwhelming wave of pleasure embraced his weak figure, not long before a hoarse groan escaped through the closed line of his lips, which, pressing hard against each other, tried to contain any noise. His orgasm was eventually spread on his hand and abs, but the dark-haired boy hurried to wipe off all the traces of that forbidden moment with the help of some tissues.Jimin remained motionless. His eyes closed and his chest tried to catch his lost breath. He felt more exposed than ever. And he wished, for a moment, that Taehyung could approach and envelop his body. That he could warm and protect him until sleep took him."Taehyung," Jimin murmured, in an attempt to catch the attention of the taller boy, an action that turned out to be successful.Taehyung let his head fall calmly on one of the pillows of the bed, while his body was approaching slowly. All his attention on Jimin’s sensitive figure."Let's go out tomorrow."The boy only raised his eyebrow, incredulous at such a sudden proposal."Why would I do that?"Jimin gulped at the answer, before letting - cautious and hesitant - his hand slip along the white sheets so the tips of his fingers could reach Taehyung’s strong arm."It's not like we're datin-""It's okay if you don’t want to."Taehyung remained silent for a few seconds, merely observing the sleepy face of his colleague. He wondered inwardly what the hell was going on. This wasn’t common. Not between them.His body finally moved once more, his stomach staring at the ceiling, as well as his gaze that had focused all its attention on the annoying white color. Countless thoughts flooded into his mind, while Jimin's fingers drew small and imaginary lines on his skin.Going out wouldn’t hurt.No, it wasn’t like this was a date. It wasn’t like they were dating. It was just fine. Taehyung didn’t have to worry.Maybe."I... I'll think about it."Jimin merely smiled weakly before letting sleep lead him to another reality.  Taehyung still couldn’t believe what he had just accepted. He could only have lost his mind. Alcohol and tobacco were probably beginning to have some effect on his sense of reality. That was the only explanation possible.He still pondered - more than what his fingers could count - if he really should go. Maybe it would be better to stay at the dorm and drink. Maybe meet up with Jungkook or Yoongi and do something stupid.His gaze slowly traced his reflection in the mirror countless times, checking his own appearance. A gray turtleneck, tightly stuck between black jeans and a long coat that matched the beanie that covered and protected his head from the cold outside.Nibbling at his bottom lip for a few seconds - before letting a long sigh break that connection - Taehyung pulled away, pulling a cigarette from the packet that his fingers wrapped carefully. The deadly object was inserted between the dry layer of his lips, before his body moved hastily towards the exit.Taehyung had no idea what Jimin was planning. But he wasn’t too worried. The only thing he knew was that he should meet the gray-haired boy at the Han River Park.And that was enough for him.  It didn’t take long until he arrived. The place was filled with countless families, kids running around and throwing snowballs to each other. He could swear that a weak smile blossomed on his lips at the memories that popped into his mind. From when  himself, being the restless kid he was, used to throw himself into the snow or run after Jungkook, who was no more restful than himself, only to fall indelicately on the white blanket and giggle until their cheeks hurt.Taehyung missed to be a kid. He missed the pure innocence. He missed laughing willingly. He missed when the only thing that made him sad was when he lost a certain toy or when he missed an episode of his favorite cartoons.And, at that moment, he cursed himself for wanting to grow up so quickly.Shaking his head slowly from side to side, Taehyung allowed his thoughts to fade, giving him the ability to recognize the voice that called him in the distance. His gaze quickly searched for the source of the sound, and Jimin’s small figure was immediately detected. Taehyung couldn’t help smiling inwardly at the thought that Jimin seemed even smaller in that outfit. A thick, oversized coat, a scarf, and a beanie.How cute.The distance between the two bodies was significantly reduced, and Jimin was now facing him. A chuckle escaped his thick lips, and Taehyung couldn’t stop his eyebrows from rising due to the other’s weird attitude. "What is it?" Taehyung asked, as he brought one of his hands to the comfortable warmth of his pockets, the other held a new cigarette that was led to his lips so he could take a drag."I'm sorry but..." Jimin started, but new a new giggle escaped, preventing him from forming a coherent phrase.Taehyung even wondered if the boy wasn’t drunk.After taking a deep breath, Jimin allowed himself to control his own laughter, displaying a small smile instead. "Your nose is so red it looks like a tomato."Taehyung twisted his nose at such a confession. What the hell? Jimin really was something else. He giggled inwardly, not allowing any audible noise to come out as he moved his shoulders slowly up and down."Well, yours isn’t any better," Taehyung commented, perhaps as a way of defending himself, allowing a neutral expression to paint his face once more. "Why are we here?""To go ice skating!" Jimin replied with some enthusiasm, before moving his hand and pointing toward the huge ice rink that dominated a part of the park. "It’s been so long since I last-""I don’t think that's a good idea." Taehyung was quick to interrupt Jimin's enthusiasm, while his gaze took his time to scan the ice rink full of kinds."Why? It's going to be so fun-" the boy began, but he cut his own words when he noticed some concern in Taehyung's brownish gaze. "No way!"The dark-haired boy raised both eyebrows in surprise at Jimin's sudden loud voice, which had caught his attention."You don’t know how to ice skate?”Taehyung felt so embarrassed at that moment that he could swear that now it was not only his nose that was red but his whole face."Listen. It's not like-""I can teach you. It will be fun, I promise." A warm, friendly smile lit up Jimin's small face, while one of his delicate hands was laid on Taehyung's shoulder, perhaps trying to show him some confidence.Taehyung looked at him for a few seconds, in silence. Why was Jimin being so nice to him? Why? This wasn’t something really normal between them. Was he just pitying him? Did he want something in return? Taehyung couldn’t stop his mind from creating more and more similar thoughts, however, he just tried not to pay attention. And so his body eventually followed jimin’s steps towards the intended place.After getting the available skates, both entered quietly inside the rink. Taehyung held the rails tightly, while his gaze focused on the frozen floor."Taehyung, look at me," Jimin said quietly, causing his feet to slide slowly over the floor. "Slip one foot at a time, and bow your body slightly forward to keep your balance." His voice indicated, and then Jimin ended up exemplifying. "Just like this."Taehyung watched closely the movements of his colleague, slightly irritated by the fact that Jimin was really good at it. In fact, he seemed the only one in the place who didn’t know what he was doing. Swallowing, Taehyung finally let go of the railing and let his body command his movements on the floor. However, it didn’t take long until he lost his balance and his ass and back collided with the ice.Pain was remarkable in the expression that dominated his face at that moment, while a hand was led to the sore zone to massage his skin."Fuck," Taehyung murmured beneath his breath before sighing dramatically.Jimin quickly approached, between short laughs, and let the height of his body be reduced to Taehyung’s, who was still on the floor."This isn’t so funny." The dark haired boy grunted."Come here, hold my hands and I'll guide you." Jimin held out his hands to the other boy. Taehyung looked at him, speechless but the other just nodded, until a strong grip was felt on both of his hands.A long shiver ran through Jimin's body at the difference temperature between the icy skin of Taehyung and his own, warm. Without hesitation, Jimin removed the gloves he kept inside his pocket and covered Taehyung’s hands gently.Taehyung, at this point, no longer had words to describe what was happening. It was too much sympathy. He wasn’t used to have someone taking care of him, unless it was Jungkook. This was something new and he couldn’t say he didn’t like that feeling.Jimin's touch around his hands was pleasant, almost familiar, and distributed a comfortable wave of heat all over his body. Glued gazes and a smile that ripped Jimin's lips were enough to make all his worries vanish. It was enough for him to stop being afraid.And like that, both of them ended up enjoying a nice afternoon in each other's company. An afternoon full of falls and laughs. An afternoon filled with innocent touches and discreet, genuine smiles. And it was in that same afternoon that Taehyung felt genuinely happy for the first time in years.And it was in that same afternoon that Jimin fell in love with Taehyung's laugh. That wonderful, genuine sound he had never seen before. That wonderful and genuine sound that showed itself in beautiful yellow and turquoise spirals. That wonderful, genuine sound that ran through his body and sent shivers down his skin.And he couldn’t feel better.  As they walked back to the dorms building, they walked next to each other on the sidewalk. Bodies close but still far, thoughts that dominated their minds but didn’t dare to be exposed. They both remained silent for a moment, until Jimin tried to break it."Did you have fun?" His tone was low and calm, almost inaudible. His gaze remained focused on the path ahead, but that didn’t stop him from smiling weakly."Yeah, I actually did. Thank you for inviting me.""We should do something like this more often, maybe," Jimin said, a little hesitantly, before focusing all of his attention on Taehyung's face - slightly damaged by the cold - as he walked. "Just to relax ... you know."Taehyung's body stopped moving, unexpectedly, remaining motionless. Jimin felt confused at the moment. Had he said something stupid again?"Why would we do that?"Both Jimin's eyebrows knit together due to such a question. A question that didn’t seem to need an answer."I thought it could be fun."Taehyung didn’t know what frightened him the most. The idea of becoming too close to Jimin or of giving him hope of something that would never happen. Anyways, that situation was starting to become scary."Jimin, we're not-""-dating. I know. "Jimin dared to stand in front of Taehyung and look directly into his eyes, while the other boy nibbled at his lower lip in a sign of nervousness. "Wait here, I'll buy hot chocolate for us.”Taehyung realized that the smile that Jimin showed him before moving away towards a hot chocolate tent was nothing more than fake, which forced him to sigh in frustration as he leaned against the wall of one of the buildings. His eyes closed slowly, the faint sunlight piercing through the countless gray clouds, slightly warming his icy body.But Taehyung's tranquility quickly faded as he felt a strong grip around his neck, forcing his head to bump not so gently against the stone wall behind him. His eyes were revealed again, almost automatically, giving him the possibility of observing a masked man in front of him. A knife was skillfully drawn from the man's pocket and leaned against Taehyung's neck, who showed a neutral expression, while his heart was beating frantically against his chest.He thought, in the corners of his mind, that he was being robbed, until the strong man in black dared to let his voice be heard."You think you can do all the shit you want without dealing with the consequences? Let me tell you, kid, life isn’t a fairy tale." The horrible scent of brandy in the man's breath made Taehyung go dizzy."Are you going to beat me? Hurt me? Kill me?" Taehyung said confidently, a cynical smile filling his dry, purplish lips due to the cold. "Go ahead. I don’t fucking care."The man's fingers quickly grabbed Taehyung's hair and shoved his head violently against the wall. He could swear that the only thing he could hear in the next few seconds was an annoying buzzing and the slight groans of pain he released. His eyes closed briefly so that he could control the pain that had corrupted him at the moment. Taking a deep breath, the dark brown tone of his eyes met the man's for the first time.However, his focus quickly moved to the small figure of Jimin who stood a few feet away and who was looking at him, panic perfectly perceptible in the expression on his face, the cups of hot chocolate trembling frantically between his fingers.Taehyung's eyes widened sharply.Fuck. He almost forgot about Jimin.Waving his head discreetly, Taehyung told him to leave. Several times. But Jimin remained motionless, shocked."This is your last warning, you son of a bitch. Your father won’t tolerate such attitudes anymore. And I will be really happy to deal with this for him."Taehyung looked at him, anger burning now inside his eyes and his veins. Eyebrows abruptly contracted when the dark-haired boy spat directly into the face of his aggressor and kicked his shin violently, just to take advantage of the fact that the masked man stepped back in pain to order Jimin to go away, once again.However, the man - already recovered - didn’t hesitate to take the sharp object he held between his fingers, toward Taehyung's abdomen, ripping the fabric of his sweater and then his skin. Taehyung couldn’t describe the pain he felt. His hand quickly found the location of his wound, and it was painted by the blood that pierced the gray cloth.Jimin, on the other hand, let both cups of hot chocolate fall sharply on the stone sidewalk, catching the attention of the man in black who stared at him for a few seconds. "Last warning, motherfucker." It was the only thing he uttered before looking at Taehyung one last time and running toward the end of the street. Taehyung's body slid slowly along the wall until he could sit on the floor. The movements of his chest were jerky and fast as well as his heartbeat.It was more than obvious that this man had been sent by his father to scare him, all because of what had happened days before. But Taehyung felt no regret. If he could go back in time, he wouldn’t hesitate and probably would have done much worse.But on the other hand, he wished he had been strong enough to get the fuck out of there before getting hurt.The distance between his body and Jimin's was then reduced when the boy finally moved, disturbed and panicked, only to kneel on the ground beside Taehyung. Eyes filled with crystal clear tears, the boy drew his trembling hands close to the dark-haired boy's abdomen."He- He hurt you...""Why didn’t you leave?! I fucking told you to go away!" In spite of his weakened state, Taehyung found strength to have his words pronounced in an arduous and authoritative way.He didn’t even want to think about Jimin getting hurt. After all, no one deserved to be punished for his own acts. Taehyung would have to deal with the consequences for himself."Wha- What did you do? Why did he- hurt you?""Why didn’t you do what I told you to?!""I didn’t know what to do! I couldn’t run away!" Jimin yelled back. Taehyung knew he was scared and he didn’t judge him. Taehyung also knew that it wasn’t his fault. At this point, Jimin could only sob under his breath. Desperate tears wet the red apples of his cheeks as he hid his face in the curvature of the taller boy's neck.Taehyung felt himself falling apart, but now he couldn’t blame the pain."Don’t cry.""I need to take you to a hospital-""No. Just ... take me to your dorm."Jimin wanted to refuse. However, he wasn’t able to.   Taehyung was lying on Jimin's familiar bed, eyes closed and slight groans and moans blossomed inside his throat while the gray-haired boy applied disinfectant over the long cut on the boy's abdomen with the help of a piece of cotton. Fortunately, the cut wasn’t too deep, so it wouldn’t have a problem healing itself.Jimin sighed inaudibly as he set the first aid kit on the bedside table after putting a bandage over the wound. It seemed that Jimin taking care of Taehyung and healing his wounds would become something frequent.The dark tone of his iris focused all his attention on Taehyung. Small drops of sweat rolled down his face and bare chest, and Jimin couldn’t help but bring one of his hands to the other's skin, gently removing the crystalline drops. It was cold but Taehyung was sweating like crazy."Tell me what happened." Jimin murmured calmly, his voice showing some of the worry that still enveloped his being. He ended up occupying the empty side of the bed, keeping his body close to Taehyung's. But not too close.Taehyung swallowed as he revealed the beautiful hazel of his eyes once more, just so he could face Jimin. His tongue traced his lips slowly, before finally speaking."Why do you care?""I just ... do.""I don’t need your pity."“It’s funny that you think that I pity you, after everything."Taehyung felt his stomach contract slowly. Why couldn’t he believe those words? As sincere as Jimin seemed, he just couldn’t. Why was it so difficult? Why was it so hard to give in and just trust?"I just... deserved it." The way his words were uttered showed some rancor, but he was being genuine. With his hands resting on the comfortable sheets, Taehyung tried to carefully raise his fragile being to be able to sit down. "I vandalized my dad's fucking company. But you know what? I have no regrets. Not even a bit."Jimin wished that it wasn’t the real reason. He wished things were very different because that would only bring him to reality. A reality where Taehyung was what Jimin most despised."This is so wrong. What you do is so wrong." With his eyebrows knit together, Jimin didn’t dare looking at Taehyung. He didn’t feel capable of it. The soft cushion was held against his own body, as if he tried to find some comfort in the midst of all that situation. "You don’t have to do that. Why don’t you just stop? ""Because that-" Taehyung began, however, he forced himself to interrupt his own words so that he could sigh heavily and face his fingers that intertwined frantically with each other. "Because if I stop, there's nothing left to feel."Jimin felt a slight squeeze on his chest at such confession.Wow, that really was something deep. But it couldn’t justify his actions.But, for the first time, Jimin wanted to understand Taehyung. He wanted to understand what was going on inside his mind, inside hi heart. And he felt that maybe ... maybe he could do something to help."That's the only thing that still makes me feel alive.""I can make you feel something else," Jimin whispered under his breath, but his words were perfectly detected by Taehyung, who swallowed. One of his hands slid delicately over the white sheets, only to be able to rest it - hesitantly - over the taller boy’s.Jimin's delicate touch made Taehyung shudder involuntarily. That touch that gave him the most familiar safety. That touch that - as much as he wanted to deny it - he loved so much. It was all too overwhelming. Too much to think about."Why would you do that?""Because I care.""Well, don’t. I don’t want you to care.""Believe me, I would do anything not to care. But I can’t.""Jimin-"Jimin eventually moved slowly, reducing the distance between both bodies, and slightly lifting his own just to leave a light kiss on Taehyung's dry lips before helping the boy to lay back on the bed. "It's okay, just rest."Taehyung's brows twitched in disbelief. He wondered inwardly about what the hell was going on inside Jimin's mind. However, he tried not to give too much importance at the time. Certainly, things would go back to to normal the next day.Both were weak, perhaps needy, because of everything that happened that day. It would be temporary and Taehyung wouldn’t have to worry about it.Yes, everything would go back to normal.His eyes closed slowly and he allowed himself to be snuggled by the comfort of the blankets and the warmth of Jimin's body by his side, not long before being carried away by sleep.Jimin, on the other hand, forced himself to stay awake. His fingers traced imaginary lines over the rosy apples of Taehyung's sleepy face. The way his lips formed a small pout never failed to make Jimin melt before the innocent image that was transmitted."Who hurt you so much that now you don’t even allow anyone to take care of you?"And at that moment, Jimin thought he could fall in love.But he just didn’t know if he still could stop it from happening.     The next few days, Jimin felt ... different. Different because he himself couldn’t define what was happening. There was no reason or a moment when it had begun.At least, not yet.Jimin began to wait for more, to want more.He didn’t want just sex. No, he wanted to hold Taehyung's hand once more. He wanted more afternoons like the one on the ice rink. He wanted to make Taehyung laugh because the boy had the most beautiful laugh Jimin had ever heard. He wanted soft kisses and gentle touches after every pleasurable moment they shared. He wished Taehyung wouldn’t leave every time.He wanted more. He wanted to enjoy more.And Jimin couldn’t explain why. That feeling was driving him crazy. It was as if he couldn’t think about anything but that. It was as if his days were summed up to those thoughts only. He tried, repetitively and relentlessly, to convince himself that he wasn’t getting too attached to the boy. That it was all his stupid self being needy. He tried to convince himself that, perhaps, he was just feeling lonely.Worse, he tried to convince himself that he wasn’t falling in love.Because - of course - that would be a ridiculous and stupidly weak act on his part. He knew the risks, he knew he couldn’t give in. He couldn’t let his carelessness ruin everything. He couldn’t let his need make him its own puppet. To Taehyung, Jimin would never pass from someone with whom he could occasionally have fun. Someone he could fuck even more often.But Jimin was starting to feel exhausted."Jimin, are you listening to me?"Jimin blinked countless times  and finally focused his gaze on the tall boy in front of him. A long sigh made itself heard as his fragile fingers enveloped the crystal clear glass of red wine before leading itto his fleshy lips to drink the delicious liquid."I’m sorry,” Jimin apologized as he set the glass back on the table, his hands then resting on his lap.This was one of those nights when Namjoon could find some time in his busy schedule to spend a quality moment with Jimin. Nights like these weren’t frequent, but when they happened, they were always filled with deep conversations, good wine and a few laughs."There's a lot going on in my life right now."Namjoon let a low, sympathetic laugh escape his thick lips as he sat comfortably on the chair, allowing himself to keep his full attention on the younger boy."Like always, right?"A new smile blossomed on Jimin's lips as he nodded slowly, confirming the other's words. The truth was that Namjoon was right. His fingers gripped the bottom of the fabric of his cloth, almost like a way of trying to distract himself from his thoughts."I just... I've been hooking up with this guy and it was great in the beginning but-" Jimin started to talk hurriedly, causing his gaze to land on the different details of the restaurant. A wave of heat traveled his body and he could have sworn that a pink color dominated the area of his cheeks now. "I mean, it's still great but-""But something changed." Namjoon completed, his gaze showing some curiosity and understanding."Exactly. I used to hate this guy, you know. But now... Now I kinda care about him? And I don’t fucking know why. It's driving me crazy."Namjoon let a small smile fill his lips before taking the remaining drink from glass, eventually crossing his hands on the table then."Maybe you're getting too attached to him? Taking into count the fact that you both share something intimate. You know, this kind of thing turns out to be inevitable." The boy's tone was calm and low, forcing Jimin's brown gaze to be drawn to Namjoon’s. "Maybe, you like him.""I don’t like him. Not that way. "Jimin replied at once, a bit defensive at Namjoon’s assumption. But he didn’t know if he was more interested in convincing himself or the boy in front of him. "I mean, I just like being with him?""And you think that's a problem.""Maybe. Because things shouldn’t change, especially when it's just on one side. ""What if it's not just one side?"Jimin remained silent for a few seconds, deepening the question, before sighing."It doesn’t matter. Things shouldn’t change.""Regardless of the situation, you have to realize that when you stop just "liking being with him”, things will change again"After that, Jimin didn’t mention anything about the issue anymore. But Namjoon's words lingered in his mind and made his appetite disappear.What if Jimin was no longer just in love with all the sensations Taehyung offered him?He didn’t think he wanted to know.    They had been waiting inside the car for about two hours.Yoongi remained with his eyes closed and didn’t pronounced a single word, while Taehyung drummed on the dash of the car impatiently with Jungkook's delay. The boy had lost track of how many times he had sighed or stared at the colored screen of his phone, perhaps waiting for some news.But nothing came up.It wasn’t Jungkook's custom to take so long, which left Taehyung slightly worried. He just hoped the boy hadn’t done something stupid. Shaking his head from side to side before sighing for the nth time, Taehyung merely held his favorite weapon and clutched it skillfully between the waistband of his trousers before opening the door furiously and letting his body - finally - be greeted by the icy breeze of the night, not mentioning a single word to his partner.Eventually Yoongi ended up following his steps, not avoiding asking if Jungkook would still appear."I don’t fucking know. But we can’t wait anymore." Taehyung spat, his gaze examining his target in detail. A small local convenience store.His lips were gently moistened while his long fingers placed his familiar black mask so he could cover the features of his face before reducing the not so long distance between his body and the place that was about to be vandalized . The weapon was slowly taken and properly pointed at the old lock, Taehyung held his lower lip between his teeth as he carefully closed one of his eyes. His thumb played over the trigger, preparing to shoot, when the sound of footsteps alarmed him.Both of his eyebrows were slightly raised, his hand - now positioned behind his own back, indicated Yoongi to hurry back to the car. Taehyung ended up walking silently towards the source of the sound, in the corner of another street.And it was at that moment that the sound of footsteps could be detected again, forcing Taehyung to move his body quickly, almost automatically, and point the weapon he held towards the tall figure moving. But what was his surprise when he recognized Jungkook."Are you going to kill me?" The boy's tone was ironic, as was the cynical smile that filled his rosy lips.The weapon was slowly lowered, a heavy sigh abandoning his cracked lips in relief. "Fuck you." Taehyung allowed himself to speak, before locking the lethal object again between the belt of his dark blue jeans. "Where the fuck were you?""None of your business." The response was immediate, as was the movement of his shoulders, which showed indifference to the way he had addressed Taehyung.Taehyung, himself, couldn’t help contracting both his eyebrows, the tone of voice and the response he had received was surely unfamiliar. What the hell was going on? He wasn’t accustomed to this kind of treatment, especially if it was coming from Jungkook.He eventually approached in short steps, taking his time to look at the details of his best friend's face."I thought we had no secrets for each other.""Funny, I used to think the same way."Taehyung felt his stomach contract at such words.The irony of the moment. How could Taehyung want Jungkook not to have secrets for him, when he himself spent his life hiding things? Lying?Betraying?Taehyung swallowed hard before going back again. Jungkook's gaze was cold, distant, empty, as was his posture. This wasn’t the Jungkook he was accustomed to. This wasn’t his Jungkook.And for some reason that made him feel equally empty."Go home. We don’t need you here anymore." Taehyung said, rude, trying to hide the way he really felt. And that was just one more thing he could hide perfectly. His body turned around, and as he prepared to return to the place he was before, Taehyung felt the bottom of his sweater being pulled tightly. Then, his wrist. His back hit the wall, and his gaze met the darkness of Jungkook's iris. The boy's forehead rested on his own, which gave him the opportunity to feel Jungkook’s breath getting involved with his.Taehyung felt his heartbeat accelerate slightly in the face of the unpredictability of the moment. And almost as if his instincts commanded him, he finally brought one of his hands to Jungkook’s warm, soft cheek."Kiss me," Taehyung murmured in an almost inaudible tone, his eyelids uniting in a delicate movement. His fingers moved now along the boy's skin."What?""Just... just kiss me."What the fuck are you doing?!Taehyung’s conscience screamed inside his mind, but his body didn’t seem to want to obey. It was as if he had simply stopped in time.Taehyung felt the soft touch of Jungkook's lips on his, which remained motionless for a few seconds, before being wrapped in an intense, warm kiss. Jungkook took one of his hands to Taehyung’s thin waist, his fingers firmly pressed against the fabric of the sweater he wore. Tongues dancing in tune, intensified the kiss between panting breaths and discrete touches.Taehyung moved his hand towards his best friend's hair, where his fingers were carefully intertwined, while Jungkook took the time to nibble gently on his lower lip, causing him to shiver slightly.Jungkook was an excellent kisser. But that was all. There was nothing left. There wasn’t a tingling in the back of his abdomen. There wasn’t a burning desire that dominated his body and burned his veins.When Taehyung pulled away slowly, breaking the kiss, regret invaded his being. What the fuck had he just done..."I'm sorry. I- I just wanted to feel something."The tight grip on his cloth ended when Jungkook took his touch away from Taehyung, backing off in short steps just to look at him. Pain and sorrow filled the dark tone of his iris now. And Taehyung could swear that he had felt his heart break into countless pieces before the image he was offered."But you didn’t." Jungkook stated, bringing his hands to the wide pockets of his coat. Small clouds of hot breath left his lips as his words were spoken. "Because I'm not him, am I?""What?""I saw you... with Jimin. Twice." Jungkook's voice broke with a sob that escaped unexpectedly and Taehyung couldn’t feel worse.How had he been so careless? Why wasn’t he sincere since the beginning? Why... why."Jungkook-""I thought it was something of a week, maybe. But then you started disappearing. We started to spend less time together. You started to come up with excuses and more excuses. And then I realized." As Jungkook lifted his gaze, Taehyung wished he could escape. Tears filled the look in his eyes, mirroring the deep disappointment of a broken heart."Me and Jimin... that's nothing.""It doesn’t matter. Because I'm never going to be good enough." Jungkook took one of his arms to meet his wet face, in order to remove the tears that kept rolling in along his cheekbones. "But you know what? Thank you for letting me know how it feels like.”Taehyung wanted to move closer and wrap Jungkook in his arms. Comfort him. But he hadn’t such right. This was all his fault, the fault of his stupid actions, his stupid immaturity.The young man in front of him showed him a last smile before running away towards the exit.It was then that he finally understood Jungkook's words.”You destroy everything you touch.“ 
And he had just destroyed Jungkook as well.



Chapter End Notes
Hi guys! I hope you had an amazing Christmas !!Here’s another chapter, hope you enjoy it.Comments & kudos will be much appreciated.Find me on twt or tumblr @/sovlmataes


Chapter 10
Chapter Notes
Hi guys! Here's another chapter, after almost a month without posting ajcbe I'm so sorry but I had exams. The last part of this chapter has a panic attack scene (not very descriptive but still) and, if you don't feel very comfortable with that kind of stuff or if it triggers you smh, I don't recommend you to read that part of the chapter.The whole chapter is inspired by Sia's Breathe Me, if you want to check it out.That's it, I hope you enjoy it!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"What?" Taehyung asked, certain that, most probably, he hadn't heard correctly. With perfectly lined eyebrows and a small wrinkle between them, his hands held his jeans, motionless. "Stay. Just tonight." Jimin's voice was low, his frail body snuggled in a fetal position while his trembling fingers played with the fabric of the cushion. ''Please.'' It took every ounce of him to say those same words. Those very words that every day were formed inside his throat and got lost on the tip of his tongue. Those very words that his heart was dying to utter and that his mind so much insisted that they remained a secret.
Jimin could feel the confusion in the expression that dominated the face of the other, even if he couldn't see it. His gaze refused to look at Taehyung's half-naked figure, being more interested in the numerous frames that filled the white walls of the room. Out of all the possible reactions, - and he even expected to hear Taehyung laugh out loud at the ridiculous request he had just made - this wasn't certainly on his list. Taehyung let his jeans slip between his long, slender fingers, only to fall once more on the wooden floor. A heavy sigh escaped his dry lips as he walked out of the room, his hands holding the cigarette packet that had been left on the small table hours earlier. A deadly cigarette was delicately placed between his lips, to give him the opportunity to take a deep drag and let the intoxicating smoke fill his lungs. Jimin's footsteps were perfectly perceptible a few seconds later, and his small, delicate figure appeared in front of him. His body was only covered by his boxers and a small white sheet that was falling down his back, leaving his bare chest - and slightly sweaty - to shine in the light of the moon that pierced the window. Messy hair, full red lips, and small purple marks that colored the skin of his neck, as well as the skin of his jaw. Jimin was really... beautiful. "You've been smoking so much lately," Jimin murmured slowly and lazily as he took one of his hands from the comfort and warmth of the small sheet, only to set it down on Taehyung's blushed face. His gaze watched as the other squirmed, closed his eyes sharply and pressed his lips hard against the cigarette. His fingers trembled frantically against the palm of his hands. Jimin knew he was doing his best. And he understood the reasons behind that reaction, which he was already so used to. "What is it that bothers you so much? What's going on with you?" The gray-haired boy dared to let his thumb slide on the length of Taehyung's cheek, gently caressing his skin, while his gaze took his time to observe every detail of the other's face. "Nothing." "Taehyung..." Jimin's voice seemed to have broken as he tried to continue the sentence, his fingers traveling now towards thehair that was falling on his forehead, pulling it back in a slow motion. ''I see you, ok? I see you.'' The boy's eyes were revealed again, joining Jimin's for a few seconds. He watched his lips expand in a faint smile, and the way a wave of heat flowed through his body, offering him a familiar, comfortable feeling. The cigarette was pushed away from his lips, just so he could let the smoke spread through the dorm's air. "I haven't seen you with your friends lately. Jungkook and Yoongi. Is everything alright?" Jimin regretted mentioning such a subject when Taehyung's jaw stiffened and his face drifted away from Jimin's warm touch. The taller boy's body eventually moved in the opposite direction. Taehyung could feel a weight inside his chest and for a few seconds he thought his heart was drowning in his own hurt and anger. A new drag was taken, and he quickly approached the window to be able to send the cigarette butt away. The gray-haired boy approached, almost desperately - wasn't he afraid about the possibility of Taehyung going back on his decision - and wrapped the other's wrist. "I'm sorry. I- I didn't mean to upset you." Taehyung's silence was stifling, but, at least, he was there. He didn't try to push Jimin away. He didn't shout at him. He didn't leave. He just remained motionless and silent for long seconds, letting the warmth of Jimin's skin heat up his own. Jimin's strong arms were wrapped around Taehyung's body, part of the sheet covering his bare waist as well. "Tell me about the things you love," he murmured against the naked skin of the other's chest. "Why?" Jimin lifted his face partially to look at Taehyung before taking his hand and leading his heavy, fatigued body back into the bedroom, making him lie down gently on the comfortable mattress of the bed. "Trust me." That was the last thing he said before he sat on Taehyung's lap and let his chest cover the other's - the small sheet covering both bodies. "What do you love? What are you passionate about? Let me know about it." Jimin muttered, now pressing light and long kisses against Taehyung's jaw. Taehyung, on the other hand, raised his eyebrows in surprise and parted his lips slightly, but no word were uttered at that moment. He blinked many times, swallowed hard, and just focused his gaze on the white ceiling, while Jimin now ventured down his neck. They were gentle, long and loving kisses. Completely different from the desperate, messy and sinful ones they usually shared. He felt uncomfortable, but not for the reason he imagined. He felt uncomfortable because, deep down, he was enjoying it. And the way his heart rate quickened and his breathing grew heavier, wouldn't let him lie. "Speaking of the things we love makes the bad thoughts go away." "I love ..." Taehyung began, his hands moved hesitantly and almost... almost... landed on the waist of the boy on top of him. They almost wrapped his body in a warm embrace. But they quickly rested again on the blankets. "I love the ocean.""What do you love about the ocean?" "It's unpredictable. It's absolutely beautiful. But despite all the beauty and purity it mirrors, it can also be scary. It can hypnotize you with its tranquilizing nature, but if you're not careful, it can betray you and then you're stuck. I guess the ocean is just like some people." The way the words left Taehyung's lips, so serene, slow, made Jimin's heart warm and a brief smile bloomed on his lips as he pressed new kisses on the boy's cheeks. Taehyung had a mind far deeper and more wonderful than what Jimin had ever imagined. "Tell me more." And like that, Taehyung told Jimin about his passion about the sky. The way it could mirror the most diverse emotions. The way he loved the starry night sky. He told him about how much he loved his mother's unusual laugh and that was particularly like his own. With his eyes delicately closed, his eyelashes caressing the flushed skin of his face, Jimin let the husky, calm voice of Taehyung involve him equally and offer him the most beautiful mix of colors that moved in tune as he uttered every word. A mixture of colors that contrasted with all the sensations that attacked the inside of his stomach. And that was when he knew. When Taehyung fell asleep, deliciously nestled beneath Jimin, the latter felt sobs forming inside his throat. His eyes weighed and burned with the countless tears that began to roll along his cheekbones. He moved slightly - trying at all costs not to wake the sleeping boy up - and reached for the phone that rested on the bedside table. He quickly marked the familiar number, and at this point the sobs began to become more intense. 
"Hello? Jimin?"
 "Hoseok, I'm in love."    
When Taehyung woke up the next day, Jimin was still on top of his body. His small fingers duly rested on his bare chest, legs intertwined, and his face hidden between the curvature of Taehyung's neck. Jimin's slow, warm breath was strangely relaxing. His own hands rested on the back of the boy, giving him the opportunity to feel the small dimples that were drawn there. Taehyung thought he had gone mad the moment he let the thought that Jimin's body seemed to have been done for his own, invade his mind. One of his hands left the warm skin of Jimin's back and approached - slowly and hesitantly - the chubby face of the gray-haired boy, so he could feel his skin with his fingertips. It was warm, soft, and deliciously delicate. Then the palm of his hand was wrapped around Jimin's plump cheek and stroked it slowly. He smiled slightly when he realized that his hand looked huge on the other's face. These were the little details Taehyung had never bothered to notice. Or at least he was never interested in it. 
Until now.
 Letting both his hands return to their initial spot, Taehyung put a little pressure on Jimin's waist so he could lay his sleeping body on the white sheets. However, the boy eventually wrapped both his arms around Taehyung's neck, pulling him towards him. ''Stay... with me.'' Jimin's morning voice was absolutely attractive. Thick, hoarse, raspy. Taehyung felt his own breath get stuck inside his throat for brief seconds, and he could swear that his heart had stopped that moment. ''I need to go, Jimin.'' Jimin hummed for a second, then let his fingers gently wrap Taehyung's strands of hair lovingly stroking them and offering shivers all over his body. Jimin's fleshy lips settled over Taehyung's in a calm gesture, however they didn't move. Taehyung let his eyelids close serenely. He even considered pulling Jimin away and just get up. However, his subconscious stopped him. Fingers traced the side of Jimin's body, sliding down his butt and waist and moving towards the top of his back, so that one of his arms could wrap around his body and completely reduce the distance. Their chests that brushed calmly from every movement they made to breathe. ''Why are you doing this to me?'' ''Because I want you.'' In a heartbeat, Taehyung allowed his lips to be parted, and he could receive Jimin's completely. He moved them slowly, tasting and feeling the other boy's mouth. An affectionate, delicate kiss, which both of them took their time to enjoy the moment the fullest. To feel the fullest. ''I want you too.'' They didn't have sex. They just stayed like that for long, indeterminate minutes, getting drunk on each other's lips. Letting discreet touches lead them to another reality. Letting unfamiliar feelings consume them.      Taehyung had always been one of those people who tried to convince himself, at all costs, that he was better alone. In fact, if he was alone, he couldn't hurt anyone and, also, no one could hurt him. If he was alone, he couldn't take the risk of becoming too attached to people in a minute and have his heart broken the next minute. If he was alone, things would be much easier. Yes, everyone would be much happier without him bothering them. His parents. Jungkook. Yoongi. Even Jimin. However, he found himself in a difficult battle against his being. The first few days were easy, until he realized that now he was really alone. He missed Jungkook's comforting hugs. He missed the stupid jokes, his concern, the way a look was enough for them to understand each other. He knew it was his fault, and he was only dealing with the consequences of his actions. No matter how much it cost him, and how much that was destroying him completely, he had to put up with it. Maybe someday... one day things will go back to normal. Sitting awkwardly on the shed's small sofa, Taehyung allowed himself to observe the smoke that filled the dark place, only illuminated by the light that pierced the small curtains of the window. On a normal day, Jungkook would probably be sleeping on that same sofa while Taehyung would be attacking the boxing bag with innumerable punches and expressing his inner frustration. Yoongi would probably be drinking in a corner. That small space now seemed huge and too empty. And it seemed that Taehyung could hear his own thoughts. Noisy, countless. The heavy door of the shed opened, revealing a furious Yoongi that walked towards him. Taehyung raised his body calmly to receive the boy, both of his eyebrows lifted in surprise. However, he was greeted by a clenched fist that abruptly hit his jaw and lower lip, causing his body to go back unexpectedly at the impact. Taehyung fell once more on the old couch, only to take one of his hands towards the wounded spot, small drops of blood to staining his skin. He remained motionless, not daring to take his gaze to meet the black-haired boy. Again, on a normal day, Taehyung wouldn't hesitate to stand up and return the gesture. And that was exactly what surprised Yoongi at that moment. He, himself, expected a reaction from his friend. Letting a sigh drop his thin lips, Yoongi approached quietly and sat down on the sofa as well. Body slightly tilted forward, elbows resting on his legs. "When will you stop being a fucking asshole?" Yoongi broke the silence that settled for long minutes, but in the absence of an answer, his hoarse tone made itself sound again. ''I told you not to hurt him.'' ''I know.'' Taehyung sighed and looked at his own hands, which now rested on fabric of his pants, which were also dyed by the reddish tint of his own blood. "I never meant to hurt him. At all.''
 
''You better solve this shit up and talk to him.'' ''He's better without me.'' His own words made his stomach contract in bitterness. Yoongi nodded, confirming the words that had just been uttered. ''I won't deny it. However, he still needs you,'' he said, letting his gaze sweep across the space for a few seconds, only to detect the countless bottles and packets of cigarettes spreaded across the floor. ''And I know you need him too.'' Taehyung refused to respond. The answer was too obvious. He swallowed and let his body relax against the bumpy cushion behind him. Taking the outside of his arm to his face, Taehyung had the opportunity to wipe the remains of his wound with the aid of the sleeve of his sweater. ''The things with that guy... Jimin? Is it serious or?'' Taehyung knew that, sooner or later, that very question was going to emerge. Pressing his lips against each other in a sign of nervousness, he let the question echo inside his mind, as if giving him time to think about an answer. ''We're just fucking around.'' Yoongi raised his eyebrow in suspicion. His gaze focused perfectly on the mess Taehyung's face was now. The purple bags beneath his eyes didn't go unnoticed, either. ''For how long have you guys been just fucking around tho?'' ''Two months, maybe?'' Taehyung watched Yoongi's lips curl into an 'o', and his eyebrows becoming one. ''I've known you for two years now and I've never seen you fucking around with the same person for so lon-'' ''It's not what you're thinking.'' ''So you're going to tell me you don't like him?'' Taehyung's lower lip was tortured by his teeth. That was certainly a sensitive topic. In a sudden movement, Taehyung lifted his body once more and forced himself to walk on the floor of the shed, his gaze watching every step taken by his feet. ''It's not like that with us.'' ''Then, if you don't like him, let him go.'' Taehyung stopped. His gaze focused all of its attention on Yoongi's pale face, but now it was his own eyebrows that came together almost involuntarily. What? Letting Jimin go wasn't an option that had gone through Taehyung's mind, at all. ''Let him go before he falls for you. We don't want another Jungkook situation, do we?''  Yoongi also got up, not taking long in closing the distance between his body and Taehyung's. One of his hands rested on the boy's shoulder and a small, sympathetic smile blossomed on his lips for a brief moment. ''I mean, if he's not already in love with you.''      Jimin waited for Hoseok outside on the small esplanade across from the college cafe. The day was nice. Slight rays of sunshine warmed the skin of his face and offered him the long-forgotten springtime comfort. From that place, Jimin could see the small garden he loved so much. Small flowers began to bloom in the few cherry trees that filled the place, and the image simply dazzled Jimin's gaze. They were his favorites, for sure. His usual coffee mug tucked between his fingers, warmed his hands and the sound of birds singing, offered Jimin the wonderful blend of begonia and blue-violet that banded and danced in the back of his eyes. Hoseok's familiar figure quickly appeared in Jimin's field of vision as the boy approached the table and sat down in the chair available in front of him. A radiant smile filling his lips. But something told Jimin that that smile wouldn't stay intact for a long time. "Tell me everything!" Hoseok said enthusiastically and Jimin almost felt guilty for what he was about to reveal. Taking the mug to meet his dry lips, Jimin had the opportunity to drink the remaining liquid that filled the object, only to put the mug back on the wooden table after. "You have to promise me you won't judge me." Jimin started and his face quickly painted a serious expression, his heart pounding frantically inside his chest. ''I'd never judge you, Jimin. You know you can tell me anything." Hoseok smiled familiarly. Nervousness made his hands tremble frantically in his lap, fingers intertwined with each other as a long sigh dropped his lips inaudibly. As Jimin prepared to finally reveal the name that lived inside his mind, Hoseok's excitement ended up being showed once more. ''Is he hot? How is his personality? I mean, have you kissed him yet? Does he like cats like you? Does he know how to dance? Fuck, is he good in bed-'' ''It's Taehyung!'' Jimin ended up letting it out in a louder tone than he intended, catching the attention of others who also relaxed outside the cafe. The smile that laid on the lips of the orange-haired boy vanished almost automatically, just as Jimin had foreseen. And at that moment, Jimin felt small. Shrinking slightly against his chair and letting his body slide slightly over it as he covered his flushed face - wasn't he feeling embarrassed to death - with the aid of his hands. ''Please, tell me that you're kidding.'' The difference in the boy's tone was perfectly noticeable. Though he couldn't see it, Jimin knew that Hoseok now mirrored a look of disappointment. ''Tell me that it's not the Taehyung I'm thinking about.'' ''Listen, I didn't choose to fall for him. I... I didn't want this to happen.'' "I warned you to stay away from him. Fuck, Jimin. You should know better." Jimin dared to reveal his face once more, just so he could feel his chest contract under the look that Hoseok was giving him. ''He's a fucking asshole, he doesn't deserve someone like-'' ''Stop talking about him like that.'' Jimin watched Hoseok's eyebrows rise sharply, almost disbelieving the words he had just uttered. At this point, Jimin could no longer describe whether what he felt was nervousness, anger, or disappointment. ''He's not a bad person. He just needs someone to take care of him and love him. And- And I want to be that person. He makes me feel so good. He makes me feel and see the most beautiful things ever, Hoseok. I really like him a lot." ''You don't like him! You just love what he makes you feel and you'll end up with your heart broken if you don't stop this mess now, Jimin.'' Jimin let his fists close almost automatically due to what he heard. How did Hoseok dare to say something like that? He had no right to speak as if he knew any shit about what Jimin was feeling. Anger started to burn in his veins, and Jimin felt his body warm drastically, causing him to stand up from his chair. ''You don't know shit about this. I didn't expect you to accept, but a bit of support would be nice." Jimin murmured, his voice shaking with the adrenaline of the moment, and his words seemed to run over each other at the speed he was speaking. ''I can't support you when I know you're the one who's going to suffer in the end.'' His lower lip trembled in tune with his hands and, for brief moments, he thought he would break into tears. His chest was heavy and his heart contracted more painfully with each passing second. Jimin refused to accept the words Hoseok addressed to him. He refused to accept that this was the reality, though deep down he was aware that his friend was - most likely - right. But he was so blind. So fucking blind. He wanted to believe that, maybe... maybe, there was a possibility that Taehyung felt the same. Maybe if Jimin spent a little more time, maybe if Jimin showed him that he could feel something else, something more, maybe... maybe things would turn out and Jimin wouldn't have to end up with his fucking heart broken. ''You don't fucking know him.'' 
''And do you?''
 Jimin let the answer remain a mystery, just looking at his best friend for a few seconds before he carried his pack on his shoulder and hurried away. Did he know Taehyung, at all? Jimin didn't know the answer.     Two days later, Jimin found himself surprised when he received a call from Taehyung in the middle of the night. Scrubbing his eyes carelessly with the back of his hand and lifting his body slightly, Jimin pulled the small electronic device against his ear. ''Taehyung, it's 2am, what's wron-'' 
''Jungkook, I... I didn't mean- I didn't want to-''
 The tone of Taehyung's voice instantly awakened Jimin's tired state. The boy sounded breathless, desperate, and a slight touch of crying marked every word. "It's Jimin. Where are you? Are you drunk?'' ''Jimin? I- I don't... I- I can't breathe'' The gray haired boy's eyes widened almost automatically as his body lifted from the bed in a hurried motion. Jimin kept the device pressed to his ear while he was wearing some pants and an old sweater. ''Tae, where are you? I'll come to you.'' 
''I'm- my dorm ... I can't fucking breathe properly!''
 ''Please, try to breathe slowly. I'm on my way.'' And so, Jimin eventually left his own dorm and ran desperately toward Taehyung's, which was located downstairs, but never daring to turn off the call, just to be sure that the state of the other didn't get worse. When he arrived, the gray-haired boy was faced with the fact that the door was open, which caused the involuntary union of his eyebrows as his body invaded the interior of the dorm. In spite of the darkness, Jimin had the opportunity to observe countless broken bottles on the floor, as well as cigarettes and the most diverse pieces of clothing. A real mess. "Taehyung?" Jimin murmured, concern perfectly noticeable in his tone of voice. Hasty steps were taken toward the small room - similar to his own - and his brownish iris was quick to detect the fragile figure of Taehyung. The boy was shaking frantically, his back completely against the top of the bed and his knees attached to his bare chest - which moved uncontrollably. Despite the tremors, numerous drops of sweat coated his skin, now pale. Jimin finally reduced the distance between them and let his body rest on the bed next to Taehyung. His chest tightened as he could detect the crystal tears that covered his eyes and face. ''Tae, I'm here with you.'' His tone was quiet and low. Jimin had no idea what was happening, but panicking would certainly not help. Then he tried, at all costs, to remain calm to reassure the boy's desperate state in front of him. ''Look at me.'' Jimin could feel Taehyung's heavy, uncontrolled breath bump into his own face because of the proximity. One of his hands rested on the boy's wet face, trying to push away the damp hair that clung against his skin. "Jimin... I can't- I'm fucking scared." Taehyung's voice was breathless, small sobs cut his words making them less coherent. ''I feel- My throat- I'm fucking going to die!'' ''Hey, you won't. You won't. I'm here to take care of you. I promise you that everything will be ok." Jimin let his small fingers slide slowly along Taehyung's shoulder and then down his arm, just so that he could reach the boy's hand, which was still shaking like crazy. Taehyung didn't hesitate and - almost abruptly - grabbed Jimin's hand and let his fingers intertwine with the latter's. His strength was almost incalculable. ''I won't let anything bad happen to you.'' Taehyung raised his gaze slightly, immediately finding the sweetness and understanding of Jimin's brownish iris, and at that moment there was nothing that could break that connection. "Breathe with me," Jimin pointed out, before slowly filling his lungs and letting it leave his lips a few seconds later. The movement was repeated countless times, Taehyung following his example. It took Taehyung about thirty long minutes for his breathing to return to normal as well as the state of his body. However, the tears continued to roll and burn the pale skin of his face. Jimin felt his heart tighten more and more inside his chest and he thought he could break down at any moment. But he had to be strong. For Taehyung. "Come with me. You need to take a bath. It'll be good for you." A small smile flowed on his dry lips, which were slightly moistened with the aid of his tongue in the next second. ''I'll help you.'' Taehyung didn't utter a single word, just getting up and following Jimin's steps toward the small bathroom. The gray-haired boy filled the bathtub with hot water - the steam filling the air in the small space - and then helped Taehyung remove the sweaty clothes that still covered his body, only to watch them fall later on the tile floor. Never letting go of Jimin's hand, Taehyung eventually let his body drown in the warm water and comfort his being. "Come inside." Taehyung's hoarse, whining voice was finally heard, words that made Jimin's eyebrows rise in surprise and small wrinkles formed on the top of his forehead. He merely nodded before pulling away slightly to remove the old clothes covering his skin, and then sitting in front of Taehyung inside the bathtub. The tight, yet pleasant and comfortable touch of the hazel-eyed boy made itself feel once more as he leaned his forehead against Jimin's strong shoulder. ''Please, don't leave me.'' That same phrase echoed in Jimin's mind for countless seconds, and a marvelous surge of comfort swept through his body, enveloping him in the most affectionate sensation. He held Taehyung's face between his fingers, just so that the boy could look at him once more, and just nodded before joining their lips in a deep, passionate kiss. ''I will never.'' Beneath the sound of the shower and the hot water falling, Jimin let his heart speak louder and in a broken tone, those three little words were uttered. ''I love you.''  Too bad Taehyung did not hear him.      



Chapter End Notes
I know that there's a lot of angst going on but I promise that the next chapter will be mostly around fluff and smut.Thank you so much for all the support you guys have been giving me here, on twt and tumblr. I really appreciate it a lot ♥Kudos & Comments will be much appreciated and i'll take time to reply to everyone if you have any questions.Find me on twt and tumblr @/sovlmataes


Chapter 11
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Taehyung woke up with heavy and burning eyes. A terrible headache and weak body. But mostly, Taehyung woke up to feel the other side of the bed cold and empty. With the back of his hand, he had the opportunity to rub his eyes carelessly before standing up slowly and lazily. His gaze then focused on the small digital clock that hung on the bedside table, only to note that it was "2:00 PM". Warm and comfortable clothes covered his pale skin and images of the previous night were reproduced inside his mind. The suffocating sensation was still present inside his throat, as well as the fast beat of his heart inside his chest. However, a pleasant wave of comfort and peace swept through his frail figure as he recalled the way Jimin's arms wrapped around him, as if he was his own world and it about to collapse. Taehyung was getting worse, but no one needed to know. Besides, there was nothing he or anyone else could do to stop that situation. He just had to handle it. Handle, handle, handle. A small sigh escaped his cracked lips as he slowly shook his head from side to side, only to walk quietly out of the small room. His gaze - still sleepy - soon found Jimin's figure, who was taking small boxes of food out of a bag and setting them down on the table. New clothes - different from the ones he remembered from the night before - now covered his body. A tight shirt that highlighted his strong muscles and black pants. Hair gently combed and pulled back. He looked beautiful. Taehyung probably looked miserable compared to the other. The floor was free of old clothes, bottle glasses, and cigarette butts. Such domestic image made Taehyung's stomach contract so uncomfortably that he couldn't help the small grunt that escaped his lips the next second and caught the attention of the gray-haired boy. ''Good afternoon!'' Jimin said enthusiastically, while his lips were smiling widely. ''You slept a lot this time.'' His busy hands eventually dropped the boxes of food, and his body soon reduced the distance between them. His small fingers slipped through Taehyung's messy strands of hair, pulling his long bangs from his eyes as he pulled them back. ''I hope you don't mind, but I brought lunch so we could eat together.'' Taehyung kept his eyes focused on Jimin's. That small glow that dominated his brown iris and the lovely white smile that filled his face in a delightfully and extraordinary way. With his eyebrows slightly drawn, Taehyung wondered inwardly why Jimin was doing that. He didn't deserve it. He wasn't worth all that kindness coming from the other boy. He didn't deserve someone like Jimin to give so much attention to him. He didn't deserve to have someone like Jimin. But where could he find the strength to let him go, as Yoongi had suggested? Where could he find the strength to let go of the only person he had? 
The only person he had.
 He missed Jungkook. He missed Jungkook so damn much. After a long second, Taehyung nodded. "Don't you have classes today?" He said hoarsely - the typical morning hoarseness that made Jimin shudder slightly as he wrapped his arms around the taller boy's neck just to get both of their bodies together. "It's saturday, silly." Jimin let out a small laugh and Taehyung felt he could undo himself at that moment. But only one ''oh'' left his lips, which bent slightly in a weak smile. ''C'mon, let's eat. You must be starving." It was the last thing the gray-haired boy said before letting a light kiss on the tip of Taehyung's nose and letting go of his heavy body, then walking back toward the small table. He followed his footsteps, the delicious smell of food making his stomach rumble. "I bought gimbap, rice, tteokbokki, noodles, kimchi... I didn't know each one was your favorite so I decided to bring a bit of everything. Oh and tofu soup too!'' ''I love everything but my favorite is kimchi.'' ''For real? It's my favorite too. Taste it! This restaurant is honestly amazing, I go there every weekend."Jimin led his chopsticks, which now held a small portion of kimchi, to Taehyung's hungry lips, which were quick to pick up the food. ''So...?'' "Fuck, it's amazing," Taehyung said, with his cheeks full and lips pouting, as he rolled his eyes dramatically to show just how delicious the food was. ''It's been a while since I last eaten kimchi this good. It kinda reminds me of when I used to cook with my mom and- '' Taehyung started by talking enthusiastically, but forced himself to break his sentence in half. His gaze quickly turned away as he sighed. Jimin couldn't resist leading one of his hands toward Taehyung's chin, pulling it gently so that he would look at him again. ''It's OK. You don't need to talk about it or think about it, if you don't want to. Everything's okay." Jimin's soft, gentle tone warmed his heart. He was grateful that the boy didn't insist when it came to issues that clearly disturbed him. He was equally grateful that Jimin didn't bring last night's event either. "Thank you," he murmured in a low tone as he nodded, only to receive a warm smile from the gray-haired boy who offered him a new pair of chopsticks and pulled some boxes of food toward him. The rest of the meal was done in a fun way. Jimin told some of his stupid jokes that, surprisingly, made Taehyung laugh so hard he almost choked on his own food. Jimin also ended up finding out that, after all, Taehyung likes cats as much as he does, but that dogs are his small passion. When the boxes of food were finally found empty, they both lazily pressed their bodies against the sofa, leaving noises of satisfaction abandon their lips. Taehyung turned his gaze to look at Jimin discreetly, but he felt embarrassed when their eyes met at the same time. 
Jimin was looking at him, too.
 A loud chuckle sounded in that small space of time, and Taehyung raised his eyebrow slightly, confused. ''You're such a baby. You have sauce all over your mouth.'' Jimin finally reached for a napkin and carefully brought it closer to Taehyung's face, to remove the orange traces that painted his lips. ''Oops, you still have a bit here. Let me take care of it." One last and low laugh sounded, and his lips hit gently against Taehyung's. ''That's so cliché.'' ''Listen, I had to do this at least once in my lifetime! And this was the perfect opportunity.'' ''You should be proud of yourself.'' They looked at each other for a few seconds. Crossed eyes and fading thoughts. Jimin was the first to act, letting his body move on the sofa, so he could reduce - once again - the distance between them. Taehyung didn't hesitate, eventually receiving Jimin's figure on his lap. The gray-haired boy's body was perfectly snug in his, and wild lips started a messy and hot kiss. Taehyung's large hands wrapped around Jimin's waist, fingers pressing against the fabric of his shirt leading him, while the other followed the rhythm with his lips. On the other hand, Jimin let his fingers indelicately hold the boy's hair, pulling it. They both dared to let their tongues wrap themselves in the most erotic and sinful way to intensify the kiss that was cutting their breath. In the heat of the moment, Taehyung was the first to let out a low - almost inaudible - moan. Taehyung was also the first to break the kiss that made his head dizzy and that made his heart threaten to escape from his chest, only to hide his face against Jimin's neck. Jimin whimpered at the lack of contact between their mouths. His eyes remained completely closed as he gently rubbed the tip of his nose into Taehyung's hair, his hands then wound down his back. ''Jimin?'' Taehyung mumbled against the latter's warm skin, his arms wrapped around his body. "Hm?" ''Can... Can we stay like this for a while? This is nice too.'' Although Taehyung couldn't see him because of their position, Jimin let a huge smile fill his lips. That was all Jimin had always dreamed about. That was what he wanted the most. And finally, finally... it was happening. "That's perfect," his voice finally muttered as he wrapped his legs around Taehyung's waist and let his forehead rest on his shoulder, the natural scent of the dark-haired boy making him delirious. Yes, that was perfect. However, Taehyung knew he was treading on unknown territory and too dangerous for his own good. For Jimin's own good, too. In the reassuring silence, Taehyung could hear Jimin's heartbeat, as well as his serene breath crashing against his clavicle. And for a few moments... for a few moments... Taehyung thought he was in love. If he actually knew what love was.        The sound of the waves calmly drowning the sand penetrated Taehyung's ears and gave his body the most soothing sensation. Jimin, on the other hand, felt the harmony in a more special way. A midnight blue tone mixed with a touch of gray showed up in literal waves at the back of his eyes. If a stronger wave struck the sand, the colors moved obliquely and suddenly. With his head carefully resting on one of Taehyung's thighs - his hands playing with the fabric of his own sweater over his chest - Jimin kept his gaze focused on the other boy, who, in turn, merely observed the infinite and wonderful ocean in front of him. It felt good to be like this. They didn't need to talk. They didn't have to touch each other. They didn't need to look at each other either. For Jimin, being in the company of Taehyung was more than enough. Knowing that he was there, beside him, was simply incredible, filled the emptiness of his chest and drived away his most negative thoughts. "Jimin." Taehyung finally let his husky voice be heard after long minutes of silence. The cool breeze of a spring that was about to come, made his hair dance delicately, eventually revealing his forehead. Jimin didn't know it was possible to fall in love with Taehyung again. Taehyung's gaze finally found Jimin's, his iris flushing a hazel color that was covered with a small glow. ''What do you love?'' That question echoed in Jimin's mind for brief seconds. It was exactly the same question he had asked days before. For some reason, that made his abdomen contract, as if the so-called "butterflies" were having their little party. Did Taehyung care about him, too? Was Taehyung really interested in knowing him better like Jimin was? Jimin let his heart comfort him with an affirmative answer. ''I love dancing.'' ''Will you dance for me sometime?'' He nodded, his gaze not daring to abandon the hazel-eyed boy. "I love the color of the rain, too." Jimin smiled when Taehyung raised his eyebrows, showing some confusion. The color of the rain? Jimin could only have gone crazy. ''It's so beautiful, Taehyung. So many shades of blue show up, especially when it's one of those stormy nights.'' ''I don't think I can understand...'' Jimin swallowed hard before raising his body and sitting on Taehyung's lap, his face facing the other boy's. Perhaps, it was becoming his favorite position. ''And I love the color of your voice. Not the sepia one you used to have back then. This beautiful mix of colors makes me feel so fucking good." Jimin gently brushed the tip of his nose against Taehyung's, only to fit the lower lip of the latter between his own, sucking it slowly. Talking about his condition was something Jimin wasn't used to. At least he hadn't revealed it for a long time. Only Hoseok and Namjoon knew, however, Jimin thought he could share with Taehyung as well. Certainly, he wouldn't judge him. "I see colors everytime you speak" Jimin said in a small murmur, as he hid his face in the curvature of Taehyung's neck "The most beautiful colors I've ever seen" he continued, not wanting to look taehyung in the eyes. His small, delicate hands traveled along his back, carefully feeling the warm mesh that covered his skin. "And when you touch me... when you touch me, I hear the most beautiful melodies." Jimin brushed his nose into Taehyung's warm skin, causing a heavy shiver to run through his body. "And what do those melodies sound like?" "It sounds... it sounds like peace." Taehyung thought that Jimin was joking, until he realized the dedication and sincerity that left his fleshy lips, taking him to a new and fascinating reality. ''That's so amazing. That's actually beautiful," he murmured softly, still perplexed at such revelation, and not knowing whether to let his hands rest on Jimin's body or let them continue to caress the sand between his fingers. ''When you say my name...'' the gray-haired boy began as he let his lips spread light kisses over the length of Taehyung's neck and toward his ear. ''... I feel like I can fall apart at any moment. It's honestly, so overwhelming. '' The unfamiliar sensation that ran through Taehyung's body made him feel uncomfortable. His fast heartbeat, as well as his breathing, now struck the side of Jimin's face. And for a few seconds, he felt hesitant. As if he had recovered his sense of reality. 
That was too dangerous. Too fucking dangerous.
 Then he finally pushed Jimin's body away, forcing him to separate the other from what he was doing. Jimin let a small sigh escape his lips, high enough for Taehyung to catch it. "What do you fear so much, Tae?" The glow in Jimin's gaze had slowly faded, being replaced by a touch of disillusionment and some compassion. ''You can tell me.'' ''It's just me, you know.'' ''I'm here for you. You don't need to be afraid of anything.'' Taehyung wanted to give in, but at the same time he didn't want to. Maybe... Maybe, there was no problem in talking to Jimin. He was there, wasn't he? Jimin was there for him. 
Jimin was there for him.
 ''I'm so fucking tired, Jimin. I'm so fucking tired of everything.'' ''You can let it out. You always keep everything to yourself, you always let yourself drown in your thoughts. Just let it out.'' ''It's just... I'm tired of feeling like shit everyday. Jimin... I'm so tired of pushing everyone I ever cared about away. I'm tired of wishing that, one day, those fucking bottles of beer and cigarettes can finally kill me. I can't find satisfaction in anything but in acting like a stupid kid and destroy everything I touch because, those are the only moments when I don't feel like I'm fucking weak.'' Taehyung said hastily, letting a heavy sigh escape then. Jimin knew how difficult it was for the other to let his thoughts be expressed in words. His chest felt heavy, almost as if he could feel the pain Taehyung felt. His eyes burned with the tears that were beginning to form and refused to roll down his face. ''I'm tired of my fucking father, and I'm tired of the fact that my mother won't leave that house. I'm tired of the fact that Jungkook won't fucking talk to me, but I can't even blame him because it's all my fault. And I'm just fucking tired of feeling alone all the time.'' At this point, small sobs began to form inside his throat, but a heavy weight escaped his shoulders. It was as if he could finally feel free. It was as if, at that moment, his problems had fled along with his words. Jimin simply wrapped Taehyung's body tightly against his own, both of them falling on the sand. ''You're not alone anymore. Now you have me. You don't have to go through that shit by yourself." Jimin's tone of voice was calm, low, and, in a way, eventually tranquilized the weakened state of Taehyung. ''Tae, you have me.'' Taehyung's hands landed on Jimin's waist at last, exerting a small pressure to be able to throw the boy on the sand, his own body on top. He didn't utter a single word for long minutes, merely letting his gaze go over every detail that covered the face of the gray-haired boy. Full, rosy lips, as well as his cheeks. Brown eyes that looked at him as affectionately as possible. Short eyelashes that caressed the cheekbones of his face. ''Thank you for seeing me.'' ''What? Tae... I see you all the time.'' ''No. Other people look at me. But you saw me. You really saw me.'' 
Jimin saw him.
 And at that moment, Jimin allowed himself to melt from those words that echoed repeatedly inside his mind. Fuck what Hoseok thought about Taehyung. Fuck what people in general thought. Fuck everything. He was so fucking in love, so fucking lost, he could only see Taehyung. He just didn't care about anything else anymore. Jimin wanted to say those words again. Jimin wanted to release that stifling weight from his chest, but he couldn't. What they both shared was so special, and now, finally, Taehyung was beginning to give in too. He didn't want to destroy everything. He could wait. Yes, he could wait. ''You're beautiful.'' Jimin said instead. ''You're so fucking beautiful.'' And Taehyung was, in fact, beautiful. Not only on the outside but, deep down, Taehyung was equally beautiful on the inside. He just needed someone to lead him, someone who could take care of him. Someone who could love him in the right way. And then, Jimin kissed him. He kissed him as if he was tasting the most delicious fruit, as if he was devouring his favorite sweet. He kissed him like he meant it. Like he wanted him. Like he loved him.        Later that day, careless bodies invaded the interior of Taehyung's dormitory and collided involuntarily with pieces of furniture, lips that moved desperately. When both bodies fell on the comfortable bed, Jimin let his hands slide slowly along Taehyung's chest, until he finally grabbed the fabric that covered his skin between his own fingers in order to remove the piece of clothing. Taehyung ended up following the example of the gray-haired boy, removing the shirt that covered his chest only to throw it to the ground after. His hands didn't take time to open the button of the boy's jeans, but Jimin - who was in advantage for being on top - took his touch away and pressed Taehyung's fingers against the white sheets where he was lying, above his head. His strong hands held him still. Jimin's thirsty, plump lips finally pressed against the warm, delicious neck of the boy under him, where he had the opportunity to leave countless kisses and suck his skin slowly and tortuously. "Tae... I want you so bad." Jimin finally confessed, breathlessly and muffledly, against Taehyung's skin, which was now filled with small and reddish marks. Letting his lips trace an imaginary line of wet kisses along the other's clavicle and moving toward his chest, Jimin wrapped one of Taehyung's hard nipples and let his tongue caress it slowly, his breath hot and heavy helping the other's despair. Jimin missed him. Jimin wanted him like never before. He wanted to make Taehyung feel good, he wanted Taehyung to feel as amazing as he makes him feel. And Jimin was decided to make that happen that night. Taehyung forced Jimin's grip around his wrists, thus trying to take control of the moment, however, Jimin resisted. Though he couldn't see it, Taehyung felt a wide smile build against his skin. Jimin's teeth bit his nipple lightly before licking it. "Jimin," Taehyung warned, his blackened iris, desire running through his veins, his eyebrows sharply contracted. ''I want to make you feel good. Tae, I can make you feel so fucking good."Jimin growled as he let one of his hands slide along the side of Taehyung's body only to, then, invade the inside of his boxers and take his half-hard cock out. Taehyung felt a pleasant wave of pleasure run through his body as the gray-haired boy dared to let his thumb rub the tip of his erection. It was the first time he'd allowed Jimin to touch him that way. It was the first time he had let his most vulnerable side emerge. ''I want to taste your dick so bad. It will look fucking big in my mouth."Jimin pronounced teasingly as he slid Taehyung's pants - along with his boxers - down his thighs, then had the opportunity to drop them on the floor. His gaze didn't dare abandon Taehyung's - who was now slightly resting on his elbows to watch every movement carefully - as he distributed little kisses over the area above his crotch, his hand wrapping his erection, and pumping it in rhythmic movements. ''Fuck, Jimin.'' Taehyung let out breathlessly, before desperately pressing his lips against each other to prevent any audible noise. On the other hand, it was lovely to see the way Jimin's hand felt tiny at the moment. When the boy's lips finally drowned Taehyung's thick and throbbing cock and his hands wrapped around his thighs to keep them properly apart, Taehyung didn't hesitate to let his head fall back and his fingers buried between Jimin's hair. With the aid of his tongue, Jimin sucked the boy's erection in movements that alternated between the fast and the slow, from the top of his cock to the middle of it. Jimin almost choked as he tried to go deeper, the vibrations of his mouth running through the hazel-eyed boy's body in the form of torturous shivers that turned into a hoarse moan that broke his lips. Jimin let his hand wrap around the base of his dick, moving it slowly up and down, while his lips sucked only the tip for a few seconds and then stopped, only to repeat the process again. Jimin was such a fucking tease. ''Ahn- Please, stop teasing...'' Taehyung begged, voice broken and filled with pleasure. Letting his hips jerk unexpectedly, his erection eventually hit the bottom of Jimin's throat. The boy's heat and saliva were simply driving him crazy. The way he moaned dully against his skin, offering him the most magnificent sensations. Jimin took him completely into his mouth again, Taehyung gasping with the sensation of the other swallowing deeper and slowly. He felt like he could just fall apart when the gray-haired boy pressed his thighs tightly between his fingers, only massage his skin then. Jimin's lips were abruptly removed, a thread of saliva joining them to Taehyung's cock. When the latter turned opened his to reveal his gaze once again, crossing it with Jimin's, he felt submissive. Jimin looked so fucking hot like that. So dominant, so determined. Letting his fingers travel the length of his erection, Jimin moved slowly over the sheets to reduce the distance between their faces, devouring Taehyung's lips with a wild, breath-taking kiss. Tongues that moved sensually and sinfully, breaths that came together in one. "You taste so good, baby." Jimin confessed between the kiss, his busy hands pulling off his own pants with the aid of his feet. ''You'll let me fuck your beautiful ass now, won't you?'' Taehyung felt different. It had been a long time since the first and last time something like this happened. However, he felt desirous. Anxious. Desperate. He wanted it more than ever and seeing Jimin becoming that domineering character was such a huge turn on. ''Tae, I want to fuck you so bad.'' ''Please, just do it. Please Jimin, fuck me." Taehyung sighed, his words being run over by his panting breath as his thumb rubbed one of Jimin's nipples and made him shudder. Jimin then moved again, a confident, provocative smile drawn on his lips. "Get on your hands and knees, baby." Jimin demanded. As usual, a bottle of lube was taken from inside of one of the drawers of the bedside table, and he didn't hesitate to spread it a little on his fingers. When Taehyung finally found himself in the position he intended, it didn't take long until he spread his butt cheeks so Jimin could tease his hole. His fingers slowly invaded his inside, remaining motionless for a few seconds. Taehyung felt his breath fail and countless moans sprout inside his throat as the other began to move his fingers slowly and painfully. He felt exposed, vulnerable. Lost. ''You're so tight.'' ''I haven't been a bottom in a while.'' Jimin bowed slightly so he could leave a small kiss on the back of the other, as if trying to pass some security. When he was sure that Taehyung was already used to the sensation, a third finger was added, now executing fast movements that caused the upper body of Taehyung to give way and end up hitting the sheets, his hands wrapping it between his fingers. Jimin repeated the movements for long seconds before withdrawing his fingers and bending once more over the weakened figure of Taehyung, this time, to make him taste himself. The submissive boy didn't hesitate to take Jimin's fingers, sucking them slowly and pleasantly as he whimpered silently. The only piece of clothing that still covered Jimin's strong body was finally taken off, joining the others on the floor. He pumped his own erection for a few seconds, before finally letting it sink into Taehyung, slowly. Hands perfectly positioned over his waist, massaging his skin gently. Taehyung let a hoarse, muffled moan escape as he hid his face against one of the cushions. ''Is this okay? Are you comfortable?" Jimin asked, a perfectly touch of concern in the tone of his voice. ''Please- Fuck, just move. I need you- need you so bad.'' Jimin smiled gently before finally starting to move his body, hips hitting against his butt cheeks. A pleasant wave of heat swept through Taehyung's body, weakening his muscles and making his legs close slightly and involuntarily. ''You're so damn tight, Tae. It feels so good." Jimin growled through his teeth before letting his lips part in a hoarse groan. He pushed at once, harder, and Taehyung almost felt his legs give in to the weakness and the wonderful sensation of Jimin's cock crashing against his prostate. ''You look so pretty like this. Look so pretty with my dick on you. Do you like it? Tell me you like it, baby.'' Taehyung let his voice sound, but the words he uttered were anything but perceptible and coherent. With a smooth thrust, Jimin made Taehyung's body shake again and a sequence of whimpers ran through the four walls of the room. "Tell me, Tae," Jimin repeated, breaking the contact between his cock and Taehyung's tight entrance. He wanted to take Taehyung to the edge, to the limit. And, apparently, Jimin was doing it, weren't it for the sudden "fuck" that had finally left the other's lips, followed by a loud whine. ''I love it so much. Please, Jimin. Please, just fuck me. Stop-stop the teasing." Taehyung begged once more, finding himself forced to take one of his hands to meet his own erection so that he could offer himself some of the satisfaction that had been withdrawn from him. Jimin couldn't contain the low laughter that penetrated his lips at the vulnerability and desperation of the boy in front of him. He was so beautiful. So beautiful. Jimin thought he could fall apart before that image. If this wasn't the perfect image of paradise, then it was very close of it. Pushing is dick inside Taehyung, once again, Jimin allowed himself to move at a faster pace, holding the other's hips for help. The noises that escaped Taehyung's lips at that moment were simply mesmerizing. Delicious moans and hoarse whimpers, which were losing their intensity according to his despair. ''H-Harder...'' was the only concrete thing Taehyung managed to say in the next few seconds, followed by the typical random ''fuck fuck fuck'' and ''please.'' Jimin yielded to the request of his submissive buddy, fucking him deeper and harder, thrusting so hard that the sound of their sweaty skin hitting against each other was becoming louder and louder. Jimin fucked him so hard the bed began to shake with intensity and Taehyung no longer knew if he should grab the sheets, or Jimin's thighs. ''Shit, you're driving me- you're fucking driving me crazy.'' For the first time, Jimin had the opportunity to see the color of Taehyung's groans. Finally... Finally, he could kill his curiosity. A delicious mix of light red and black. The color of sin. ''Tae, look at me.'' Jimin's voice trembled with the quickening breath, unlike what had happened minutes before. ''I want to see you while- while you're cumming.'' When Taehyung partially turned his face to be able to observe the other's, Jimin felt his breath fail for a few seconds. Glazed eyes with tears, small drop of sweat rolling down his skin, red and full cheeks, deliciously parted and wet lips. "You're the most beautiful human being I've ever seen," Jimin murmured, more to himself than to the boy in front of him, before resuming his movements. A few thrusts were enought to make Taehyung feel a pressure in the end of his abdomen, his muscles contracting, and a harmonious melody of groans blomming inside his throat. "Jimin- Fuck- I'm cumming..." A hoarse, loud moan echoed, and in the next instant, Taehyung broke into a pleasurable orgasm that spread over his own abdomen and onto the bed sheets. Jimin only moved slowly for a few seconds, being enough so that he, too, could reach his peak of pleasure. Fast breaths dominated the room, and Jimin could swear that he could hear Taehyung's unusual heartbeat. Jimin carefully guided one of his hands to the sweaty face of the other, so he could pull the hair out his face and caress the skin on his cheek. ''You were so good,'' Jimin murmured beneath his breath, leaving a kiss on Taehyung's shoulder before stepping away calmly. "C'mon, let's wash up." A small smile blossomed on his lips as he stretched a hand toward another boy. Taehyung's heavy, weak body finally gave in and grabbed Jimin's hand so that they both could walk quietly into the small bathroom. They shared a silent bath, letting only small, delicate gestures speak for them. They changed the sheets and finally, finally they could rest on the comfortable bed. Taehyung's face hidden in Jimin's chest, his long fingers gripping the sweater that covered his skin - a sweater that Taehyung himself had loaned him and which looked huge on Jimin's body. Jimin, on the other hand, simply ran his fingers through the delicate - and still wet - Taehyung's hair strands. ''Jimin '' Taehyung finally broke the silence and, almost automatically, the following words were spoken. ''I love-'' however, he forced himself to stop. Eyes drastically opened and breath caught in his throat. 
What the hell?
 ''You love...?'' ''hm, I love... your sweater.'' Jimin laughed smoothly. ''Tae, it's yours.'' ''Uh, I know. That's why I love it.'' It was at this moment that Taehyung realized that he had reached the most dangerous state. The state he feared so much. The sudden fear of the unknown disturbing his mind. He needed to stop this. He needed to do something as soon as possible. However, between his thoughts, Taehyung said that it was ok if he wanted to enjoy a bit more. 
Just a bit more.
       Jungkook looked at the text on the small screen of the phone for long seconds, but didn't press ''send''. Instead, he let a long sigh escape his lips and slipped the small electronic object back into the wide pocket of his coat. ''Talk to him.'' Yoongi's husky, quiet voice spoke as he carefully sat down on the wooden bench next to Jungkook. Although it was practically spring, the breeze of the night remained cold and forced that any body that adventured by the city at that time was sheltered with numerous pieces of clothing. Jungkook let his gaze watch the spacious playground ahead of him, curious. Old swings and a slide, a sequence of countless trees and flowers that began to bloom. The tall lamps were the only thing that illuminated the place, as well as their faces. ''I can't. It's getting better now." In a short swallow, Jungkook finally confessed, trying to convince himself of the words he had just uttered. ''He's better without me, anyway.'' ''Funny, he says the same about you.'' A smile, almost ironic, appeared on Jungkook's thin lips as he nodded. His hands were quickly hidden between the warm, wide pockets of his coat so he could protect them from the cold. ''Yeah, sure.'' ''It's been almost a month, Jungkook. You need each other.'' ''You know, I blame him but I blame myself as well. After all, it's not his fault that I fell for him. Also, things aren't that easy. Things will change as soon as we start talking again. Things will probably be so weird between us. " Jungkook confessed, hurt perfectly present in every word uttered. Pain that almost made Yoongi move his body to comfort the boy. Jungkook missed Taehyung like hell. He missed Taehyung so much that it was almost suffocating. But at the same time, it was as if he were taking a weight off his shoulders. He was getting better, he just needed a little more time. ''It will change. But your friendship is strong enough, you guys will get better.'' ''Probably. But now I'm getting over it, slowly. Even though I miss him, I'll have to wait.'' Yoongi just nodded as he tightened his coat against his own body, his gaze still glazed on the boy beside him. They remained silent for a few minutes, allowing the most diverse thoughts to take over their minds, causing the greatest confusion. Heavy breaths that caused small clouds of steam due to contrast with the cold. ''Thank you for supporting me. I really needed a friend by my side.'' And Yoongi was indeed an amazing friend. He always had the right words. He was always worried. He was always there. Despite his usual carefree figure, Yoongi was quite different. In a good way. ''You don't need to thank me, I'll always be here for you.'' Yoongi gave a small smile, showing some understanding as he let his hand mess up the youngest's hair. Jungkook smiled back and brought his closed fist against Yoongi's shoulder, punching him playfully. By the time he had noticed, the distance between both bodies had been reduced significantly, and his face now faced Yoongi's. With his eyebrows slightly drawn and his heart in his hands, letting his instinct guide him, Jungkook ended up joining his lips to Yoongi's. Soft, delicate, and strangely fitting into his. Jungkook dared to move them, slowly. Yoongi followed his pace, but quickly stopped. ''Jungkook...'' Yoongi murmured as he moved his face away, breaking the contact between his mouth and that of the boy in front of him. ''I'm not a rebound.'' ''I'm sorry, I really didn't mean it.'' Jungkook said, feeling the embarrassment dominate his body and painting his face with a slight reddish touch while he, too, moved away, taking his initial position. ''I guess I just wanted to fill the void?'' Yoongi merely smiled, understanding. ''After all, you and Taehyung aren't that different.'' Jungkook nibbled on his lower lip demonstrating the nervousness he was feeling, now staring at his hands - too embarrassed to look at Yoongi. But the other was right. He really wasn't that different from Taehyung.                                                                                                     To: Tae
                                                                                                 Time: 11:43 PM
                                                                                                 See you at the party? :)From: Tae
Time: 11:46 PM
Yeah sure                                                                                                                                                                             To: Tae
                                                                                                  Time: 11:47 PM
                                                                                                  I'm so excited!                                                                                                   To: Tae
                                                                                                  Time: 11:47 PM
                                                                                                  Maybe I can make your wish come true                                                                                                  and dance for you ;)   It was almost 1 AM when Jimin walked into the huge mansion of Kim Sung Joo, not only one of the most popular boys in college, but also one of the boys who usually practiced dancing with Jimin. Countless bodies filled the place and loud music intoxicated his special senses. His low figure crossed the entrance, his gaze searching for a particular person and a small smile dominated his fleshy and shiny lips. However, Jimin wasn't very lucky, taking into account that the high figure of Taehyung wasn't recognized in the middle of the crowd. Jimin walked quietly and was even hit by several drunken and dancing bodies, Jimin approached the main living room - decorated with the most expensive and unique objects of furniture. For a moment he imagined himself living in a house like that. ''Looking for someone?'' A familiar voice spoke over his shoulder unexpectedly, causing Jimin's body to retreat involuntarily. Hoseok. "Yeah," Jimin replied bitterly as he turned around calmly so he could face the other. His eyebrows drastically contracted, some perfectly noticeable resentment in the darkness of his iris. ''So, if you'll excuse me...'' "Jimin, he's already here." there was a certain concern, perhaps sadness, in the way the orange-haired boy uttered those words and made Jimin's face soften. Hoseok only nodded in a certain direction, and he followed his glance, only to have his heart break in a thousand pieces. For a few seconds, he stopped breathing. His head was dizzy, his gaze unfocused, and he just didn't burst into tears because he didn't have the strength to do so. He was so stupid, so innocent, so deluded. How did he let himself be deceived like that? Why did he give in? Why didn't he trust Hoseok's words? Why? It was more than obvious that Jimin was the only one who would end up suffering in the midst of all that situation. But he was so blind. 
Why did he let his heart speak louder?
 Jimin swallowed and clenched his fists abruptly, unable to look away from the image of Taehyung and a mysterious girl completely united, lips entwined in a warm kiss. ''He's such a great kisser, isn't he?'' A new, familiar voice spoke at his side. When Jimin broke the connection between his gaze and what was happening a few feet away, he could see that it was Jungkook. ''You know, I almost believed he was starting to like you.''

Jimin's breathing became uneven, anger racing through his veins and burning his eyes. ''Me too,'' he murmured and a sob broke his voice as he wiped away the tears with the back of his hand. Jungkook's gaze showed a void he had never seen before. It was almost as if... as if he too was hurt by what his eyes were watching. It was almost as if he, too, had his heart broken. "Hey, Jimin. Want to try something?" Jungkook murmured before glancing at Jimin's wet face and resting one of his hands on his thin waist, so that he could reduce the distance between their bodies and press a kiss on the boy's lips. Jimin's eyes widened for a few seconds, surprised by the boy's gestures, but he quickly realized what he was doing. Giving up and letting his weakened state speak louder, Jimin let his arms wrap around Jungkook's neck, chests that brushed carefully because of his fast breaths. Jungkook dared to let his tongue wrap around the other's, intensifying that platonic and momentary kiss, only to feel Jimin's hands getting buried between his dark strands of hair. ''What the fuck are you doing?!'' Jimin was the first to walk away, eyes glazed and lips full and red. Jungkook glanced at Taehyung with a perfect and provocative smile on his face. Jimin was confused but he know that that battle wasn't his. ''Jimin is a great kisser too.'' ''Fuck you.'' Taehyung growled between his teeth before approaching with a clenched fist, ready to hit Jungkook. But Jimin interfered, resting his hands on the taller boy's chest to push him away. "Who are you jealous of, hyung?" Jungkook said, now in a serious tone, eyes mirroring his pain. He eventually pulled away after long seconds of an almost stifling eye contact. Taehyung was furious, completely disoriented. Closed fists and panting breath. Letting his anger commend his actions, Taehyung eventually reached for one of the valuable vases that adorned one of the tables, breaking it at once. ''You have no fucking right to be mad.'' ''Why the fuck did you kiss my fucking best friend?'' ''You were kissing someone just now, you hypocritic!'' ''Why do you fucking care?!'' "Because I fucking love you, you asshole!" Jimin screamed louder than he intended, choking on his own sobs. ''And you know what? I don't even blame you. It's all my fucking fault for being so naive. I should know that a person like you could never love someone.'' The expression on Taehyung's face changed drastically at that moment. This had been his own plan, but he never thought it would hurt so much. He never thought that having Jimin saying those words would have such a negative effect on him. He knew. Or, at least, he had an idea of what Jimin felt. He could feel it, too. And that was the fucking problem. "Shut up." Taehyung's hoarse voice muttered, being imperceptible due to the loud music that dominated the place. ''It's not like-'' ''You'll end up alone.'' ''I don't care.'' He cared. He cared too much. For the first time, he cared. ''That's your fucking problem, Taehyung. You never care." It was the last thing Jimin said before hurrying away, his lower body slipping through the crowd. Taehyung swallowed as he leaned against the wall. It was okay. It really was. Now Jimin could be free. Now Jimin could find someone who could make him happy. He could find someone who wouldn't make him suffer. It was okay. Jimin deserved better, anyways. Taehyung let his heavy eyelids close slowly, a tear burning tortuously across his face. He loved Jimin too.       



Chapter End Notes
Hi guys, I'm back with another chapter!I tried to make it less angsty but it was stronger than me aahcjAlso, I deleted the ''major character death'' tag because I decided to change the plot to suit the actual story better. Thank you for the nice reviews, I really appreciate it a lot!!Comments & Kudos will be much appreciated.Find me one twt or tumblr, @/sovlmataes!!


Chapter 12
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The thing about pain is that... once you get used to it, it's hard to ignore it. It crawls under your skin, burns inside your veins, gets loud inside your head. It almost becomes your best friend. A part of you. Until you become the pain itself. The thing about pain is that, once you get used to it, it becomes pleasurable. Not in a way that you start enjoying the feeling, but in a way that you actually need it. Because, while you're in pain, you don't feel empty anymore. You feel something. The thing about pain is that it's the only thing that will remind you that you're still alive. Taehyung was always a person who felt too much. Too intensely. A person who thought as much, or even more. He let his thoughts consume him. The need to replace all the rancor, the anger, the pain, the voices that screamed inside his head, was beginning to grow more and more desperate. It was as if his inner scars were opening and making him bleed. It was as if his wounds could never be healed, as if the sensation of suffocation inside his chest could never disappear. However, Taehyung was also always a person who hid too much. Outside, a neutral expression, relaxed body, forced smile. No one would suspect anything. Inside, feelings that drove him crazy. His body moved slowly over the sheets, Jimin's perfume still scented the fabric, intoxicating his lungs and offering him a feeling of nostalgia. This made his stomach contract sharply, making him whimper silently. Fuck, he really missed Jimin. He missed Jimin so fucking much. He missed his loud laughter, his smile, the way his gaze comforted him, how his arms wrapped around his body as if he were fragile and Jimin was afraid to hurt him, the way his lips would fit as if they had been specifically made for each other. Taehyung missed not feeling the pain. Because that was what happened whenever they were together. Jimin had the ability to make the negative thoughts go away, even if just for a few hours or minutes. Jimin had the ability to make him feel something else - just like he had promised. Jimin had the ability to make him feel. Feel. Feel something that wasn't pain. However, all that was too scary. Overwhelming, he would say. Taehyung wasn't used to all those different sensations. He couldn't let it consume him because, sooner or later, it would all be over. Good things never lasted long with him, so Taehyung decided to be the one to end everything before things went too far. The images of that night haunted his mind. The way Jungkook looked at him - despite the smile on his lips, his gaze showed a terrible emptiness. The way tears burned the pink apples of Jimin's face and how his black iris mirrored his broken heart. He never wanted to hurt anyone, that has never been his intention. But what other choise did he have? Everyone would end up hurt in the end anyway, including himself. Taehyung swallowed hard at the thought. The smoke from a cigarette that burned in the ashtray on the bedside table filled the air in the room, and deep down he wanted it to penetrate the sheets so that any memory of Jimin could fade. He felt so alone. And for the first time, he hated that feeling.       Jimin left the mechanic's lab with his pack on one of his shoulders, his body that was hurrying to the exit - wouldn't he have the misfortune to find any unpleasant surprises along the way. He just wanted to go to his dorm and sleep - or at least try. Maybe drink a beer or two before, or even see a romcom, because, lately, his nights were spent that way. He was exhausted, a mess. Even Namjoon had noticed his extreme fatigue, offering to do one or two of his shifts so Jimin could rest. However, he saw his plans escape from his hands when a small figure prevented him from leaving the building. His body reacted immediately to such an unexpected situation, retreating. He blinked once, twice, three times, until he recognized the person in front of him. "Jimin, right?" The black-haired boy spoke in a husky tone. His voice was violet with a touch of white and pink, reminding him of lilacs. A quiet voice, and calm, something Jimin didn't expect, at all. He raised his eyebrows as he nodded slowly. "Can we talk?" Yoongi asked, a neutral expression that covered his face. "About what?" "You'll find out. It's important." Jimin sighed dramatically as he looked away. He wanted to refuse it immediately, however .. his curiosity ended up speaking louder.      Resting the books on his lap and leaving his backpack on the floor, Jimin found a place next to Yoongi on one of the stone benches that decorated the outside of the building. His breathing was heavy and his heart felt like a furious drum inside his chest. He was nervous, he wouldn't deny. "You can start." Jimin spoke under his breath, his gaze repeatedly observing the letters that covered one of the books he held. 
Please, don't mention Taehyung. Please.
 "It's about Taehyung." 
Fuck.
 Jimin bit his lower lip almost automatically, as he stood up in a sudden movement, which eventually made his books fall on the floor. "I don't want to talk about-" "I know. But I need you to listen to me. I know thtat what he did was stupid and that he's a fucking asshole, but this is important.'' Yoongi said hurriedly after grabbing Jimin's wrist, stopping him from pulling away. "Please." Jimin felt his heart clench. He was doing so well. He didn't need this now. He didn't need to talk Taehyung for his pain to come back. His tears had already dried, and yet he felt his heart breaking just by the mere fact of hearing his name. "He's been missing classes and he won't answer his phone or open the fucking door when I try talking to him. We've never been the closest friends ever, you know. But I still care about him and-""What do I have to do with this?" Jimin replied, cold. "The point, Jimin, is that he's like a bomb. His timer has been ticking, slowly. And, one day, he'll explode. He always does what he thinks it's right, but he just ends up making others and himself suffer even more.'' Yoongi had already let go of Jimin's wrist, and his body was already at the same height as his. Concern noticeable inside his eyes. "He was the one who chose this path, ok? There's nothing I can do. He deserves to feel like that. And I'm not even talking just because of me. I know he did something to Jungkook too. He just loves to play with people and that's so fucking wrong."A mixture of nervousness and anger eventually escaped through Jimin's lips, like poison. Jimin knew it was his pain speaking louder, but he just couldn't help it. He gave Taehyung everything he could. He cared about him, He tried to help him when he needed. He loved him. He loves him. And Taehyung just used him, like a fucking tissue or any other object. He felt dirty, sad, mad, hurt. "You both are so fucking blind." now it was Yoongi who responded more exaltedly, his eyebrows knit together in one to show his impatience and displeasure. "Taehyung has never, ever, been with someone for so long. However, I stayed with you. I'm so fucking sure that he cares more than you think and more than he says. I told him to stay away, but he didn't. It took him a while to gain courage. Just think about it." Jimin swallowed. He would have run awat if his legs weren't too weak to move. "I'm here asking for help, Jimin. Please. If you still love him or care about him, stop him from doing something stupid." "Why don't you ask someone else?" "Because you are the one he needs."       
You're useless. Stupid. Idiot. You hurt everyone. You don't deserve anything good. You're disgusting. You're sick. An asshole. A psychopath. A whole mess. You're nothing.
 Taehyung woke breathless and with a stifling grip inside of his chest. Fucking nightmare. His mind still reproduced those words, as if echoing between his thoughts. It was so loud he felt himself getting dizzy. His hands immediately found the sore zone of his chest, pressing, as if he tried to make the pain fade. He was so tired. He was so fucking tired. That feeling was so desperate that he felt his eyes form crystalline tears that quickly wetted the warm skin of his face. His body eventually got up in a hurry, and without even bothering to put on some shoes, Taehyung hurriedly walked outside of his dorm and then to the outside of the large building. His bare feet on the stone pavement were beginning to suffer countless cuts, but Taehyung didn't seem to care too much about the situation. The cool breeze of the night enveloped his sweaty body, making his clothes and hair dance to the rhythm of the wind. His eyes were slowly closed, his eyelashes tickling his cheekbones, and he finally managed to... breathe. For a few seconds, he felt he was in peace. Nothing else hurt. There was no pain, no loud thoughts, no worries. There was nothing. When he opened his eyes painfully, a strong light was pointing in his direction and a loud horn broke his ears. Taehyung hadn't even noticed that he had gone so far. He didn't move. He wasn't able to. Deep down, he didn't want to. Maybe he could end it all at once. Taehyung swallowed and closed his eyes again. He was ready. He was so ready. Until he felt his body being jerked off the road, falling sharply on the grass. A strong figure over his own. "Taehyung? What the fuck?!" the familiar voice said in a loud tone as he hurriedly stood up to help Taehyung sit down. "Are you crazy?! What the fuck were you doing in the middle of the road?!" Taehyung let his hazel-colored iris being revealed again, with the opportunity to observe the worried face staring at him. 
He was so close.
 He blinked repeatedly and countless times before taking a deep breath, only to burst into tears and wrap Jungkook's strong, familiar body in a tight embrace. "Please, don't go away. I'm so sorry. I'm so fucking sorry." His voice broke between unexpected sobs as he buried his face in the curve of the boy's neck in front of him, trying to drown out the whimpers that left his lips. As if he couldn't seem more ridiculous. Jungkook raised his eyebrows sharply. His arms didn't hesitate to squeeze Taehyung's weakened body against his, thus reducing the minimum distance that still existed. They both remained silent for endless minutes, the icy breeze of night obligating their bodies to remain united in an attempt to warm each other up. Jungkook didn't even want to think about what could have happened if he hadn't been there at the moment to get Taehyung out of the way. Inwardly, he thanked himself for choosing to go out and relax. Ironic, however, was the fact that he eventually found the motive that led him to want to air his ideas. "You're ok now. Please, don't cry." The younger boy murmured in a low tone as he allowed his hands to slide along the other's back, in top-down movements and vice versa. "I'm so sorry." Taehyung spoke before finally pulling his face away so he could watch Jungkook. He missed him so much. His gaze observed the details of the boy's face, beneath the lights of the street and the lights of the cars that passed three feet away from them. He wanted to reach out his hand and caress Jungkook's face, yet he didn't feel worthy of it. "Why are you saying sorry?" "Because I always fuck everything up. You were right. I really break everything I touch." Taehyung nipped his lower lip between his teeth before looking away to his feet - dirty and stuffed with cuts.  "You know that it's never too late to change. I'm trying too." Taehyung could detect the heavy sigh that escaped the thin lips of the other. "I fucked things up too. After all, I can't blame you for not loving me. And I still acted like a stupid kid. But I was so fucking mad. I couldn't understand what does he have that i don't.'' Jungkook shrugged and followed the boy's gaze in front of him. Hearing those words made Taehyung's body tremble slightly, and this time he couldn't blame the cold. "You needed me and I was a fucking idiot." The hazel-eyed boy finally let his voice sound, daring to slide his fingers over the wet grass just so he could rest it on Jungkook's knee. The tip of his fingers caressing the dark fabric of his pants. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you. I miss you so much. I miss our friendship so much and I feel like I don't deserve it anymore." The revelation of his best friend made Jungkook raise both eyebrows in surprise. He knew how difficult it was for Taehyung to open his heart and let his feelings be exposed in this way. He knew how difficult it was for the boy to simply talk about such issues. "I'm doing better now. Yoongi is helping me a lot too. One day, things will go back to normal, I promise. But- But I still need some time to forget and heal." Jungkook began steadily, but his voice broke into a sob. He swallowed and held Taehyung's hand, enveloping his skin in a familiar comfort and warmth. "Will you give me that time?" Taehyung, on the other hand, felt his own world run away from him. He thought that things could finally be like always. He thought Jungkook would never leave. He didn't want to be alone again. However, he simply nodded slowly. "Do you love him?" The hazel-colored iris of Taehyung quickly found Jungkook's, eyebrows raised and lips partially parted, as if that question couldn't have arisen at a worse time. "I'm asking as your friend. Not the person who's in love with you. I still care about you, after all." Jungkook let a faint smile fill his lips, which slightly comforted the agitated state of Taehyung. It took him a while to answer though. Still uncertain about what his mind and heart were saying. Still unclear whether or not he should let his instincts speak louder or whether he should simply lie. "I do." He let out, more like a sigh than a confession. His heart was beating frantically inside his chest. "But it doesn't fucking matter now." Jungkook merely shook his head in disbelief at what he had just heard. The weak smile still lit his face as he watched Taehyung intently. "Why do you do this to yourself? If you love him, why did you let him go?" "Because... Because I'm fucking scared, Jungkook. And he doesn't deserve someone like me. He's the best person ever. And I'm just a fucking mess. He deserves someone as bright as him. Someone as amazing, as happy and as caring and, despite all that, someone who can give him all the love and comfort he deserves. And... and I'm not that person." Jungkook would be lying if he said that those words hadn't been as painful as knives ripping his chest. And for a few seconds, he lost his breath. He blinked and let a serious expression fill his face now. He had to be the friend Taehyung needed. This wasn't about himself anymore. "Hyung, if you love him, let him know. Don't let him go like that. If he loved you and stayed with you for so long, it's because he saw something that made him do it. If you love him, fight for him. " Taehyung looked at him, speechless. Hisfast breathing perfectly noticeable beneath the silence that had set in. Should he try? Fight for Jimin? Should he, at least, talk to the other and explain everything that went through his mind? Should he reveal how unhappy he felt knowing that he had hurt him, how unhappy he felt at the possibility of never being with him again, or hugging him, kissing him, feeling him... His heart told him to follow Jungkook's advice, but his mind and his thoughts shouted the opposite. They were so fucking loud. 
Please, shut up. Please, leave me alone. Please, I just want to be happy.
 "This is your opportunity to make things right for once. Do not waste it." Jungkook was right. Jungkook was always right. He needed to do something. Or, at least, try. And Jimin was worth all the effort in the world. "You always have the right words, don't you?" "I want you to be happy." "Thank you so much." Taehyung's lips curved slowly into a delicate smile as his tall figure approached and wrapped Jungkook's body in his arms one last time. "I'll wait for you too." "Thank you." Jungkook merely took advantage of that moment. Just a little more. Just a little more. "Now, go." Taehyung moved slowly away and smiled one last time before hurrying back to the dorm building. Jungkook had been left behind. The pain left his heart and slid along his pink cheeks. One day, he would be happy too.       Jimin walked quietly along the corridor that would lead him to his dormitory. His body weighed, but no more than his eyes that threatened to close at any moment due to fatigue. In his hand he carried bag full of noodles, energy drinks, and a few appetizers that would help him endure a long night studying. The semester was almost over, and Jimin took it as a motivation to make every effort during this short period of time. Soon, he could see his family. Jimin smiled at that thought, but his momentary happiness didn't last long when his gaze focused on the door of his dorm, and the body that slept against it. He wore pajamas and was barefoot. Eyes and mouth partially open, as usual. Why did things like this keep happening to him? A small sigh dropped his dry lips as he slowly approached and shook Taehyung's body - not very gently - to wake him up. The other looked lost for the first few seconds, rubbing his tired eyes slowly and watching Jimin's small figure. Jimin felt his heart clench. It was the first time their eyes had crossed since that day. The day everything was ruined. The day when he himself saw his heart being broken into a thousand pieces. Thinking about that moment, made his eyebrows knit together in an almost involuntary movement. He was so angry. "Are you drunk?" The gray-haired boy finally let his voice be heard, not taking long in looking away in another direction. Looking at Taehyung offered his body a feeling of weakness. He simply couldn't do it. Not now. "Does that matter? I was waiting for you. We need to talk." Taehyung's voice was hoarse - typical of a person who had just woken up - but precise. Jimin couldn't help the sarcastic smile that formed on his face the next moment. "We have nothing to talk about, Kim. You can wait all you want because it won't happen." "Oh now I'm just Kim." Taehyung murmured, more to himself than to the boy in front of him, a certain bitterness present in his tone of voice. "Fine, because I won't leave until you accept talking to me." "Whatever," Jimin said as he simply opened the door and stepped inside the dorm, only to leave Taehyung's tall figure behind. His forehead rested on the wood of the door when it was closed again. His eyes were slowly closed and a long sigh crossed his lips. Things with Taehyung have always been this way, unpredictable. But at the same time, Jimin wasn't surprised when they happened. Taehyung had always been an intense person before his very eyes. He needed to study. Just study. He couldn't think about anything else at that moment. He had to concentrate. Ignore. Pulling himself away from the door quietly and approaching the small table, Jimin had the opportunity to pull things out of the bag he carried so he could enjoy his study session. However, his thoughts kept disturbing him. Inside his mind, Jimin could hear Yoongi's voice speaking as if it was his own consciousness. His heart that begged him to give in. Fuck, he really hated being so weak sometimes. A heavy, frustrated sigh ran through the small space, his body once more approaching the door so he could open it and reveal Taehyung waiting on the other side. "Come in." He muttered under his breath as he walked away to let the other pass. Taehyung finally invaded the place, taking the liberty to sit on the comfortable couch - where both had shared countless and pleasant moments in the past. Jimin, on the other hand, remained standing, his arms perfectly crossed against his chest. "I'm listening." The embarrassing silence that settled in allowed Jimin to hear the other swallow hard, his gaze focused on his hands shaking frantically with his nervousness. Taehyung could swear that his body was sweating beneath his pajamas, countless thoughts tortured his mind, and the need to find the right words seemed desperate. He just didn't want to make things worse. "I'm- I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I've never meant to hurt you," Taehyung began, stuttering slightly as he laced his fingers together. His gazed didn't dare cross the gray-haired boy, but the latter's seemed to burn him alive. Jimin let a low, short laugh break his serious expression at the words he had uttered. "Is that what you tell everyone, after playing with them? And they actually believe you?" "I didn't play with you." "Yeah, you fucking used me!" The difference in Jimin's tone made itself felt instantly. By now his arms had fallen to the side of his body, and his hands formed perfect and closed fists. How did Taehyung dare deny it? How? This wasn't fair. The hazel-eyed boy finally lifted his body, trying to reduce the distance between them, but Jimin refused, making it perfectly clear that he didn't want Taehyung to approach him. 
Please, don't cry. Don't fucking cry.
 His eyelids were pressed hard against each other, as if he tried to avoid the inevitable. As if he tried to contain all the bitterness and pain that corrupted his body and threatened to burn his face soon enough. "I was so excited to see you that night. I was so happy. I was finally going to tell you how I felt. But I'm so glad I didn't because you fucking ruined everything." "I was so fucking scared. I'm still fucking scared, Jimin! The idea of loving someone scares the shit out of me because I'm not used to it. I'm not used to having someone taking care of me. I'm not used to having someone staying. " "You push everyone away. That's why you have no one."J imin's voice trembled, his hands removing the small tears that began to form next to his eyes. Jimin didn't mean it. But, at the same time, he did. Because, it was the truth. He, himself, was a victim of that fact. "Fuck, Jimin. I had to do something before it was too late! Nothing good ever stays with me! Ever. Sooner or later you'd just leave me. Why would you like to be with someone like me? I'm a fucking mess.'' Jimin dared to let the bright color of his iris be revealed, his gaze joining Taehyung's as if by an imaginary line. 
He was crying, too.
 "I'm the one who gets to decide that." "I'm just-" Taehyung took a deep breath before continuing. "I'm so scared. This is so overwhelming." "And do you think that I'm not scared? I've been scared since one day, but I still tried." "You were the best thing that happened to me in years. This is what I wanted to tell you." The first tear to roll was Jimin's. It was slow, careful, and ran down his pink cheek until it disappeared down his chin. A sob broke his throat and Taehyung's gaze broke his heart for the thousandth time. "Then, why did you do this to me? Why are you doing this to me? " "Because- I just- It's just- Fuck, I just love you fucking much it's actually killing me inside!" Taehyung let out, loud, desperate, breathless. His body tanned the distance - finally - his hands wrapped around Jimin's wet face and the proximity allowed their breaths to become one. "I love you. I love you so much." Taehyung felt free. It was as if the weight of the world had shifted from his shoulders. It was like breathing for the first time. It was as if he was a bird - that all his life had lived in a cage - and had just been released to have the possibility of flying wherever he wished. Jimin's eyes glittered with tears, and the light of the moon reflected on his brown iris, large and moving slowly as he watched Taehyung's face. His lips were partially split. He wanted to speak, he wanted to express himself, but no word or phrase seemed good enough to explain what he felt at the moment. Taehyung loved him? He really did? Jimin thought he was dreaming or maybe even imagining things. His heart melted, a feeling of comfort running through his body. "What?" "I love you. And... I'm still scared and I don't know what to do but I want to try. Anything." At that moment, all his rancor was replaced by a magnificent and amazing happiness. He couldn't even believe what he was hearing. His hands were quick to hold tightly the fabric of the other's shirt, pulling him so they could gather their bodies together. His face was slowly raised, leaving his lips a few inches away of Taehyung's. He wanted to kiss him. He wanted to get lost in his touch, get drunk on his taste. "Then... prove it." It was the last thing he said before he felt Taehyung's warm and delicious lips bump into his and wrap him in a melancholy, calm kiss. And for a moment, his world stopped. It was as if he had found his own paradise. It was as if he could only hear his own sensations and the mixture of feelings that danced inside him and that sounded like wood burning in the fireplace, or like a bird singing in the morning. They sounded like rain hitting the window on a stormy day or the waves of the sea drowning the sand. It felt like home. "I missed you so much." Jimin muttered during the kiss, burying his fingers in the taller boy's messy hair, only to pull it gently. Their tongues became intertwined, thirsty mouths that tried to satisfy their desire. But it was addictive. Too addictive. When the kiss was tortuously broken, Jimin simply hid his face in Taehyung's clavicle, his scent making him dizzy. He was happy. He was so fucking happy. Maybe Taehyung could finally be his. Perhaps all the wishes and scenarios that passed through Jimin's mind could finally - finally - come true. And this was just the beginning. Taehyung on the other hand, let his eyes close for a few moments. He didn't feel pain. He felt... good. He felt so good that he thought he could get used to that feeling. 
Please, make it last.
 Jimin brought his lips close to Taehyung's ear and brushed them gently in that area. ''Your dirty feet are stoiling my carpet, you punk.'' he whispered, laughing.  Taehyung laughed lightly, letting himself being rocked between Jimin's arms.     



Chapter End Notes
Hi guys! I'm finally back with another chapter. Again, I'm really sorry for taking so long agsfhThis chapter didn't came, at all, like I planned so I'm a bit disappointed but I hope this is good enough.The last chapter had a lot of amazing reviews so I want to thank you all for reading and enjoying this fic!As always, kudos & comments will be much appreciated.Find me on twt or tumblr @/sovlmataes :)


Chapter 13
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin woke up suddenly, his breath caught inside of his chest for a few seconds. His hands were quick to move to the other side of the bed - afraid - only to feel Taehyung's warm grip around his own body. A sigh escaped his fleshy lips expressing the relief he felt at that moment. He was so anxious and afraid of not finding the dark-haired boy by his side, that he doesn’t even notice Taehyung resting peacefully against his shoulder. Legs interlaced, arms that surrounded his body, offering him a pleasant comfort. Fuck, Taehyung was there. Taehyung was really there, next to him, sleeping like a beautiful angel with his rosy and full cheeks and one of his eyes half-open. And Taehyung loved him. The words uttered the night before echoed in his mind and made the typical butterflies in his stomach do their little party and give Jimin the most magnificent of sensations. 
I love you. I love you so much. I want to try. Anything.
 That thought made his lips curl and a genuine smile bloomed and brightened his sleepy face. His hand rested gently on the boy's face, letting his fingers caress carefully the warm, delicate skin of his apples. His full lips settled carefully - trying as hard as he could not to wake him up - over his forehead, where he had the opportunity to kiss lightly, before sliding his body, just so that their faces could be aligned. Taehyung was beautiful. Perhaps the most beautiful person Jimin has ever seen, with his full and heart shaped lips, his beautiful lashes that caressed his face. Jimin found him perfect. And he was his. Perhaps. 
Most probably.
 A long and hoarse “hm” escaped Taehyung's lips as he slowly and lazily moved his body to find a more comfortable position, but despite Jimin's efforts not to wake him, the brownish tone of his iris was eventually revealed, intersecting with the other's. "Is this a dream?" Jimin muttered under his breath, a broad smile drawn on his lips. Taehyung's eyes slowly closed again, the laziness and fatigue controlling the actions of his body. However, he couldn’t help the small smile that was displayed in the next second as he hid his face against Jimin's bare chest. "Does it feel like one?" his voice was hoarse and muffled against the other's warm skin. Jimin's hands slid gently down to Taehyung’s back, his delicate fingers drawing random imaginary lines from top to bottom. Even thought he knew that the dark-haired boy couldn’t see him, Jimin merely shook his head as he buried his face in the curve of Taehyung's neck, only to gently press his teeth against the skin of his shoulder, nibbling. Taehyung groaned almost inaudibly, his fingers crawling slowly along Jimin's chest, causing the latter to tingle slightly before the touch. A slight laugh escaped his lips, which he returned a few seconds later. "I love you so much." Jimin said quietly, but calmly and expressing some affection. His hands pressed into Taehyung's chest so he could lean against the head of the bed. Then his body was carefully embedded in the boy's lap, his faces strategically close. "I love you like crazy." Taehyung slowly approached his face - so slowly that Jimin thought it would some type of torture. But he only scratched their noses in a loving movement. "Why do you love me?" The hazel-eyed boy murmured lazily, a serious, thoughtful expression now dominating his face. "You could literally have anyone. Look at you." With, Jimin had finally discovered that Taehyung was much more insecure than what he showed. Much smaller and more fragile than what he wanted others to think. "I don’t want anyone else. I want you." Jimin said with a smile that made Taehyung's heart race. His fleshy lips were gently pressed against the warm skin of his cheek. Then his forehead, nose and sliding slowly to his lips, where he left a light and short kiss. "Just you." "But-" Taehyung tried to protest, or even get a reason why, most likely, Jimin could be happier with someone other than him, yet the other was quick to prevent his words by leaning a finger on his dry lips. They looked at each other for long seconds and Taehyung felt that his heart could break his chest and escape at any moment. That was the best way to explain how he felt with Jimin most of the time. Anxious, nervous, enthusiastic, breathless. 
Happy, loved.
 "You saw me too." His finger slowly traced the length of Taehyung's lower lip, as if imagining it while his gaze followed the delicate movements. "In a really weird way though." Jimin laughed before continuing. "But you saw me" "How?" "You trusted me. And let me take care of you." "I was an asshole to you. I made you experience terrible things too. And you still stayed." his words were sincere, as was the sadness that suddenly invaded his inside making his stomach contract in rejection. "In my defense, you kept following me around, you punk." Jimin laughed again to relieve the tension in the other's shoulders. "But that's in the past now. You also made me experience great things and I'm glad I stayed." Taehyung remained silent and motionless for a few moments, before finally allowing his heart to speak louder and force both hands to rest on Jimin's pink cheeks, only to later pull his face and join his lips in an almost desperate act. Thirsty mouths that uttered words never spoken and lost in every movement they shared. Tongues that were involved expressing the passion that warmed their bodies. "I love you. I love you. I love you so much." Taehyung said, breathless. "I love you too, Tae."        The first time they went to college together, Jimin was the one who took the initiative to bring his hand closer to Taehyung so he could join his fingers. The other, however, merely dismissed it in an act of fear. "What's wrong?" Jimin let the worried tone in his voice make itself heard. His brownish iris gleamed as his gaze watched carefully the hesitant expression that filled the face of the boy beside him. "People will comment." Taehyung murmured in an almost inaudible tone as he looked away from his frantic hands. Taehyung wasn’t worried about what people were going to say about him. In fact, he was already more than accustomed to the negative comments and the small hallway murmurs every time he passed. Taehyung was worried about what people would say about Jimin. They would probably see him differently. Or even the way they saw him. He didn’t want this, Jimin deserved better. Jimin deserved much better. A small laugh made Taehyung's gaze meet the gray-haired boy again, only to see a defiant smile and an eyebrow raised in curiosity. "What happened to that guy that didn’t care about others' opinions?" Jimin pronounced in amusement as he approached, giving him the possibility of gently rubbing his nose on Taehyung's. "I don’t but-" His words were unexpectedly broken by the time Jimin joined his lips, moving them dangerously. His shoulder relaxed, letting the backpack he held fall awkwardly on the floor. Jimin let his hands find the inside of Taehyung's sweater, letting his fingers caress the burning skin of his abdomen while his lips deepened the kiss as they moved wildly and intensely. Teeth clutching clumsily and tongues wrapped like it was the first time. Taehyung felt the atmosphere heating drastically, his chest moving rapidly, accompanying the movements of his heart. When the kiss was painfully broken, he simply filled his lungs with air. The other's lips were swollen, red, and shiny from his own mouth. That image made Taehyung feel undone. He felt weak, helpless. Jimin's hands quietly left his point of distraction in Taehyung's body, and quickly returned to their initial focus, finally managing to entwine his fingers with the dark-haired boy’s. Hands that fit perfectly as if they had been made for each other. "I don’t care about what other people think. I want everyone to know that you're mine." Jimin murmured, now against Taehyung's ear, where he left a small kiss before pulling away again. "And I'm yours." For the first time, Jimin was pleased to enjoy the lovely rosy tone that filled Taehyung's cheeks exaggeratedly with the words just spoken. Jimin was Taehyung's. And he was Jimin's. That phrase echoed in his mind for long seconds before Taehyung gently squeezed the other's hand and walked calmly into the building, confident. 
Jimin was Taehyung's. And he was Jimin's.
      In the course of time, the beach became their little hideout, and their favorite place to be together. They would talk for hours that couldn’t be broken and seemed to have no end. Taehyung would fall asleep on Jimin's lap, or sometimes both would fall asleep snugly and with the sound of the waves as a background music. Jimin would say the typical "you're really something else" or "you'll get sick" every time Taehyung asked to buy ice cream, although sometimes the weather wasn’t the most favorable. And Taehyung, with a ripped grin and small laughs sprouting up inside his chest, would give the excuse that "this is the best time to eat ice cream because it won’t melt." 
At other times they would remain silent, fingers intertwined, and eyes watching the starry sky above them. Hearts that would beat frantically and words that didn’t need to be said because, now, both of them knew. This was another of those nights. Jimin was resting his head on Taehyung's shoulder, one of his legs wrapping around his waist as his fingers ventured into the boy's dark hair. Taehyung, on the other hand, merely observed the cloudy sky, the dark clouds that covered the countless stars he was anxious to observe. His long fingers gently stroked Jimin's thigh over the blue fabric of his pants. "I guess you have no luck today," Jimin murmured beneath his hot breath that warmed Taehyung's neck. His eyes were closed as he carefully pushed his own body against Taehyung's, trying to keep it warm. "It's still pretty like this." His voice was calm and composed, and Jimin felt he could fall asleep like that. "Hey, Jiminie? Want to do something crazy?" Jimin's brownish iris was lazily revealed, giving him the opportunity to stare at the boy beside him, curious. "What do you want to do?" Taehyung merely smiled before rising quietly and stretch his hand to assist Jimin. With hands perfectly intertwined, Taehyung hurriedly made his way toward the endless ocean just a few feet away. Both their bodies reacted immediately as their bare feet drowned into the icy water. "Tae, It's fucking freezing!" Jimin hissed as he tried to pull away, but Taehyung's hand - still perfectly connected with his own - prevented his body from moving. "Oh c'mon, don’t be a pussy. It will be fun." Taehyung laughed lightly before finally letting go of Jimin's hand and undressing the sweater that covered his body, then sending it to the sand. "I'm letting you know that I'm not taking care of you if you get sick." Jimin pronounced hurriedly, his teeth clutching frantically because of the cold he felt at the moment when he, too, removed the piece of clothing, and once more wrapped the other's hand. His bare chest was carefully pressed against Taehyung's back in an attempt to keep them both warm for a few more seconds while his stomach were eager for what was about to happen. Taehyung was the first to move, gently holding Jimin's hand again so he could follow him while the icy water slowly began to sink his legs. A hurried - and inconsistent due to the cold - counting was heard, and in the next instant both bodies plunged beneath the calm waves, Taehyung being careful to keep their fingers intertwined. A ravishing sensation of adrenaline burned inside his veins, offering himself a pleasant satisfaction and joy that was expressed in the smile that dominated his lips when they both came to the surface. "You're c-crazy." Jimin stuttered, freezing, as his available arm embraced his own body and a low laughter escaped his purplish lips. Taehyung didn’t comment, merely and gently pulling Jimin's hand - to reduce the small distance between them - and both hands quickly met the gray-haired boy’s thin waist, just to raise his frail figure and hold him on his lap. Jimin's legs were quick to find support around Taehyung's waist and his forehead rested against the latter’s. "I feel so alive right now." Taehyung confessed with enthusiasm, a heart-shaped smile drawn on his face. "I'm so fucking happy. You make me so happy." At that moment, Jimin felt he could break down in tears. And maybe, maybe, he did. Tears rolling slowly and mingling with the crystalline, pure ocean drops that covered his skin. "You look even more beautiful when you're happy." and suddenly, Jimin was no longer cold. It was as if that sensation inside his chest hugged him and protected him from the icy weather of the place. Taehyung showed him his best smile. The one in which his eyes disappeared in a beautiful line and his teeth were fully exposed. The one in which his cheeks were chubby and his whole face just shined. "Let's go." Jimin felt careful teeth nibble softly on the skin of his collarbone as Taehyung approached his face. His own fingers combed and stroked the hair on the nape of the boy's neck, while their bodies moved once again to the sand. Jimin's body was lightly rested on the solo, and Taehyung soon put the only towel on his back so he could warm up. However, the other quickly made him sit next to him, putting a piece of the towel on his shoulders as well. Jimin let his head rest against the dark-haired boy's chest, while his gaze curiously followed the motions of the waves. "What do you hear when you feel the cold water?" Taehyung asked curiously as he watched the way Jimin's body moved slowly to try to find some comfort. "I really don’t hear anything. There are a lot of things I can’t hear or see, you know. I can’t see my own voice and I can’t hear my own touch, either." "Well, I’d would say that your voice is some kind of peachy orange or lavender." Taehyung laughed slightly after uttering such words. One of his indexes was strategically positioned beneath Jimin's chin so he could lift his face and offer himself the beautiful sigh of the other’s iris that reflected the moonlight. "Isn’t it frustrating?" "It's just ok, I guess. It's better not to see or hear certain things than hear or see things that are uncomfortable or make me feel anxious. Like the sound of a lot of people talking at the same time." Jimin explained earnestly though, his shoulders moving up and down trying to show some indifference. Taehyung nodded silently. His fingers traveled once more into Jimin's face, now removing the small drops that slowly rolled. "What do you hear when..." he began in a husky tone, watching Jimin's eyes for a few seconds before gently touching his fleshy lips on the wet skin of his neck. "...when I kiss you like this." Taehyung let his mouth begin by spreading short, light kisses all over that area and moving toward the upper area of his chest, relatively close to his nipples. Jimin reacted instantly, innumerable shivers acting like small electrical shocks all over his body. His eyes closed heavily, and his lower lip was gripped by his teeth. "It's relaxing. Pleasurable too. Your touch is special because I can hear a lot of stuff at the same time. Like nature sounds or beautiful and calming melodies." at this point, Jimin had already let the towel roll off his shoulders and fall into the sand. Taehyung smiled at what he had heard. His adventurous mouth now gently sucked at the hot skin of the other's neck, torturing it for a few seconds before letting his tongue caress the sore area, which now had a purple mark, forcing Jimin to release a pleasurable whimper. "And now? What do you hear?" Jimin had to inhale deeply and slide his tongue between his lips, moistening them, before finally answering. "It's beautiful. It's so fucking beautiful. I want to sink into it and let this sound consume me." Jimin had always been a person who felt too much. He saw too much, He heard too much. But Taehyung had the special gift of intensifying all his senses, of offering him the best he had. With Taehyung, Jimin had the opportunity to discover what he had never discovered before. With Taehyung, everything was a constant adventure. Everything was intense, new. Jimin let his iris be revealed again, just to face Taehyung, who was looking at him with a slight glint in his eyes and a smile that made his heart melt. "And you? What do you feel when I kiss you like this?" Jimin approached in a slow movement. His hands wrapped around the boy's neck and his nails slid along the back of his neck. His fleshy, wet lips pressed against his ear, distributing provocative and warm kisses in the area slightly below. He took his time, being careful and knowing perfectly where to kiss next to get a reaction from the boy in front of him. "I don’t know, this kinda turns me on," Taehyung murmured, clumsily, only to hear a loud chuckle form inside Jimin's throat. So shameless. "And like this?" Jimin tried once more, sliding his lips now - between short kisses - to his shiny mouth so he could get drunk on his taste, in order to kill his desire and offer himself that feeling he wouldn’t trade for anything. Curious lips received his immediately, starting a passionate kiss and stuffed with everything they felt at the moment. Adventurous hands that moved along each other's bodies, not knowing where to stop. Hearts that spoke louder than any voice. "I feel like I could love you until my last breath." It was Taehyung who finally gained the courage to break that moment, licking his lips carefully. And for the thousandth time that night, Jimin smiled. He smiled so much that his cheeks began to hurt. He smiled so much that Taehyung had to say something completely stupid for that wonderful smile to disappear. Jimin was happy too. The happiest. Taehyung made him feel in a way that he never thought it was possible. They stayed like this for a few hours, sharing thoughts, sweet smiles and giggling. Sharing touches and light kisses. Sharing unforgettable and endless I love you’s.  
“Until your last breath, uh? Where is the cold Kim Taehyung I met? I’m impressed.”

“A bad boy can be romantic too, brat.”

“Oh my god, please. You did not just call yourself bad boy. You’re so embarrassing.”

“But you love me like that!”

“Not when you refer to yourself as bad boy!”

“Shut up!”
     
Yoongi watched Jungkook in a corner, his arms perfectly crossed against his chest. Careful eyes followed in detail and curiously the way his fingers moved quickly and pressed the pretty - but dusty - black and white keys. In the corners of his mind, he praised Jungkook for the fact that the boy was so dedicated and persistent. There was nothing he wouldn’t finish if it was his will. This was one of the things he liked about him. Despite the innumerable flaws and frustrating cursing that were loosed into the air, Jungkook was getting better and better. Licking his lips slowly and displaying a small smirk, Yoongi eventually came closer as a loud, high-pitched sound broke the piano strings and a "Fuck" escaped through the room in frustration. "You're doing great," Yoongi commented in his usual hoarse tone as he took the empty seat next to Jungkook. "You make this seem easy, when it's not." The taller boy let a heavy sigh escape his lips as he brushed the strands of hair that covered his eyes. "Go easy on yourself. I personally think you're really good. You're learning faster than I did." Jungkook looked at Yoongi for a few seconds before nodding slightly, convincing himself inwardly that practice makes perfection. And that was his only goal at the time. "Play with me?" Jungkook asked in a low tone as he placed his hands on the beautiful keyboard. Yoongi quickly followed. Their hands moved carefully, treating the piano as if it were the finest object they had ever touched. As if any movement were enough to break it. The calmly and wonderfully composed melody filled the place and warmed their souls, giving them motivation to continue and do the best they knew. Deep down, Yoongi loved to know that Jungkook used him as an example. With the music driving his movements, Yoongi felt his breath stop as Jungkook's hand settled over his, his fingers moving slowly over his skin. Motionless, his gaze quickly focused on the youngest, who - surprisingly - also looked at him. 
Yoongi couldn’t explain what he felt at the moment, however, he tried - at all costs - not to give too much importance to the event, simply moving his hand away and raising his body to be able to stand beside the piano. "So... how are you doing, hm, about that issue?" His voice was hoarse, a bit awkward perhaps, and her gaze watched carefully the dust that covered the piano slightly. "I'm doing okay. Actually, I’m doing great. It's been a while now and he's with Jimin too so... I feel like the weight of the world left my shoulders." And that was the truth. Jungkook had moved on and was glad thar Taehyung had finally found a direction in his life. And now it was his turn. He deserved it, after all. Yoongi merely nodded, showing him a sympathetic smile as he held a bottle of soju and carried it to his lips to drink the delicious drink. Jungkook eventually stood up, after locking the keyboard with its own protection, and approached the low figure of the other, who, on the other hand, stepped back and sat on the old sofa. His eyebrow was partially raised, showing some confusion at the weird and sudden behavior of the black-haired boy. "Are you trying to avoid me?" Jungkook said, a serious expression dominating his rosy face. "Listen, Jungkook... I know you might feel lonely or vulnerable but-" "I don’t. I really don’t." "Then why have you been acting like this?" "Because I want to get closer to you. I've known you for years, you've been amazingly supportive, yet, I feel like I don’t know you at all." Yoongi swallowed and let a small sigh penetrate his lips the next second, only to let the green bottle rest on the dirty floor. "Ok. Ok, let's get closer. Let's get to know each other." He didn’t even want to believe the words he had just uttered. It was as if his rational side had been replaced by a sentimental side he didn’t even know he had. In fact, Yoongi had gained a special affection towards the boy. There was something about Jungkook that simply forced him to give in and want to protect or take care of him regardless of the situation. Jungkook stretched his hand toward the other, a smile playing on his lips. "Hello, I'm Jungkook. I'm 21 and I love challenges. I'm passionate about art and music and I used to want to be a police officer when I was a kid." Yoongi watched him briefly with a smile on his lips before taking the taller boy's hand and shaking it slightly. "Hello, I'm Yoongi. I'm 24 and I'm passionate about music as well. This guy right here is my best friend," he said hoarsely as he nodded toward the beautiful piano. "It's really nice to meet you, hyung." "It's nice to meet you too, Jungkook."        
Jimin repeated that step for the thousandth time in an hour. His body moved throughout the room, arms that accompanied the movements and the melody that played in the background. Drops of sweat poured down his face - then fading down his chin. One of Jimin's flaws was that he was constantly demanding more and more of himself. Nothing was enough, nothing was perfect. He was persistent, stubborn, and would only finish something when it was exactly as he wanted. A long sigh escaped his wet lips in frustration as he returned to his initial spot. His gaze focused on his own reflection in the mirror, a serious and intense expression filling his sweaty face and dominated by a rosy tone. Deep inside his mind, Jimin couldn’t hide the disappointment and dismay he felt at the moment. Taking a deep breath and running his hand through his hair to pull it back, he prepared to repeat his earlier movements. The dark tone of his eyes was hidden and his head fell back, only to slowly roll between his shoulders. His feet moved agilely on the wooden floor - quick, fluid, sensual movements. He was ready to let the music and all the colors that danced happily in the back of his eyes take him to another world. But the sound of the door opening quickly caught his attention, forcing him to observe the familiar figure through the mirror. A small smirk formed on his rosy lips as he continued with the choreography. And from one moment to the next, everything changed. It was as if a certain sense of confidence had dominated his body and all his insecurities had been destroyed. And like that, with an intense glance catching the taller’s, Jimin let his sudden sensation of power burn in his veins and force his figure to perform the most sensual and provocative movements. His hands ventured over his own body, feeling carefully every detail that constituted it as if it was the first time. His lower lip had been torturously massacred by his teeth, and his waist thrusted teasingly to the beat of the music. With Taehyung's gaze burning his whole being, Jimin felt powerful. It was incredible how, after all the moments they had already shared, he never failed to leave Taehyung completely miserable and anxious. With time, things just seemed to get more intense. In a fast movement, Jimin let his hands rest on the floor for support, only to let his body fall slowly and sensuously toward it later, where he slid skillfully before returning to his initial position. From the corner of his eye, Jimin watched as Taehyung's hand slid to his crotch, somehow trying to hide his noticeable excitement. Teasing Taehyung was a simply fascinating thing. It was like his little drug and he couldn’t get away from it. He always wanted more and more. With one of his hands sliding between his gray hair, pulling it back, Jimin used the other hand to invite the other to join that intense moment. Taehyung approached in short steps, his gaze never leaving Jimin's. The smaller boy eventually let his arms wrap around his neck, his lips dangerously close to his ear, making his warm, heavy breath give Taehyung light shivers all over his tall figure. "Like what you see?" His voice was hoarse, low, and it mirrored a certain intimacy. "Too much." Taehyung muttered under his breath as he tried to bring his hungry lips to Jimin's neck. However, the latter simply turned his body, now leaving his back completely against his chest. With one hand on the back of Taehyung's neck and the other leading the boy's hand to his own abs - beneath the sweaty fabric of his tank top - Jimin allowed his waist to perform slow movements so he could rub his ass against the erection that was starting to form inside the other’s pants. Jimin led Taehyung's hand along his body, daring to let his fingers caress the sensitive skin of his nipples while his lips were tortuously parted. His head fell back, using the other's shoulder as support. A long shiver ran through his body as Taehyung brought his available hand to his waist to keep their bodies perfectly together. However, Jimin - being the brat he was - painfully broke the contact between them, as he moved away toward the huge wall of mirrors, and could lean against one of the bright objects. A cheeky and challenging smile flashed across his face, his eyes made Taehyung his little victim. Taehyung eventually fell into his little trap, only following his footsteps and trying to take control of the moment when one of his fingers was lodged under Jimin's chin to lift his face. Jimin was quick to act, carefully holding the dark-haired boy's wrists and turning his body so that he could lean against one of the mirrors. The tension that dominated the place made Jimin's body burn and expect for what could happen in the next few minutes. "I want you now." Jimin finally confessed, a serious tone perfectly present in his voice. His face was slowly drawn, giving him the possibility of slowly brushing their lips. "I want to fuck you now." And so, Jimin kissed the taller boy. A kiss that started slowly and passionately. Lips that moved to the rhythm of their heartbeat and that intensified the kiss when their hungry mouths burned with desire. Tongues that got desperately involved and teeth that clutched in a messy way. Their breathes became one, and Jimin felt himself losing his mind. "Take my shirt off." His dominant tone commanded as he led the other's hands back up to his body. Taehyung had to admit that seeing Jimin assuming that dominating position was something that never failed to leave him completely lost. Completely submissive. Completely weak. Despite the huge windows that offered a privileged view to the outside of the dance room, none of them seemed too concerned that they could be caught at any moment. They had shared adventures like this before. They had been through a lot of risks together, and yet danger and adrenaline made things more interesting. Taehyung's hands quickly gripped the thin fabric of Jimin's tank top, picking it up and then pulling the garment off and tossing it awkwardly onto the wooden floor. With his fingers pressing the back of the other's neck, Taehyung pulled Jimin into a wild and new kiss. When Jimin broke the kiss to catch his breath, his fingers dared to invade Taehyung's dark hair and entwine them before pulling carefully, forcing the other's head to fall back and use the mirror as support. His hungry lips quickly found the warm, delicious skin of his neck, leaving wet kisses all over the area. His tongue repeated the previous way, slowly and torturously, making Taehyung's lips part and a low sigh to be released. Jimin's hands slid slowly along the side of his neck and chest, taking his time to caress his hard nipples and moving toward the waistband of his pants. With his fingertips, he had the opportunity to stroke the suffocating erection that was eager for relief. "Already so worked up for me." Jimin muttered under his breath, his voice hoarse and being muffled by the warm skin that his lips insisted on torturing. "You fucking drive me crazy." Taehyung finally admitted breathlessly, his hands that were daring enough to invade the inside of Jimin's sweatpants and squeeze his perfectly sculpted ass and massage it in circular motions. Jimin hissed at such an unexpected act. His teeth finally nibbled at the warm reddish skin, his hands loosening the button of Taehyung's pants, only to later take off his half-hard cock. His hands wrapped the base carefully, squeezing before finally moving in slow up and down movements. "Be good for me and undress yourself, baby." The gray-haired boy ordered as he stepped slightly to give the other the opportunity to do what he had been asked. The palm of his hand teasing the reddish tip of Taehyung’s pulsating erection. Taehyung felt that his legs could give in at any moment when a pleasant surge of heat ran through his body. A hoarse moan was formed inside his throat and traveled between the walls of the dance floor. Despite his weakened state, Taehyung eventually followed Jimin's orders and slowly took off his own sweater, revealing his perfectly delineated body. "You're so pretty. The prettiest." Jimin murmured as his iris watched the young man in front of him, a small smile filling his lips. Taehyung's body seemed to shine. "Jimin, I need you. I need you so bad." Taehyung whimpered, the desire and despair burning in the hazel color of his eyes. A small kiss was left over his shoulder before Jimin dropped Taehyung’s dick and rested his hands on his waist, only to later turn his body, forcing his chest to lean against the mirror. In an unexpected move, Taehyung felt his pants stop at his ankles, along with his black boxers. With his hands perfectly glued to the glass and his heart pumping inside his chest, his being was anxious for what was about to happen. "Touch yourself." Jimin indicated in a provocative tone that mirrored his dominant position in every word uttered. His body was strategically bent over Taehyung's, his cheeky mouth gripping the skin of his shoulder, sucking for brief seconds, only to watch the purple mark filling the area later. When Taehyung didn’t follow Jimin's command, the latter quickly let his hand rest on his ass, where - in the next instant - a slap was firmly applied, causing a hoarse, heavy groan to hit the glass of the mirror- slightly damp due to his burning breath. "Touch yourself, baby," Jimin repeated, his fleshy lips coming down between wet and tortuous kisses along his back. His hands massaged the skin of Taehyung's ass, exerting some pressure. When the dark-haired boy finally let his own hands wrap around his erection, Jimin couldn’t contain the smile that appeared on his face in satisfaction. The way his long fingers wrapped his cock so easily, pumping in rhythmic movements. His deliciously broken lips and rolling eyes were driving Jimin crazy. This is one of the things that Jimin appreciated the most in his relationship with Taehyung. All the adrenaline, the intensity, the unexpectedness of the moments. All of this made Jimin ever feel so alive. Jimin let the weight of his body rest on the ground as he knelt behind Taehyung. His hands slid slowly along his thighs, his skin reacting and shivering beneath his touch. Then Jimin cupped his butt again, spreading his cheeks apart. "Please, touch me. I fucking- I need to feel you." Taehyung begged, the movements performed by his hand becoming more intense. His mind was empty, his head dizzy, and his eyes began to lose their focus of vision. Stroking his own dick, Taehyung felt he could reach his limit like that. "Be patient, baby. I want to make you feel good." It was the last thing he said before nibbling on one of Taehyung's butt cheeks and then hiding his face between them. His tongue was quick to act, licking that area slowly and pleasantly. His breathing seemed to be synchronized with the movements of his hands that carefully pressed the area below Taehyung's crotch. His tongue teased his hole and left little licks. Taehyung's whimpering - which eventually became louder - was used as an incentive for Jimin to increase the speed of his movements and to take one of his fingers to sink inside Taehyung. "Fuck- Jimin..." Taehyung moaned, weak, his hands failing on the mission to stroke his own cock and forcing himself to find support in the mirror in front of him. Even with his blurred vision, he could see the color of his face and how messy and dirty he looked. With his erection against his own abdomen, Taehyung was starting to lose his sense of reality. A second finger joined, matching his tongue and offering the taller boy the purest taste of insanity. Knowing that Jimin had so much power and control over the other, knowing that he was the only one who could leave him in that state of submission, made him, too, groan in despair against Taehyung’s hole. His own erection throbbing inside his pants and yearned for relief."Hm, you taste so good." "If you don’t get your dick inside me now, I'll cum right here."Jimin chuckled slightly before fastening his movements for the last time. His body was lifted again, and his tongue was now licking his own lips, and getting drunk on the taller’s taste. His hands didn’t waste time in lowering his own pants, along with his boxers, offering his cock the relief that it craved so much. His erection was slowly pumped from the top to the base for a few seconds before finally sink inside Taehyung, a hoarse, almost inaudible moan escaping through his mouth. His lower lip was quickly snapped and tortured by his teeth before moving his waist. Jimin started by performing slow movements, letting his erection sink painfully. One of his hands, perfectly placed on Taehyung's waist, forced the boy to remain motionless in his place. The other kept his fingers entwined in Taehyung's dark hair, pulling them to keep his head back. The most diverse emotions began to burn in his veins, the pleasure taking his body to madness while the sound of their skin clashing indecently broke their ears and gave his eyes beautiful shades of yellow and orange. He thrusted hard and deep, his dick reaching a more sensitive zone that made the hoarse voice of Taehyung break into filthy and naughty moans. Fast, heavy breaths that dampened the mirror and warmed the air around them. "Face yourself in the mirror. How messy and filthy you look with my dick up your ass." Jimin growled under his breath when he forced the boy to face the mirror as he pulled his hair. "Like what you see, baby?" Taehyung forced himself to observe his own reflection once more. His lips were swollen and red, his skin bright with the sweat that burned his golden skin. "Yes- Yes, love being messy with you." Jimin moved his waist again, alternating between slow and careful movements and fast, deep movements. Both his hands pressed and marked the skin of Taehyung's hips, drops of sweat filling his whole body. "Fuck- Jimin- you feel so fucking good." Taehyung whined, broken moans and gasping breath escaping through his mouth. His hands relied on Jimin as the latter reached his prostate painfully, offering him the greatest bit of pleasure. He was close. He was so close. "Say- Say my name, baby. Say my name while you cum for me." his tone was seductive, but his breathing insisted on running over his words. Jimin's hand eventually enveloped Taehyung’s cock, pumping it quickly as he proceeded with his wild movements that eventually led the other to his magnificent orgasm, his husky voice moaning Jimin's name among random groans. His orgasm was poured over his own body and the mirror in front of both and Taehyung has never felt so dirty. Jimin, on the other hand, forced his own figure to now execute slower movements that eventually led him - too - to his climax. Fast breaths filled the air, and lost minds tried to find their thoughts once more as both bodies laid motionless for long seconds. Jimin was the first to move, sticking his lips to the skin of Taehyung's shoulder, leaving small, short kisses in that area. The tip of his fingers caressing his abdomen as he drew random imaginary lines. "I love you. I love you. I love you," Jimin repeated countless times, feeling his voice become weak inside his throat. Taehyung let a faint smile fill his swollen lips. "I love you more than anything, Jiminie."        
Taehyung was on his dormitory when everything collapsed. A change of clothes on the bed, his wet hair - the result of a brief shower - that distributed drops of water through his body. His hands quickly pulled it back. He was going to meet with Jimin that night. It had been Taehyung's idea to go to the Han River and maybe eat one or two ice cream. In the corners of his mind, he could hear Jimin's voice complain in anticipation. That thought made a small laugh get out of his dry lips. As he prepared to wear the black cloth covering his bed, the sound of his vibrating phone caught his attention. With an eyebrow raised and a touch of distrust in the expression on his face, Taehyung eventually answered the unexpected call. The lines of his face quickly changed as the voice on the other side spoke. And at that moment, his world stopped.    
The thing about happiness is that it doesn’t last forever.
    



Chapter End Notes
Hi guys, I’m finally back with another chapter! 2 chapters left and a lot of stuff is about to happen so prepare yourselves! Let me know your feedbacks.As always, kudos & comments will be much appreciated.You can find me on twt or tumblr @/sovlmataes


Chapter 14
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin's life was almost perfect at this point.
 
The key word: almost.
 
Despite all the difficulties, he had enviable grades, had Taehyung by his side - who offered him the best moments of happiness he had ever had - and Hoseok was - finally - back to his life.
 
It took Jimin about a month to gain the courage to meet with his best friend and talk about everything that bothered their souls. He cried, he wouldn't deny it. Hoseok too, despite all the sobs he swallowed to prevent himself from breaking down. Jimin's heart spoke louder than ever, offering the orange haired boy a taste of the happiness he had found in Taehyung. Hoseok remained silent for most of the conversation, eventually following his own instincts and embracing the boy's body - tightly - while his broken voice murmured a small "I'm sorry."
 
A week later, Hoseok met Taehyung.
 
Remembering Taehyung's nervousness about the meeting made Jimin let out small laugh in those moments when his mind dared to go further. The way his long fingers trembled as they held Jimin's, squeezing more than needed. He could have sworn that tiny droplets of sweat rolled discreetly along his forehead. It was a lovely image.
 
However, to Jimin's surprise, the two guys ended up getting along really well. It all started when Taehyung - perhaps with the help of his nervousness -made a random comment about the video games he has played lately and which, incredibly, was one of Hoseok's favorites.
 
At the end of the night, Hoseok offered them both a tight, familiar hug that murmured the support he couldn't express in words. A wide, genuine smile drawn on his lips.
 

Jimin was happy. Jimin was happy until he wasn't.

 
 
 
 
He began to notice that something was wrong on a Sunday night. His naked body completely lying on top of Taehyung's, heavy breaths that filled and drowned the air of the small room. The overwhelming sensation of their orgasms still burning in their veins and weakening their fragile figures.
 
Jimin kept his forehead against Taehyung's, messy, sweaty hair that looked like one. His lips deliciously split over the other's while his eyes didn't dare to open.
 

Just a bit longer.

 
He felt he could fall asleep like that, as he had done so many times in the past. But his body reacted immediately when two firm hands rested at the bottom of his back, where a slight pressure was exerted to push him away to the empty side of the bed. Jimin revealed the dark, dazzled tone of his iris, lazily, just to watch Taehyung lift his body and hold his underwear. Then, short, slow steps were taken toward the outside of the room.
 
Jimin raised both brows in a mixture of confusion and surprise at such acts. Inside his chest, his heart squeezed in an uncomfortable and almost unfamiliar way. Almost. It was a long-standing feeling, but never forgotten.
 
He forced himself to stand up and hurriedly wear his boxers, and his gray sweatpants, which had so far decorated the wooden floor. Jimin followed Taehyung's footsteps, only to cough unexpectedly at the intolerant smoke that filled the room. A cigarette burned between the swollen, rosy lips of the sinful moment they had shared moments before.
 
"Tae,'' Jimin started by muttering worriedly. As the cloud of smoke grew, so did the anxiety and worry inside his chest. ''Why are you smoking? It's been a long time since-''
 
Taehyung cut off his words at once, with a hoarse voice. ''I know''.
 
Jimin let his body approach, carefully and in slow steps. An unfamiliar taste on the tip of his tongue, a foreign sensation that disturbed him and his thoughts. With his fingertips, he had the opportunity to caress the other's pink cheek. Taehyung's eyes were black, emotionless, and Jimin felt himself shudder before that image.
 
He swallowed hard before letting his voice out. ''Tae- that's not good for you.''
 
Taehyung let a small sigh drop his lips as he tried to get his attention anywhere but the face of the gray-haired boy.
 
''Just let me be, Jimin. You worry too much." there was something in his tone that made Jimin think that that wasn't his Taehyung. Maybe the Taehyung he knew when it all started.
 
But not his Taehyung.
 
''Let me take a drag too, then.'' His voice was precise and demanding, a small glow dominating the dark tone of his eyes.
 
''I'd never do that.''
 
''Why?''
 
''Because it's not good-'' Taehyung prevented himself from continuing his own sentence, his gaze quickly met Jimin's.
 
The expression on Taehyung's face let Jimin know that the other had gotten his point. He just nodded slowly, his eyebrows brusquely contracted and heart on his sleeve.
 
"Please, don't smoke," Jimin asked as he laid his hands on the other's tense and strong shoulders, only to slowly slide them up to the nape of his neck and bury his fingers in his soft hair.
 
Taehyung sighed. ''Just stop worrying.''
 
Jimin sighed, too, heavily. His hands were - almost automatically - removed and then his body walked back toward the small room. He felt hurt. It's been a while since Taehyung talked to him like that. Maybe he was just dramatizing, maybe he was just too sensitive, but Jimin couldn't feel indifferent about it. He wondered inwardly why Taehyung was acting so cold when, minutes before, everything was perfect.
 
Filling his chest with air as he tried to ward off the most uncomfortable thoughts, Jimin grabbed Taehyung's black hoodie, the one that grew slightly larger when he was dressing it himself and that hid his hands. Letting his arms roll down the sleeves, the warm cloth quickly fell on his torso, the hood partially hiding his face.
 
He laid down on the bed, the pleasant scent that stained the garment made the gray-haired boy's heart speed up. This was one of the reasons why he loved wearing the other's clothes.
 
When Taehyung entered the room as well, Jimin was lying on the messy sheets, his body slightly curled into a fetal position. His eyes closed heavily as he caught the light footsteps of the other that made the wood of the room crack. The next minute, strong, warm arms wrapped around his body. Taehyung's chest perfectly leaning against his back.
 
There was no space between them, but Jimin didn't mind it.
 
He didn't move, Taehyung's hot, calm breath crashing against his shoulder.
 
By the time Taehyung whispered a small ''I'm sorry,'' Jimin pretended to be asleep. However, with his feelings all over the place, he found it hard to sleep, even breathe. Thinking too much, caring too much, feeling too much.
 
 
 
 
 
 
After that day, Jimin knew things were getting worse.
 
There were rare days when Taehyung wouldn't find an excuse for not being able to meet with Jimin. ''I have to study'' or ''something came up'', he would say. But Jimin wished he didn't know better.
 
He was slowly breaking, just like their relationship.
 
Jimin tried to convince himself that it was only a phase. But as days went by and insecurities grew inside his chest, that idea had begun to fade.
 
Maybe Taehyung was tired of him. Maybe Taehyung didn't love him anymore. Maybe... Maybe Taheyung had found someone better. The idea of seeing the other with someone else made Jimin feel sick to his stomach. It made his heart clench and tears roll down his face.
 
He was angry at Taehyung, annoyed with himself. Shattered, empty, hurt.
 

Please, I just want to be good enough.

 
Then, one night, Jimin laid down on his bed, which seemed much larger now that Taehyung hadn't slept in it for about two weeks. The sheets were cold and when Jimin tried to breathe the intoxicating scent of the other, he felt his soul sink. It wasn't there. And with his heart breaking, Jimin felt desperate. A sudden anxiety that choked his breath, tears burning his face.
 
He missed Taehyung so much. Why was Jimin the only one who cared? Why was he the only one who felt like dying? Why the fuck was Taehyung acting like that? Jimin needed answers. Jimin needed something he could use to hold on.
 
His trembling fingers were quick to press the keys of his phone, hiccups sprouting inside his throat.
 
 
 
To: Taehyungie
Time: 01:45 AM
Tae, please
I need you so much
 
 
To: Taehyungie
Time: 01:46 AM
My bed doesn't even smell like you anymore
Please
Why are you doing this to me
 
 
To: Taehyungie
Time: 01:47 AM
I miss you so much
Tae
I love you
 
 
 
 
That night, Taehyung came. As soon as the door opened, anxious arms wrapped around the tall boy's body. With the euphoria of the moment, Jimin swore he could hear the furious beating of his heart inside his head. And he knew Taehyung could hear it, too. Desperate hands held the thin fabric of the sweater that covered the other's chest, tightly, while nostalgic lips killed the desire between hungry and messy kisses on the boy's neck and shoulder.
 
''Please, don't go- I miss you so much.'' His words were rushed, and seemed to be constantly trampled by his unstable breath. To Jimin, that moment felt like a hot summer night, like a dip in the sea, or like running in a field full of flowers. However, a touch of bitterness made his stomach contract involuntarily. ''Sleep with me tonight.''
 
''Jimin..." Taehyung said. Voice strangely calm, while his body remained motionless. Such an attitude made the other's mind go blank.
 
''I want you... Please.'' Jimin's lips finally - finally - found Taehyung's. The kiss was rushed and sloppy, causing their teeth to collide, and caught their breaths inside their lungs. Curious fingers traveled along the taller boy's chest, moving toward his neck, while Jimin tried desperately to rub their crotches. He pressed his fingers - harder than he really intended -against the warm, pale skin of the other's neck, lips and tongue sucking at his breath.
 
Deep inside his mind, Jimin knew that this wasn't just a simple attempt to have sex. It was, too, but at the back of his mind Jimin knew it was just a desperate attempt to be good enough. An attempt to show that Taehyung didn't need anyone else. An attempt to bring Taehyung - his Taehyung - back.
 
However, he just felt the world fall under his own feet. The lack of contact on the part of the other was enough for him to get his own conclusions. The kiss was broken as well as the hope he still clung to. Jimin didn't know if it had been the embarrassment or the sudden urge to cry that covered the cheeks of his face with a light pink. His fists clenched painfully and all his pain was expressed through the tears that burned, not only his face, but his soul as well. The taste of rejection burned on the tip of his tongue.
 
"I can't even turn you on anymore," Jimin muttered under his breath, before pressing his lips hard against each other. Unexpected sobs sprouted inside his throat, making it hard to breathe and think properly. ''I can't even make you touch me or kiss me back- I feel so fucking disgusting and embarrassed right now.''
 
Jimin noticed the way Taehyung tried to approach his hand, slowly and fearfully, only to push it away seconds later and comfort it inside the pocket of his coat, letting a taste of anxiety grow inside him. He wanted to scream, but he didn't feel capable of it.
 
"Jimin." The hoarse, empty voice of the hazel-eyed boy spoke slowly, almost emotionless. A small step was taken, trying to reduce the distance between both bodies, but Jimin was quick to retreat, preventing the boy from approaching. ''I'm sorry-''
 
''Don't. Just go.''
 
When Jimin lifted his red face to meet his eyes, Taehyung felt his breath fail for a few seconds. The pain in his eyes was simply overwhelming. He didn't want to see that look again. He didn't want to see Jimin suffer because of him again.
 
"Go," Jimin repeated as he held his body with his own arms, feeling too small at that moment. Too fragile, as if a single touch were enough to break him.
 
The way Taehyung's body shuddered didn't go unnoticed when Jimin repeated it a third time, his voice noticeably higher and more damaged. He took a deep breath, once, twice, before walking away in quiet steps. In a hoarse tone, he apologized again, before leaving the room and closing the door.
 
As soon as Taehyung left, Jimin broke down. Legs too weak and tired to take the weight of his own body, so he just dropped on the wooden floor. With his legs close to his chest, and arms tightly hugging them, Jimin had the opportunity to hide his wet face between his knees, desperate sobs leaving his lips.
 
Too shameful to lift his head.
 
''You- You'll never be good enough, Park Jimin.''
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Taehyung wandered through the dark corridors of the building, the weight of his heart too heavy inside his chest. He promised he wouldn't cry.
 
 He didn't know where he was going, but his instinct did. Old habits really are hard to let go of. And so he found himself in front of the dorm he knew so well. Though it was too late, Taehyung didn't hesitate to raise his hand and knock lightly on the door, only to hear a hurried 'oh shit' from the other side.
 
Jungkook was awake, afterall.
 
Taehyung had only to wait a few seconds for the door to open, revealing the darkness that dominated the interior and the high figure of his best friend.
 

Best friend.


 

Those words sounded strange inside his mind.
 
''Hyung?'' Surprise perfectly perceptible in his tone of voice.
 
Taehyung moved his gaze slowly, watching Jungkook curiously and attentively. Messy hair, shiny, swollen lips, bare chest and the reddish mark perfectly located on his neck certainly didn't go unnoticed.
 
He parted his lips lazily, wanting to let his voice be heard, but he quickly closed them again as he could observe Yoongi's small figure over the other's shoulder. Jungkook was quick to notice Taehyung's reaction, letting a short ''oh'' escape his swollen lips.
 
''hyung- hyung was keeping me company.''
 
"Oh, is that so?" Taehyung raised his eyebrow at Jungkook's failed attempt to explain the obvious.
 
He could feel some bitterness inside his mouth. Envy. Not because Jungkook and Yoongi were - probably - together. But because everyone around him seemed to be moving on, everyone seemed to seek happiness, while, he, himself, seemed to stay in the same place. Taehyung seemed the only one who allowed himself to drown on his own sorrow, on his own pain. Taehyung seemed the only one who couldn't get, nor offer, happiness.
 

And that hurt.

 
"Hyung, are you ok?" Jungkook asked, concern in his words. Despite his attempt at description, Taehyung was able to observe the way Yoongi's hand landed carefully on the bottom of the other's naked back.
 
Taking a deep breath, Taehyung nodded.
 
"I just needed a hug." He ended up admitting it, neutral expression hiding the confusion of feelings that corrupted his soul. ''I'm sorry, it's late and I didn't want to interrupt.''
 
Jungkook shook his head slowly before approaching, letting his arms wrap around the fragile figure of the older boy. Taehyung wanted to cry. Taehyung wanted to cry so bad. But he only sucked his own tears and hid his face on Jungkook's shoulder.
 
And among all the innumerable thoughts, he couldn't help but think how unfair this was. Not to Taehyung or Jungkook or Yoongi. But to Jimin. He didn't feel capable of showing any affection to the latter, no matter how much he wanted, and now, here he was, between Jungkook's comfortable and nostalgic grip-
 
When the hug was broken, Taehyung looked at him for a few seconds. Then Yoongi. The black haired boy finally came close, offering him a tight hug. Such an unexpected act made Taehyung's eyebrows raise almost automatically, a sensation he couldn't describe dominating his body.
 
Yoongi really wasn't the affectionate type of guy, and he definitely wasn't the kind to offer any type of caress. Taehyung thought that Jungkook was to blame for this sudden change of attitude. Deep down, and for a few seconds, he was able to feel happy for his friends.
 
The smaller boy finally pulled away, a faint smile filling his thin lips. "Take care of yourself, Taehyung," he murmured, sympathy in each of the words.
 
"Thank you," Taehyung began, lightly nibbling at his lower lip. ''hyung.''
 
The presence of honorifics left Yoongi surprised. It was the first time, perhaps, that word had left the boy's lips. Taehyung watched the two boys one last time, before murmuring a small "have fun" and walking once more along the dark corridors.
 
As he walked away, Taehyung could hear the voices of Jungkook and Yoongi, though - and he didn't know if he could blame his fatigue or simply the distance - he couldn't understand.
 
When he finally entered his own dorm, wandering through the darkness of the place and stumbling on the countless bottles that decorated the floor, he ended up in the small bathroom. He watched his own reflection in the mirror, failure written on his forehead, sadness marked on the bags beneath his eyes.
 
Taehyung felt he could throw up at that moment.
 
He took a deep breath - breathe in, out, in, out - and washed his face in the sink, carefully and lazily, only to look back at the glass object. It took longer than he actually expected.
 
At this point, Taehyung was his own worst enemy. He spent too much time alone, too much time thinking, too much time feeling.
Prisoner of himself.
At this point, Taehyung didn't even know who he was anymore. He felt tears in his eyes that broke his lashes, but he couldn't see them. They weren't there. And he wished, deep inside his mind, to go back to where he was, where he didn't think, where he didn't exist, where he didn't cry.
 
And he thought, deep inside his mind; would he be ok? Would Jimin be ok?
 
Taehyung wished he could have an answer.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jimin kept his eyes focused on the old, dusty pages of the huge book he pretended to read, his body sloplessly leaning against the large wooden counter in front of him. His mind too numb to pay attention to the words that decorated the pages. Something about a pirate adventure? Jimin couldn't say. Occasionally he would divert his gaze and observe the library or help the students to find specific books.
 
Today was a quiet day, but Jimin couldn't wait for his shift to come to an end so he could go back to his dorm and occupy his mind with something else, anything.
 
A long sigh trailed his lips as he slowly moved his body, trying to find a more comfortable position. He felt his phone vibrate in the back pocket of his jeans, and at that moment, he almost felt his heart jump out of his mouth. Fingers tried to hold the small electronic object, a touch of hope that made his stomach burn. But that feeling quickly fade when Jimin didn't find Taehyung's name on the screen. Shaking his head from side to side, he put the phone back.
 
It was ridiculous of him to think Taehyung would take the initiative to talk to him, or take the initiative to explain his behavior. Or even gain the courage to tell him that he no longer wanted him, that he no longer loved him.
 
Jimin swallowed painfully, only to be forced to hide all his emotions the moment a shadow landed on the wooden counter.
 
''Hello, how can I help-'' his voice was initially calm, however, he stopped his own words as his dark iris found Jungkook's face.
 
''Hi Jimin,'' he said sympathetically, a small smile filling his face. ''Can we talk for a bit?''
 
The sound of his voice danced in the back of Jimin's eyes.
 
''Uh, I'm working now,'' he pronounced quickly, almost as an excuse to turn down the taller boy's proposal. A touch of nervousness that made his abdomen twitch slightly.
 
''It's just for bit, I promise.''
 
His gaze watched Jungkook's face for a few seconds, remaining silent. Then, he looked at the small watch on his wrist, only to let an audible sigh pierce his fleshy lips seconds later.
 
''I get out in ten. We can talk then.''
 
Jungkook merely smiled at him.
 
 
 
 
 
The two boys walked side by side for a few minutes, not daring to break the silence that accompanied them. Jungkook was the first one to stop, nodding to inform Jimin of where they were going to sit. Jimin let his body fall awkwardly onto the fresh grass that covered the ground of the small garden he so adored. Beautiful flowers had already sprouted and filled the place with color, announcing the long awaited arrival of Spring.
 
When Jungkook sat down next to him, the latter eventually pulled out two sandwiches, leaving one on his lap and offering the other in Jimin's direction.
 
''You probably haven't eaten yet.''
 
''It's fine-''
 
"C'mon, just take it." Jungkook smiled.
 
With both eyebrows raised in surprise, Jimin ended up holding the sandwich between his fragile fingers, murmuring a small ''thank you''. They ate quietly, while both their gazes seemed more interested in observing curiously everything that surrounded them. Birds flying harmoniously, the slightly warm breeze that offered Jimin beautiful shades of bright yellow and caribbean blue, and the way the tree branches and flowers danced together.
 
''It's good, isn't it?'' Jungkook ended up speaking in a lively way, his mouth covered with small crumbs that were quickly wipped away with the help of his hands.
 
Jimin nodded, still curious at the other's attitude.
 
''What do you want to tell me?''
 
Jungkook didn't respond immediately. Instead, he moved his body slowly over the grass, crossing his legs only to rest his hands on his thighs. Big, worried brown eyes met Jimin's, making him feel small again. He simply swallowed.
 
''Taehyung showed up at my dorm, for the first time in a while.'' The younger boy began quietly, his gaze never leaving Jimin's. "He said he needed a hug?" He wondered to himself, almost as if he were trying to remember exactly the words uttered by his best friend.
 
Jimin felt his chest tighten, heart too damaged at the mention of that name. His gaze was quick to land on his hands, which played frantically with the light fabric of his shirt. He wouldn't deny that those words had more impact than he wanted. Jimin couldn't even get a reaction, an affectionate gesture, or simply an explanation from Taehyung. But Jungkook had the opportunity to hug him, to talk to him.
 
He felt - in a certain way - betrayed.
 
''He didn't look good, though.'' Jungkook sighed the next second. ''I was wondering if something happened.''
 
"I don't know." Jimin answered immediately, a certain bitterness, - hurt perhaps- present in his tone of voice. Unusual breathing and eyebrows contracted abruptly. ''He doesn't really talk to me anymore.''
 
Though he couldn't see it, Jimin could feel the change in Jungkook's posture, his now more tense body, and a remarkable surprise at the way his mouth let out a small "oh."
 
''Did you fight?''
 
''No. He just- stepped away.''
 
Jungkook let a faint smile light his face, the familiarity of those words echoing inside his mind. All of this was too familiar, too fresh under his skin. It was like his own memories.
 
''That's what he does, Jimin. He probably thinks he's doing you a favour.''
 
"Or maybe he just doesn't love me anymore," Jimin murmured, more to himself than to the boy next to him. ''I mean, if he has ever loved me in the first place.''
 
''He pushes people away when he's not ok, you know.''
 
''But he won't even tell me what's wrong, how am I supposed to help him?''
 
Jimin didn't know why he was venting with Jungkook. From among all possible people, Jungkook was the last person with whom he would have imagined himself to do so. But there was something about the boy that told him he understood what Jimin was feeling. There was something that brought him some confidence and that told him that it was okay to open his heart and just... let it out.
 
''Loving Taehyung is... hard.'' Jungkook began, his gaze now focused precisely on the clear blue sky above them. ''Exhausting, I would say.''
 
Jimin felt strangely curious at the mention of those words, the dark tone of his iris following the movements of the other's lips, as if it was the most interesting thing; and, in fact, it was.
 
"It's like dying from thirst in the middle of the sea and then drown." He exhaled in a small laugh as he shook his head from side to side. Eyes too bright, however, the melancholy was perfectly remarkable.
 
And then, it all made sense in Jimin's head.
 
Jungkook was, once, in love with Taehyung, too.
 
That new information (or conclusion) felt too heavy on his own chest. He wondered inwardly why Taehyung had never mentioned anything on this subject.
 
''He will do this a lot, you know. He will go, and then he will come back because he can't stand the idea of being alone, even though it was his decision. But it doesn't mean he doesn't love you.''
 
''I don't think he will come this time.''
 
''I've been with Taehyung since we were four or five years old. And I've never heard him talk about someone else the way he talked about you." Behind the smile that covered his pink lips, Jimin could feel some resentment. But he didn't dare to mention it.
 
His abdomen contracted in anticipation, anxiety that burned in his veins and thoughts and memories that filled his mind and made him dizzy without concrete reasoning. He had to inhale deeply and close his eyes for a few seconds before finally nodding and letting his voice make itself heard.
 
''I guess.''
 
''Everything will be ok. I promise you." Jungkook murmured, almost with a heavy sigh, before sliding carefully over the grass and wrapping Jimin's body in his arms. Hands properly positioned on the other's backs, moved slowly to comfort the frail boy.
 
Jimin raised both eyebrows immediately at the unexpectedness of Jungkook's actions. But he simply returned the gesture, letting his forehead rest on the taller's shoulder and his arms wrapped around his waist. He closed his eyes, trying to control his breathing once more, and for a brief moment he tried to imagine that the person he was holding was someone else.
 
And for a few seconds, he tried to imagine that he was in Taehyung's arms instead.
 
 
 
 
 
The first time Jimin saw Taehyung after that night, they were both in the hallway of one of the dorm building divisions. His breath got caught inside his chest for a few moments as their gazes crossed and their shoulders brushed carefully. He stopped, his feelings seemed to imprison him to the floor while his iris closely followed the movements of the other.
 
Jungkook's words seemed to echo inside his mind, a touch of awe, and the exaggerated fear of rejection keeping him from moving forward.
 
The way his heart seemed to sink deep inside his chest didn't go unnoticed by Taehyung's attitude. Anyone, who had no idea of what was going on, would say that they were only two strangers. Jimin, himself, felt they were actually strangers at that moment. It was as if the months they spent together were nothing more than mere events that time had taken. It was as if what they shared and which Jimin so appreciated and was so grateful for, meant nothing. It was as if Jimin meant nothing.
 
It hurt. It hurt so damn much.
 
''Tae.'' Jimin didn't realize the moment his voice filled the silence of the place, the affectionate nickname foreign on his tongue. He swallowed as Taehyung stopped in front of the door of his own dorm, his body remarkably stiff.
 
It took every ounce of him to move his body. It took every ounce of him to walk in long steps and reduce the distance between them. It took him a deep breath to look the boy in the eyes, two black pearls looking back at him.
 
Jimin felt the absence of the glow that used to dominate them.
 
He licked his lips in a calm movement as he drew his hands close to Taehyung's chest, only to wrap the fabric of the cloth between his slender fingers.
 
"Tae," he repeated, now in a lower, almost breathless tone. ''Can I come in? Let's talk, please.''
 
The proximity between the two bodies allowed Jimin to feel the change in Taehyung's breathing, which became slower and heavier. His distant gaze didn't dare to cross the gray-haired boy's, becoming more interested in the wall in front of them.
 
"Please," Jimin repeated before the absence of a response or reaction. The grip on Taehyung's sweater grew stronger, the desperation perfectly present in that simple word.
 
The two boys remained silent for long, endless seconds, eyes that glowed with long-extinct hope. Words that were lost in his tongue and that couldn't be said, because, now, nothing was as it used to be.
 
And then, Taehyung gave in, just nodding, only to open the door. A sigh penetrated Jimin's fleshy lips almost inaudibly, his hands immediately missing the heat that pierced through the other's clothing and offered his touch a familiar embrace.
 
Taehyung was the first to enter, not being bothered by the countless bottles that spread his anguish across the floor and the small table by the entrance. Jimin, on the other hand, felt his chest tighten drastically, making him take both hands to his chest as if he could make the pain disappear. His gaze ran over every detail, calmly, his mind being tortured by the constant doubts, questions, and thoughts that insisted to show up.
 
This was an image Jimin thought he would never see again.
 
He swallowed for the thousandth time and quickly focused all his attention on Taehyung's body, which eventually sat carefully on the couch. He approached, fearfully, eventually taking up the free space next to the boy.
 
''What's happening to you? You were doing so well-'' Jimin dared to break the silence. ''What is all of this? Why are you doing this?" He tried to project his voice as calmly as possible, the dark tone of his iris glowing with the unhappiness that was beginning to form in his eyes. The last thing he wanted was to cause an argument.
 
''Because this is who I am.'' The hoarse voice of the other ended up being heard, while Taehyung shrugged his shoulders in a sign of indifference.
 
''That's not true. You're so much more," Jimin let his hand point to the several empty bottles that filled the room, as if he wanted to highlight what he was about to say. ''than this.''
 
Jimin noticed the way Taehyung's hands played frantically with each other, fingers that intertwined and retreated countless times, almost as if he, too, was nervous. He noticed the fact that the other's hair was longer, his bangs slightly covering the hazel of his eyes and joining his long eyelashes.
 
''I don't know what's happening with you, but you can trust me. We are- we used to be a team.'' those words made his chest tighten. It was hard to think of how things had changed. It was hard to think Taehyung was no longer his.
 
Maybe Taehyung was never meant to be his, anyway.
 
''I know.'' The taller boy simply said, his hands now caressing the cloth of his pants.
 
Jimin looked at him again before risking everything. His hand slid quietly over the fabric of the sofa, before travelling along Taehyung's arm and shoulder and finally landing on the warm skin of his face. In a quick impulse, the distance between the two bodies was reduced and Jimin had the opportunity to join his lips to the others, initiating a calm kiss.
 
And for a brief moment, Jimin almost - almost - felt the sweet taste of having Taehyung to return the gesture, but all he got was, once again, the bitter taste of rejection.
 
"You lied to me." Jimin's voice was low, almost inaudible. His hands, too weak with the overwhelming disillusionment he was feeling, slipped once more toward the sofa, where they remained motionless. '' You said you could love me until your last breath. But how can you do that, when you don't even want me anymore? When you don't even love me anymore?''
 
He felt his eyes heavy with the sudden urge to cry. He felt angry at Taehyung for not giving him an explanation. He felt angry at himself for not being able to do something to make things go back to the way they used to be. And deep inside, Jimin knew he couldn't. However, he merely allowed his forehead to rest carefully on the other's comfortable shoulder. If Taehyung minded the action, he didn't say anything.
 
''I was doing just fine while I was destroying myself. I was doing just fine, but then I stopped. Because of you. How can you doubt I love you?'' Taehyung said, a touch of pain present on his tone of voice. He eventually raised his body drastically, leaving Jimin unsupported. His body walked around the room in short steps, his hands pushing his hair back as countless thoughts bothered his mind.
 
''Then why are you acting like this with me? You don't even talk to me anymore. You don't even kiss me or touch me anymore!'' Jimin let his voice out, tears rolling down his face and burning his blushed skin.
 
''You don't understand.''
 
''Then make me understand!'' The older boy sobbed against the palms of his hands, which tried at all costs to collect the desperate tears that wouldn't dare to disappear.
 
Taehyung stopped. He took a deep breath and came closer again, eventually kneeling in front of Jimin. Both hands rested softly on the cloth that covered his thighs, while his gaze, filled with concern, was trying to find the gray-haired boy's.
 
''Look at me.'' Taehyung said in a heartbeat. When Jimin removed his hands from his wet face, he felt a shiver run through his body before the way the other looked at him. Deep eyes that reflected his soul, eyebrows contracted abruptly. ''I'm a fucking mess. No one deserves to be stuck to someone who's constantly depressed. I don't want to make you go through this nightmare and I can't give you want you deserve. I can't give you the happiness you deserve.''
 
''Stop- Please, don't say that.''
 
''I know you thought you could fix me, or save me. And for a moment, I thought so too." Taehyung pressed his lips tightly against each other. A sob sprouted inside his throat and he had to lower his head to hide the tears that were beginning to flood his eyes. ''But you can't. Because no one can fix something- someone that's broken. You can try to join the little pieces together, but it will never be the same again.''
 
Jimin's voice broke into a desperate, unremitting cry. Those words echoed in his mind and stabbed his heart like sharp knives. He just wanted to help Taehyung, be with him in the hardest times, be his support in the moments he was falling, wipe his tears when he felt his world crumble. But at that moment, he felt he couldn't do it. His body fell loosely in front of the other, his arms wrapping desperately around his body as he buried his face in Taehyung's neck.
 
"You have no idea of how hard it is for me to do this. But you deserve... so much better than this.''
 
''I hope- I hope you realize that, no matter how many times you try to push me away, I will never stop loving you.''
 
Taehyung felt the first tear plunge into his face as Jimin's grip became stronger. A tear so delicate, however it carried all the suffering he offered himself.
 
The small distance allowed Jimin to breathe in the familiar scent of Taehyung's skin - vanilla - and he felt he could melt at any moment.
 
No, he couldn't let Taehyung go.
 
Just a little more. Please. Let me take care of you. Words that Jimin couldn't pronounce.
 
 
 
''My mom passed away, Jimin.''
 
 
 
 
 



Chapter End Notes
Hi guys! Sorry for taking so long, once again.
First of all, I'm not trying to romanticize depression, at all. I'm not trying to make something awful look beautiful or appealing. I, myself, suffered with the issues i describe in this fic as well and this was just a way I found to let all my worries and thoughts out, which makes my work even more personal. Please, don't take this in a wrong way.
Thank you so much for all the people who have been following my work, y'all are the best!
As always, kudos & comments will be much appreciated.
Find me on twt & tumblr @/sovlmataes


Chapter 15
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jimin was still asleep when Taehyung left the dorm. He could still feel the other's body against his, fingers pressing desperately against his shoulders and back, and arms holding him tightly, as if he was afraid of losing him. And Taehyung knew that, inevitably, he was. He could still hear the quiet sobs that sprouted inside his throat, he could feel the warm tears that fell silently and plunged into his sweater, wetting it slightly. He could still smell the delicious vanilla scent of body lotion that dyed Jimin's blushed skin and offered him a certain familiar sense of nostalgia. Jimin didn’t utter a single word since Taehyung's heart finally opened, and let out what tormented him so much in the last days. That was the thing about Jimin, he didn’t ask. He didn’t insist. He simply stood and offered Taehyung the opportunity to choose, always knowing that regardless of his choice, the boy would always be there to support him. And that was something Taehyung really appreciated. The night before, he rocked Jimin in his arms. Too tired to be able to win the fight against sleep, the gray-haired boy eventually gave in, letting his head fall carefully against Taehyung's strong chest, the latter's hands sliding slowly along his back to offer him the comfort he was looking for. And there, in the silence and darkness of his dorm, Taehyung let the tears burn his eyes and cheeks, lips pressed hard against each other to prevent small sobs and whimpers from being heard. Jimin was there with him, but why did he still feel so unhappy? Why couldn’t the stupid thoughts just disappear? Why couldn’t things go well, just once? Only once. Taehyung looked one last time at the wooden door that separated him from the boy sleeping inside, before allowing a long sigh to leave his dry lips. Swallowing and trying to ignore the lack of air in his chest, he forced his body to hurry to the exit. Everything would be fine. Everything would be fine. Everything would be fine. Everything will be fine.         
Jiminie, hello. I'm not the best with words but I want you to know that I'm trying my best. Since the first time I kissed you, I knew that there was something about you that would make me weak. I guess that's the reason why I kept coming back for you, even if it was for the most stupid things. Remember that time I went to your dorm and told you about the ridiculous physics work? I really didn't give a fuck about it but, for some reason, I went there and made you do it with me. And remember that time I went to you with my face looking like a mess? I was so stressed that, somehow, I needed to see you. And then, you took care of me. Why did you take care of me? And why did you come for me when I was panicking alone, in my dorm? And why did you stay with me even when I treated you like shit? Even when I tried to push you away? I can't understand. I feel like I don't deserve any of that. I feel like the only thing I did was hurting you and bring you with me into this darkness I've been living in. 

And it hurts so much. 

But, despite that, you were actually a light in my life for some time. And then, you saw me, when no one else could. You made me believe that maybe... maybe I could be happy too. And that, maybe, someone could love me and I love someone back. Everytime you touched my face with those adorable fingers of yours, I would feel like the happiest man alive. And when you kissed me, everywhere, I would feel like dying. That's how overwhelming things with you are. That's how overwhelming loving you is. I'm so sorry for making you waste your time with me, when you deserve someone so much better. When you deserve someone who can see life in the same perspective as you and make you actually happy. When you deserve someone who can give something back. And... that's not me. 

Thank you so much for being my friend and staying with me when I kept pushing everyone way. Thank you for holding my hand when I wanted to give up. Thank you for kissing me when I was hurt. Thank you for saying my name in such a sweet way that makes my heart melt. Thank you for loving me when I couldn't even love myself.

But now, it's time to say goodbye. It's time to go away and take all the amazing memories with me. They always say that, if we love someone, we should let them go. I guess that's the thing about love, wanting the other to be happy? 

Everything will be ok, Jiminie. Please, keep being the amazing person you are and keep showing your smile because it's honestly the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
  
I will love you until my last breath,

 

Taehyungie x
    ''What?'' Jimin's hands trembled frantically around the sheet of paper they held, tears slipping desperately along his cheekbones, eventually disappearing down his chin. 
No. No, please no.
 His heart pounded like strong drums inside his chest, and Jimin thought it could just escape through his mouth at any moment. The fragile sheet slipped between his fingers, and his lips parted slightly. He wanted to scream but was betrayed by his own voice. Jimin didn’t know what to do. For a moment he felt lost, without strength. However, he quickly wiped his wet face with the back of his hand before eagerly picking up his  phone and dialing the Taehyung’s number, with some difficulty because of his trembling fingers. His body quickly rose from the sofa, phone pressed against the side of his face as his feet made quick, impatient steps on the wooden floor of the dorm. However, he felt his world fall by the time he realized that the other had his mobile turned off. ''Fuck, Taehyung,'' he murmured under his breath, before slamming the electronic device into the ground and running toward the exit. He ran, as fast as he could, while his gaze traveled for all the places where he passed. Jimin searched at the library, the bar, the dance room, the little garden, and all the possible places. However, no sign from Taehyung. With his heart too frantic and his breathing running over any logical thoughts he could have at that moment, Jimin felt his body give in, knees falling directly onto the stone pavement that covered the floor. His hands met his face to receive the new tears that began to roll, and drown his desperate cry. And Jimin asked inwardly, with all the faith he had and the faith he hadn’t, for a sign. Just a sign. Or just for Taehyung to be fine. And it was at that moment that Jungkook's familiar voice brought him back to reality and filled his heart with hope. "Jimin? Are you ok?" The concern was perfectly remarkable in his tone of voice. Jimin was quick to raise his face and look at the younger with crystal eyes. His hands tightly gripped the fabric of his shirt as he sniffled, before finally letting his hoarse crying voice be heard. ''Please. Please, tell me you know where Taehyung is. Please, Jungkook- I think he's going to do something stupid. I need- I have to find him.” desperate sobs broke his throat as he tried to make his voice clear enough. ''What? Why do you say that? What happened?" And it was then, too, that Jungkook felt the desolation take over his body, causing him to hold Jimin's hands carefully. ''Please- Please, do you know where he could be? I don't- I don’t know what to do.'' Jungkook looked at him briefly, his eyebrows drawn sharply, indicating that his mind was processing the information in the best possible way. Jimin could observe the way Jungkook's Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed and suddenly realization lit up the dark tone of his eyes. ''Have you tried at the beach, yet? That's his refuge!'' Jimin thought his eyes had never gotten that big. Fuck, of course, he was probably at the beach! How come he hasn’t thought about it before? He hadn’t realized that his knees were hurt until the moment he stood up and hugged Jungkook tightly against his own chest as he murmured a small 'thank you'. Taehyung was on the beach. He had to be. And he certainly was fine. Yes, Taehyung was probably just needing to get some air to organize his thoughts. There was no need to think about the worst. He was sure everything would be alright. 
At least, he hoped so.

          The light spring breeze caressed his brown hair - now slightly longer - which tickled his blushed face. The smell of the sea, mixed with the calm sound of the waves sinking into the sand, hugged his body carefully, almost like the comfort of a mother's arms. His hands caressed the hard material that constituted the cliff where he sat, the small stones rolling between his fingers. With his eyes closed, Taehyung took a deep breath, letting the fresh air fill his lungs. Despite his fear of heights, he felt strangely calm. This was the power the ocean had, which fascinated him in every possible way. There, Taehyung felt free, as if the wind carried him. There he felt serene, just like the sound that soothed his thoughts and fears. There, he felt in peace. He remembered when he was younger - he was about five, six years old - and he used to walk on the warm sand of the beach in the summer, holding his mother's hand tightly as he jumped amusingly and hummed one of his favorite children's songs. When they used to make huge sand castles on the wet floor that would eventually end up being carried by the waves. It was one of the things that had become a habit at the time, and for Taehyung that place brought him the most beautiful childhood memories. 
Could he go back in time.

 His hands pressed gently over the stone structure, causing his body to advance slightly and leaving his legs hanging and without any support. Everything could be so easy right now. I could easily end it, because everything was so fragile and simple like that. His heart squeezed slightly at the thought. He took a deep breath for the last time before putting pressure on his hands again. 
You can do it. Please, don’t be a coward. You just need to let go. Let go, let go, let go...

 ''Taehyung!'' And that was how the brown-haired boy's heart skipped a beat and fear suddenly overpowered his body. His eyebrows twitched and his lower lip was tortuously caught between his teeth. His fingers closed in strong fists and his breath was lost inside his throat. 
Why was Jimin there? He wasn’t supposed to be there, he wasn’t supposed to see Taehyung like that. I wasn’t supposed to see Taehyung being weak one more time. 


 

One last time.
 He swallowed hard and let his lips carefully be separated. ''Don’t get closer. Please, just... just go away.” He tried to pronounce his words in the calmest tone he could, but the nervousness and fear were perfectly remarkable in the way the words trembled in his vocal chords. ''Taehyung, please. Don’t do this. You don’t have to do this.'' Though he couldn’t see it, Taehyung knew that Jimin was crying, eyes probably too puffy and red. He could imagine the little pout that filled his lips at that moment. ''Please, let me help you.'' He took a deep breath and l revealed the hazel tone of his eyes, giving him the opportunity to observe the beautiful landscape that surrounded them. The ocean looked back at him. He felt like crying but quickly swallowed his own sobs, his legs swaying carefully. ''I don’t need help, Jimin.'' His words came out more bitter than he really intended. But, perhaps, it would be better that way. The steps Jimin made toward him were perfectly perceptible, but Taehyung could notice how careful he was walkin, trying not to scare him. ''Don’t come closer! Jimin, please, just get the fuck off! Please... please.'' This time, Taehyung screamed.  Taehyung clung to all the strength he had, but it wasn’t enough. It just wasn’t enough. The courage had disappeared, everything he had been waiting for was simply gone, and all this because Jimin was there. All this because he was nothing more than a weak. And then, he felt strong arms wrap around his waist, a chin resting carefully on his shoulder and a soft cry singing to his mind. ''I will never, ever, leave you.'' His voice broke with the hoarseness of crying. His hands were joined over Taehyung's belly, preventing him from pushing away or breaking the contact between the two of them. '’I see you, remember? I will always see you.'' ''Why are you making things so hard for me? Just let me go.” ''Because I fucking love you.'' And that was when the first tear gave way. “I'm so tired of everything! Please, I'm so fucking tired. I just want peace. I just want to end this fucking pain already!" Taehyung screamed in desperate sobs as he tried, at all costs, to let go of the other's grip. And then the second, third, and many more burned his face. Until he felt warm wet lips lay on the rosy skin of his neck, small kisses covering that area, while humming a calm and unfamiliar song. The simple, delicate nature of that act made Taehyung's breath gradually soften, the brownish iris of his eyes were hidden as his heavy, tired eyelids closed - releasing all the tears he was trying to hold. This is what being with Jimin was about. It was about feeling safe, feeling that you're not alone. Being with Jimin was all about feeling loved and forget about the bad things. Being with Jimin was all about feeling like you're at home. It's calm, it's familiar, it's cozy, it's comfortable. "I'm so sorry." Taehyung muttered under his breath as he let his head fall forward, his long bangs covering his eyes completely. “I'm really sorry.” Taehyung felt delicate fingers slide along the side of his arm, sliding up and down slowly, before they climbed over his shoulder and lost themselves between his brown strands, which were lovingly caressed. ''I can’t lose you, Tae. You really mean everything to me." Jimin said in a low, hurt tone. ''And you are wrong. You are so wrong when you think I deserve someone else. Someone bett-'' ''But you do.'' The brown-haired boy interrupted as he studied the very end of the cliff and the way the waves involved the rock. Letting go didn’t seem so great now. ''No. Because I want you and I want you for who you are. I want to take care of you and I want to help you because you're not okay. And this..." Jimin let his finger fly in the air, as if to reinforce what he was going to say next. ''... this isn’t the solution. You deserve to be happy, and I know I can help you with that.'' Taehyung was silent for a few seconds. 
Did he really deserve to be happy?
 Swallowing hard and letting a long sigh break his dry lips after, Taehyung forced Jimin's body to lie down on the stones, his own falling on top of the other. Back perfectly aligned with his chest. His fragile figure finally moved again, now giving him the chance to lie down next to the gray-haired boy and watch his flushed and wet face from the countless tears that were still rolling along his skin. Nose and reddish cheeks, eyes and swollen lips. Taehyung thought he himself wouldn’t look much better. "I'm so sorry," Taehyung repeated, beneath his breath. Jimin shook his head slowly from side to side before approaching the frail boy, letting his arms wrap around his delicate waist and hiding his face between the curvature of the boy's neck. ''It's okay, You can cry now, I won’t look at you.'' And just like that, Taehyung did.         When they returned to the campus, Taehyung was holding Jimin's hand tightly -fingers perfectly intertwined - and the darkness of the night enveloped their bodies. Jimin was careful with every word or action he performed, not wanting, in any way, to scare Taehyung, and always using the calmer and more delicate tone he could offer. They walked slowly to Taehyung's dorm, and as soon as both bodies met inside, Jimin asked the other to sit on the couch while he himself cleaned the amount of bottles and cigarette butts that covered the floor. From time to time, his gaze dared to peek discreetly at Taehyung, watching him play with his own hands in a frantic way and shaking his foot on the wooden floor in a sign of nervousness. When he finally finished, a little sigh dropped his lips and his body went to meet the other's. His fingers were delicate the moment they landed on Taehyung's soft face, while his mouth showed a faint smile. ''Do you have a big bag where you can put some clothes?'' Jimin asked in a quiet muttering, only to watch the confused expression that was painted on Taehyung's face. ''Just trust me.'' "Probably, in my wardrobe," Taehyung replied, perhaps reticently. Jimin nodded and quickly went to the small room, opening the wardrobe and looking for the suitcase, not taking long to find it and put a few pieces of clothing inside, as well as hygiene products that the boy might need for next days. Then he returned to the hall. Taehyung looked at him, however he didn’t utter a single word and took Jimin's hand, as he stretched it out for him to hold, and the two boys quickly left, heading for Jimin's dorm where the gray-haired boy had the opportunity to prepare a suitcase, too.      ''Where are we going?'' Taehyung dared to ask as they were both inside Jimin's car, the latter with his gaze focused on the road ahead. One hand on the steering wheel and the other hand holding Taehyung’s. ''Somewhere beautiful,'' Jimin replied with a small smile lighting his face. Taehyung raised his eyebrow slightly and watched the boy beside him for a few seconds before snuggling into the uncomfortable seat and leaning his head slightly against the window. His gaze focused on the huge dark blanket that covered the sky, the bright stars that illuminated it and the moon that seemed to smile at him. ''You can try to take a nap, we still have two hours left.'' Despite his silent nod, Taehyung remained awake throughout the whole trip. When they finally arrived at their destination, his curious gaze seemed to catch all the little details that showed up. Despite the darkness of the night, Taehyung was able to observe the ocean in the distance and a small house made of wood with beautiful flowering vines surrounding the exterior. Calmly, his body finally left the vehicle, following Jimin’s footsteps - who had already removed the bags and walked to the beautiful wooden door that separated them from the interior. "Why are we here?" Taehyung asked in a low tone as he brought both his hands to the comfort of the wide pockets of his coat. ''Whose house is this?'' "This is actually mine," Jimin replied, smiling. A small key was inserted into the lock, and before both could blink, the door was open. Jimin hurried to put the suitcases on the big bed that was placed in a corner. Taehyung remained quiet, still outside. ''C'mon, I'll explain everything to you.'' He blinked once, twice, three times, and finally came in, closing the door behind him and letting his iris go through the details that made up the little house. It had a small kitchen and a wooden table with two benches. A small television, a large wardrobe, shelfs with books and a nice desk. In a corner, a door that would probably lead to the bathroom. Numerous paintings filled the walls and a simple stone fireplace was in the middle, in front of a black sofa. Taehyung could only think about how comfortable he felt with all that simplicity that, after all, ended up being more than wonderful. “This is actually a gift from my grandparents, I was supposed to move here once I graduate college,” Taehyung watched the way Jimin let his body fall casually over the - seemingly - comfy bed and draw a smile on his plump lips. ''But I know they won’t mind if we stay here for some days too.'' Taehyung was silent for a few seconds before nodding and taking the seat next to the gray-haired boy. The bed was, in fact, quite cozy. Wetting his lips and looking away to his own hands, Taehyung sighed heavily. "Hey..." Jimin called, now in a whisper, before landing one of his warm hands on Taehyung's knee. The latter eventually noticed that the other's knees were hurt, which made him contract his eyebrows sharply. However, he didn’t comment on the matter. ''I brought you here because I thought it would be good to get away from your routine. This place is amazing to free your mind and just relax. Also, we can have a good time together.'' The brown-haired boy nibbled hard on his lower lip, his racing heart making his breath perfectly perceptible over the silence that settled in the next few seconds. Jimin was so nice. He was so fucking nice. Everything about him was perfect, comfortable, everything seemed so right. Everything about him screamed kindness, love, affection. And Taehyung just didn’t deserve any of that. ''And you know what's the best part about this house?'' Something in the tone of the other was evidence of his enthusiasm. His body was quickly lifted and, hurriedly taking off his shoes, he rested his feet on the bed covers and reached the skylight. With the lights off, the reflection of the moon illuminated the entire bed. Jimin laid  down on the comfortable mattress, looking at Taehyung as if asking him to do the same. The latter, quickly did. What his eyes observed was simply incredible. The countless stars that covered the black sky seemed to glow like never before and drew the most beautiful patterns. Taehyung felt like crying. "I really don’t deserve any of this," he said in a slight murmur. ''And I don’t t deserve you, either.'' Jimin moved slightly, making only the side of his body rest on the blankets, his hand holding the weight of his head. When Taehyung dared to look at him, big brown eyes were looking back at him. '’Don’t say that.'' It was the first thing his delicate voice pronounced. His fingers landed carefully on Taehyung's face, pulling away the strands of hair that covered his eyes slightly, only to trap them behind his ear. ''We deserve each other. We are so- we are amazing together, Tae.'' A pair of warm, wet lips resting on his forehead was enough for his eyelids to fall, almost automatically. ''And we will go through this together, too. I promise you.” Taehyung noticed the little sigh that left Jimin's lips the moment his hands rested on his waist, then his arms tightly holding him against his chest. A hug that not only reflected fear but also hope and comfort. ''I love you so ... much.'' ''I love you too, Tae.''         The first days were the hardest. Jimin couldn’t convince Taehyung to leave the house. He couldn’t convince him to eat properly or simply read a book or watch a bit  of tv. In the first nights, Taehyung would cry himself to sleep, head over Jimin's chest and arms tightening his body against his own. As always, Jimin wouldn’t utter a single word, merely sliding his fingers through the fragile boy's hair as a consolation. But it was hard. It was so fucking hard to see the other suffering and not being able to make him feel better, no matter how hard he tried. "The ocean seems amazing today," Jimin said in one of those mornings as Taehyung got up from bed, his body leaning over the small window and gaze focused on the enormous sea that some feet away. ''We should go and maybe play for a bit, like we used to-'' ''I'm really not in the mood, Jimin.'' Jimin would be lying if he said he wasn’t expecting that answer. However, a faint smile blossomed on his lips. He approached the boy calmly and let his arms surround Taehyung's neck, thus reducing the distance between the two bodies. ''Please, Tae. Just for a bit, it will be fun," he said quietly, joining his forehead to Taehyung's. Taehyung took a deep breath once. ''And then we can go back and make something delicious for us to eat.'' He sighed then, nibbling the inside of his lower lip. ''Okay. Okay, It sounds ... good.'' Jimin's lips grew in an incredible white smile that brightened his face before letting a small kiss on the boy's nose. ‘'Let's go then!''   Holding each other's hands, they both ran on the sand - which slightly burned their feet - to the magnificent ocean. When they dared to let their feet dip into the cold water, they both let out a small grunt. Jimin laughed then and that was the most adorable laugh Taehyung had ever heard. After much encouragement from Jimin, the two ended up letting their bodies bathe in the freezing water, and they both automatically searched for each other's warmth, Taehyung holding Jimin by the waist and the latter grabbing him by the neck. They played a little, throwing water at each other and steadily fleeing between the ocean and the sand, eventually falling on it and filling their bodies with the most random designs. And Taehyung, finally - finally - smiled. He grinned and smiled and laughed and softly melted Jimin's tight heart. It was good to be able to share moments like this again. It seemed that, for a moment, everything was fine. It seemed that, for a moment, everything had gone back to what it was before and this was simply the best feeling ever. Being able to see the beautiful colors of Taehyung's contagious laughter and seeing his face brighten again was something that Jimin had waited for a long time. And that was something he was willing to protect all the time.         “Jimin... Jimin- I can’t breathe! I feel like my chest- my throat is burning!" Jimin heard Taehyung scream as he came back home, carrying some grocery bags, which were quickly dropped on the floor. He ran toward the boy sitting on the bed, his hands wrapping around his neck tightly, as if trying to make the pain go away. And at that moment, Jimin deeply condemned himself for leaving Taehyung alone. ''Tae, it's okay. I'm here with you now, try to breathe slowly." Jimin said in a calm tone, but his heart was beating frantically with nervousness. Taehyung closed his eyes, letting the small tears that had formed roll down his pale cheeks. ''It hurts so much, Jimin! It just hurts so much!'' Taehyung was desperate, chest moving at a drastic speed as well as his breathing that touched Jimin’s face indelicately. Jimin carefully took one of his hands and interlaced their fingers. The free hand was slowly rested on the heaving chest of the taller boy, where he had the opportunity to leave small caresses. ''Please, look at me. You're not alone anymore. Let's breath together, slowly.'' And then, Taehyung let his eyes, red with tears and slightly darkened, meet Jimin’s sweet, friendly look. The latter breathed deeply, holding his breath for a few seconds before letting the air out of his lungs. Taehyung quickly followed him. The same gesture were executed countless times, Jimin counting beneath his breath, until Taehyung’s heartbeats became steady, making a sigh leave the gray haired boy’s lips in relief. ''I'm so sorry, Tae. I'm so sorry. I shouldn’t have left you here by yourself, I was so fucking careless. But you were sleeping so well, I just couldn't-'' And then, Jimin felt Taehyung's lips land on his. They didn’t move, however, his stomach contracted with the wonderful feeling that ran through his body, and with the beautiful colors that appeared in the back of his eyes. And he just felt as if his body melted under that simple gesture, his heart beating sweetly against his own chest. And he could have sworn he could hear Taehyung's too. "I can’t believe... I've ever thought about letting you go," Taehyung said almost in a sigh. "I'll always stay." Jimin started. ''As long as you need me, or want me, or love me, I'll always stay.''    
I'll always stay, because love is about staying, even when everything else tells you to go.
           “I was supposed to save her.” Taehyung confessed on one of those nights when they simply sat in front of the ocean and watched the waves dive into the sand. Arms wrapped around his legs - pulling them against his chest- and chin resting on his knees. ''I promised I would take my mom out of that house but... I coulnd't. And time was so... fucking unfair.'' Jimin looked at him, eyebrows contracted and sadness consuming the small glow that normally dominated his brownish iris. His hand rested on the boy's back, moving slowly along it. ''It's not really your fault. Please, don’t blame yourself for that.'' ''I was so busy thinking about myself that I forgot about everything else. And it hurts. I couldn’t even say goodbye or tell her that I love her.'' ''I'm sure she knows how much you love her, Tae. I know she's really proud of you too, because you've been through so much and you're still here, fighting. Also, you're an amazing person, and I know you were an amazing son as well.'' ''I just can’t help but blame myself.'' Jimin pressed his lips tightly against each other before moving carefully, only to let himself stay in front of Taehyung and sit on his lap, arms wrapped around his waist. ''Please, don’t. You did your best, baby. You need to think that now she's not in pain anymore and she's watching you. I bet she gets the biggest smile ever when she sees you having a good time. Just don’t think too much about it, okay? Everything will be okay, I promise you." Jimin flashed a small smile as he crossed his gaze directly with Taehyung's, gently stroking their noses. Taehyung chuckled slightly. ''She would love you.'' ''Why do you say that?'' ''Because I do, too.''        Taehyung chuckled dramatically, filling the place with his loud laughter. Jimin, on top of him, made his fingers reach strategic points on the other's belly. They looked like kids, in fact. Laughing and tingling each other like there was no tomorrow, until they both fell out of bed. But the laughter only seemed to become more intense and more frequent. Jimin's belly ached, and small tears of joy flowed in the corners of his eyes, which had come together in perfect straight lines. ''We're so stupid.'' Taehyung finally admitted between small laughs as he shook his head from side to side. He took a deep breath, held a pillow from the floor and threw it against Jimin's face, only to burst into laughing again. And, as expected, Taehyung received the other’s revenge, too. There was something really genuine about moments like this one. It was like going back to your childhood and just enjoy the little things it provided you. It was like living innocently and the fullest, without any worries. Without fears, or pain. It was pure joy, pure happiness. And they woulnd't change a thing about it. With gasping breaths filling the space now, they stood quiet - still on the floor - and staring at the ceiling as if it was the most interesting thing ever. Jimin's hand slid slowly over the wooden floor, fingers trailing until they found Taehyung's. The hazel-eyed boy stared at him before intertwining their fingers in a perfect union. ''I was wrong, you know,'' Taehyung began by murmuring, before moving his body slightly so that he could get close to the other. ''Some things really do can be fixed.'' Jimin raised his eyebrows, mirroring a slight surprise at this sudden matter. ''It's like a broken toy, you know? A small car, for exemple. You break its wheels but, if you put new ones, it's like it's new again. I guess my heart is like a toy car and you just got it some new wheels, too.''To anyone else, it might seem completely absurd. A toy car? What a joke. But to Jimin, those had been some of the most beautiful and genuine words he'd ever heard. The way Taehyung saw the world and everything around him was simply fascinating. And so, Jimin was quick to lean over Taehyung, not missing the opportunity to join their mouths in a calm and passionate kiss. Lips that moved slowly as Jimin brought his available hand to the taller boy’s face, offering his blushed skin some caresses. He felt like a stupid teenager having his first kiss. It was the euphoria of the moment. However, the kiss quickly became more intense. Tongues that dared to get involved and teeth that clashed in a messy way. Hands that now ventured into each other's bodies, as if it was the first time. Hasty breaths getting mixed and becoming only one. Jimin felt long fingers invade the inside of his shirt, exploring his burning skin and offering him the sweet touch of Taehyung’s hands. Jimin felt all his thoughts leave his mind, feeling the desire dominate not only his body, but also his rational side. But with the only piece of control he still had, Jimin managed to separate their thirsty mouths for a few seconds. ''Tae, it’s okay if you’re not read-'' ''Fuck, no. I'm okay, I'm ready. I missed you so fucking much." Taehyung said breathlessly. Lips bright and pink from Jimin's mouth, eyes partially opened and darkened that offered him a small taste of the desire he, too, was feeling. ''I want you so much, Jimin.'' Jimin’s lips were parted by a soft whimper, that sprouted inside his throat and echoed through the walls. His heart was so frantic that he thought Taehyung could hear it. Jimin swallowed and dared to hold Taehyung by the neck, only to fit his body perfectly over the other’s, legs tied around his waist. His wet lips - now completely apart - pressed gently over the well-defined line of his jaw, his eyes filled with desire and passion landed on the hazel tone that dominated Taehyung's iris as he forced his body to move, hips rubbing slowly and tortuously. Jimin couldn’t help but smile before the hoarse, rough moan that sprouted inside the brown haired boy’s throat. ''If you want me,'' Jimin whispered, now against his ear '',then have me.'' And Taehyung did. With countless and tortuous, desperate kisses that marked each other's bodies with a faint reddish tone, clothes that were taken off and thrown to the floor, groans, whimpers, noises of pleasure when Taehyung finally let the heat of his mouth envelop Jimin where he needed the most and offered him the most breathtaking and overwhelming wave of pleasure. The way Jimin squirmed as Taehyung uttered in the most lush and dangerous tone, all the dirty things he wanted to do to him. Fingers that were abruptly pressed against his shoulders and back, even leaving his impression on his skin covered with the smallest drops of sweat. The way Taehyung looked at Jimin as he moved inside him on that same floor, gasps and breaths that drowned out the surrounding air.  “Fuck, Jimin. You fucking drive me crazy.” “Please, Tae. Harder. Do it like you mean it...”  The intense surge of pleasure that consumed them the moment they both moaned each other's name and reached their magnificent orgasm. That moment was just perfect. Jimin was happy, and he hoped Taehyung was too. ''Fuck.'' Taehyung murmured, panting, as he wiped away the sweat that laid on the top of his forehead. Wetting his lips slightly, he laid down beside Jimin. The floor wasn’t the most comfortable structure ever, but it seemed perfect at the time. ''I'm so lucky for having you.'' Taehyung couldn’t tell whether the red tone filling Jimin's cheekbones was merely due to the warm moment they had just shared, or if he had also blushed. Either way, he was simply gorgeous. Jimin left a small kiss on Taehyung's bare belly before resting his head gently on his chest, closing his eyes. ''I'm the lucky one here, Tae.'' ''You know, spending these days with you made me realise that I already have everything I need to be happy. I have you and, hopefully, I'll have my friendship with Jungkook back. And Yoongi too. What else could I wish for?'' Jimin lifted his head slightly so he could look at Taehyung again. An adorable smile brightened his face. ''I'm really happy to know that. You deserve to be happy and I hope you can finally find your way.'' Jimin's words were welcoming, and they also offered a familiar smile to his lips. ''You know,'' the change in his tone of voice was perfectly remarkable. ''I know it has nothing to do with me but... I don’t know, why don’t t you try to talk to your dad and even forgive him? Now, with everything that happened, he's your only family.'' Jimin regretted mentioning such a subject right when Taehyung's eyebrows contracted and his face lost its initial glow. He really wished he hadn’t ruined the moment. ''He doesn’t deserve my forgiveness, Jimin.'' His voice was cold, showing some pain in the way the words were uttered. "I've never told you, but the fact that he cheated on my mom isn’t the only reason why I hate him." And again, he swallowed and tortured his lower lip between his teeth before continuing. ''He found out I liked boys too, so he just started treating myself like shit. He would hit me on my face. And it hurt, it hurt like fuck, Jimin. That's why I was scared everytime you tried to touch me. Because I'd see that fucking monster in you every single time.'' ''Tae... I'm so sorry. I really didn’t know-‘' ''He was my fucking hero, you know? I wanted to be like him, I wanted to follow his path too. And then he became someone I can’t even look at. Someone who fills my chest with anger, not only against him, but against myself too. Because... he made me so fucking weak.'' This was the first time Taehyung had opened up so much about his father. Jimin was relieved to know that the boy was letting a weight leave his shoulders, but on the other hand, it was extremely painful to know that he had kept this pain for so long and it was still something that affected his life now. Jimin gently kissed Taehyung's face once, twice, three times. Then he did it again. Small kisses that replaced the most diverse words of comfort. ''You're the strongest person I've ever known. And you know what? Fuck him. Fuck him and everything he did to you. You're so fucking special, you deserve nothing but the best. So fuck him. You have a whole life waiting for you, you have people who care about you, and that's what matters now.'' Taehyung looked at him, eyebrows raised and a smile growing on his lips. ''Fuck, I'm really crazy about you. You know that?” Jimin simply smiled back at him.       When they returned to the campus, Jungkook and Yoongi were waiting for them by the dorm building. Jungkook was the first to move, long and fast steps were taken toward Taehyung, and strong arms quickly enveloped his body. Nostalgia was the feeling that prevailed at that moment. The sweet scent of Jungkook's body lotion was perfectly remarkable, giving him a small smile as he, too, let his arms tighten the other's body against his own. They remained silent for a few seconds, letting themselves be held by the familiarity and comfort that seemed to have been lost in the past. ''Hyung, you scared me so much. Please, don’t ever do that again. I really missed you a lot." Jungkook confessed, and Taehyung could swear that, by his tone of voice, he was probably about to cry. But he didn’t. ''I missed you too, Jungkook. And I'm really sorry for everything." Taehyung murmured softly as he walked away so he could watch the younger one closely. Both smiled at the same time, Jungkook's lovely smile offering her an extra sense of happiness. “Thank you so much, Jimin. For taking care of him.” Jimin simply nodded and kindly smiled at him. Then it was Yoongi's turn, who greeted him with a small punch on the shoulder and a "Don’t ever scare me like that again, you idiot." And then came the strong hug. There was something about this gesture that made Taehyung's stomach contract with overwhelming feelings of caring and concern. Yoongi really had a big heart. ''It's really good to have you back, Taehyung.'' ''It's good to be back, hyung.''       And like that, things began to get better in Taehyung’s life. He spent most of his days in the company of Jimin and his friends, Hoseok, Namjoon and Seokjin, who, interestingly, also got along perfectly with Jungkook and Yoongi. Suddenly, all the bad thoughts had been replaced by incredible memories and unforgettable moments. Namjoon let him work at the library with Jimin, not getting tired of saying the typical ''don’t make out against my books, for fuck sake'' everytime he had to leave the two of them alone. They would smile and nod, but by the time Namjoon stepped outside the door, they couldn’t control themselves. They were young, they were in love, they should ,at least, make the best of it. Taehyung also discovered that whatever was going on between Yoongi and Jungkook turned out to be more serious than he thought, the moment the two showed up holding each other's hands, and when Jungkook kissed Yoongi in front of everyone, making their - especially Taehyung’s - jaw drop. He was happy for them though. Taehyung knew that Yoongi had been crazy for Jungkook for months, it was a matter of time until it happened. Both of them deserved to be happy, after all. He was happy, he was really happy. He had friends who genuinely cared for him and offered him incredible moments whenever they came together. He had the most incredible boyfriend he could ever wish for, and whom, every day, he learned to love more. He was happy, he was finally happy.                 "What the fuck are you guys doing?!" Namjoon said, loud pitch and irritation perfectly presented in his voice. Jimin couldn’t contain the loud laughter that echoed in the library as he moved his mouth away from Taehyung’s, who still held his waist to keep their bodies together. Taehyung ended up laughing, too. ''Oh my god, that's one of the most valuable copies of Hamlet! How dare you treat my books like this?" Namjoon said, scandalized, as he quickly picked up the books that had fallen on the floor during the warm make-out session of the younger ones. ''And this is a fucking Birds of America, one of the only 119 copies out there! Do you have any idea of how much this costs?!'' "Do you have any idea of what the fuck he's talking about?" Taehyung murmured amusingly against Jimin's ear, only to get a small chuckle back. ''I don’t care, let's just get out of here.''                           



Chapter End Notes
Hi guys! Finally, here’s the last chapter! Once again, I want to remind you that I’m not trying to romanticize depression or suicide, at all. Remember, if you’re going through any of these, don’t be afraid of looking for help. Everything will be ok! Thank you so much for all the positive reviews and the support you guys gave to until my last breath. Y’all are really the best! Please, look forward to my next work as well!  As always, kudos & comments will be much appreciated. If you have any questions about this fic or my future work, you can find me on twt or tumblr @/sovlmataes!!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



