



up all night - jonghyunslisterine - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

up all night
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/7942045.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster
Additional Tags:
Comedy, haunted hotel au, a ghost - Freeform
Stats:

        Published: 2016-09-03
        Words: 5196
      

up all night
by jonghyunslisterine
Summary
In which Jung Hoseok and Min Yoongi become accidental next-door neighbors at a very haunted bed and breakfast. Cue blow-dryer weaponry, some rather unhelpful supernatural investigators, and misquoted Moby Dick.
Notes
happy happy happy birthday to my love amo ♡ ♡ ♡ i'm very sorry this is late but i hope you have a year full of happiness and everything you could ever wish for, plus a healthy dose of destruction from your kpop favs (jjk just keeps getting stronger, good luck). you mean the world to me bby!anyway i hope you like this ♡

          See the end of the work for more notes




up all night

Yoongi shrugs his backpack more securely on his shoulders, lugging his small green suitcase behind him. If he's being honest, the bed and breakfast doesn't look that nice from the outside. It isn't awful by any means; flowers adorn the windowsill, a cute welcome mat sits in front of the door. But the paint's chipping and there are cracks in the foundation and mostly it just looks old and worn out, which is how Yoongi feels after the bus ride there. Frequent stops and a bus change after the tire burst turned the four hour drive from Seoul to Busan into seven.With a world-weary sigh, he wheels his suitcase to the front door and tugs it open. The bell above the door jingles. He steps into a small lounge; the wooden walls inside are cracking, too, a water stain on the ceiling above the welcome desk. That's what they get for finding a cheap and mildly suspicious deal online. Too bad he has to deal with it alone, now. He passes a few floral armchairs around a rickety coffee table and stops at the front desk. He's only waiting for a moment before an older man emerges from the office, grinning at him."Welcome! You're Room 13, right?"Yoongi nods, removing the crinkled piece of paper he'd printed out the reservation details on. "Yeah, that's me.""You switched from a double to a single?""My friend cancelled last minute.""Right this way."He follows the man from the lobby past the dining area, a cozy place with numerous wooden tables and sitting areas. Old paintings hang on the walls (probably to cover more water stains, he thinks bitterly).As they pass the dining area, the man says, "That's where you'll come for breakfast, served from 8 to 11. If you're late, there's no breakfast."The common area connected to the dining area is completely empty. "Is the hotel low on visitors today?"The man clears his throat, glancing away. "Bad weekend for trips. It's supposed to rain."It's not. Yoongi checked the weather three times before coming.He takes Yoongi down a long hallway to a dark wooden door with the small golden plaque labelled "Room 13" on it. He's unlocking it and explaining to Yoongi that if he loses the key it's an extra charge when the neighboring door opens and a head pops out. The guy's smiling, tousled brown hair, chiseled jawline, the kind of smile that makes Yoongi's knees a little weak."Could I get an extra towel, please?" he asks.The owner nods. "Be right there."Yoongi expects the guy to close the door and go back to his business, but he stays hovering there, insufferably pretty smile fixed on Yoongi. "Hi, neighbor.""Hey." Yoongi shuffles his feet awkwardly, throwing a wave his way.A rather loud thump comes from somewhere above them. The guy jumps. "What was that?""Huh? Uh, I'll go see," the owner says, opening Yoongi's door. "There's Wi-Fi and a TV. Towels and toiletries in the bathroom. Tell me if you need anything." He hands Yoongi the key and strides quickly away.Yoongi drags his suitcase inside the room with a half-hearted nod to his neighbor. The room's small, a double bed across a TV stand and a little window with frilly curtains. Outdated floral wallpaper covers the walls, and unsurprisingly, there are more water stains on the ceiling.At least there's a microwave, tucked onto a table in the corner. With a sigh, he tosses his backpack on the bed. He face-plants after it, sandaled foot knocking into the side table. Something clatters to the floor. Squeezing his eyes shut, he counts to three, takes a deep breath, then sits back up because that clattering very well may have been his cellphone.A flap of wood hangs loose from the bottom of the table. On the floor lies a jeweled binyeo. Yoongi glances between the secret compartment and the old-fashioned hair stick with the disbelief of someone running on far too little sleep and no differentiation between reality and imagination. Once he’s convinced himself this isn’t a sleep-deprived hallucination, he examines the binyeo with careful fingers. The stick is gold, the curved end engraved with colorful floral designs.  A knock on the door interrupts his interest. He places the binyeo on his table and gets up to answer. It's the guy from next door, grinning a little sheepishly, rubbing the back of his head."Uh, hi again," he says. Now that Yoongi can see him from head-to-toe, he's even more enamored. He’s gorgeous, smooth skin and cut figure, legs on display in his tight jeans, a few buttons of his white shirt undone to show a sliver of chest. "This is kind of weird, but do you have any plastic bags? I brought way too much ramen, and I don't want to leave it in my suitcase."Yoongi turns to his own suitcase, unzipping it and removing a store of plastic bags he'd brought just in case."Thanks. I'm Hoseok, by the way. 22. Here for two nights.""Yoongi," he offers hesitantly. "Call me hyung.""Nice to meet you, hyung. Did you come all alone?""My friend bailed. He forgot to do an assignment for university." Kihyun had called him three days ago in a panic because he realized his end-of-the-year thesis was due and he only had three pages written. They'd reserved the rooms only a week ago after finding a particularly cheap deal online; it was supposed to be a stress-free weekend at the beach, which they both needed desperately."So did mine. She got sick.""Your girlfriend?" Yoongi blurts without thinking. He has to restrain himself from clapping a hand over his mouth in regret.The corner of Hoseok's mouth turns up in an almost knowing smirk. "Just a friend.""Right." He clears his throat. "Uh, anyway. Nice meeting you. I'm gonna get to bed." He isn't entirely lying; it's late, and he just spent seven hours on the bus."See you at breakfast, hyung." To Yoongi's irritation, the smirk doesn't fade as Hoseok waves and backs away, one hand in his pocket."Yeah." Yoongi closes the door between them, face aflame.This time he really does fling himself onto the bed. He had entirely intended on sleeping but ends up tucked under the covers with his laptop resting on his stomach, scrolling mindlessly through Twitter. Far too late into the night, a thump comes from the wall behind his head, startling him into nearly jerking his headphones off. It's followed by a low moan. Yoongi flushes. The absolute last thing he wants to do is sit around listening to Hoseok getting off. He turns his laptop volume up.Ten minutes later, there's another thump, louder this time.       "What the fuck," Yoongi mutters, turning around to glare at the wall separating his room from Hoseok's, as if the force of his irritation can travel.His eyes are drifting shut when the third thump comes, too close for comfort. The phonebook on his side table falls off. He doesn’t bother picking it up, glaring at it for a moment before turning his laptop off and putting it away, burrowing further into the covers. Another moan; it’s so close it might as well have been right by his ear. It doesn’t really sound like a pleasured, getting-off kind of moan. If he’s being honest, it sounds kind of fucking creepy. Yoongi puts his pillow over his head.The sound of long fingernails scraping against the wall between their rooms finally breaks him. He flings his covers aside, marching to the door with a purpose. Cute or not, sunshine smile be damned, Hoseok’s about to get his ass whooped.He bumps right into Hoseok coming out of his own room. They pause in the middle of the hall, staring at each other.“Hey, can you keep it down?” Hoseok says, rubbing his cheek. His hair is standing up, eyes swollen like he was already asleep. “I’m trying to sleep.”Yoongi bristles. “Can I keep it down? You’re the one thumping around.”“You’re the one moaning.”“I wasn’t moaning! You were thumping and moaning and scratching the walls—”“Nope, that was definitely you.” Hoseok crosses his arms, jaw set stubbornly.“I’ve literally been lying in bed on Twitter for, like, the past two hours.”“I’ve been sleeping.”They glare at each other for another moment before Yoongi finally breaks. “Well, if it wasn’t you and it wasn’t me, then who the fuck is making all that noise?”Hoseok’s eyes widen perceptibly. “Holy fuck, this place is haunted.”Yoongi snorts. "As if. It's probably one of the rooms above us.""There's no one else staying here except us. I asked.""You're kidding.""Nope. Not one person."Yoongi wraps his hoodie tighter around himself, throwing a surreptitious glance about the dark hallway. A few dim lamps sit on mahogany tables down the hall, but other than that, it's just them and dancing shadows. This is what he gets for finding cheap, sketchy deals online. He's going to kill Kihyun for ditching him. "Whatever. I'm going back to sleep."He turns around and shuffles back toward his room. One step inside, he realizes Hoseok's on his heels, close enough he can feel the heat of his body. "What are you doing?" he mutters, glancing behind him. Hoseok is even more ridiculously attractive close up."You can't leave me alone if there's a ghost around.""There's no fucking ghost—""Being alone is what gets everyone killed in the horror movies. We gotta stick together.""This is an invasion of privacy," Yoongi complains as Hoseok follows him all the way into the room, kicking the door shut behind him."It's survival.""Don't be so damn dramatic." He tucks his sweatshirt sleeves around his fingers. The room has grown colder. A cursory check of the thermostat shows a drastically lowered temperature, even though he can't remember touching it.Hoseok sits in the old armchair in the corner of Yoongi's room. He looks nervous, glancing around him every few seconds as if he really does believe in ghosts. "So, uh, how long are you here for?"It's clear he's just trying to take his mind off the potential "ghost" that might be haunting them. He looks so tense it makes Yoongi feel bad, so he sits on the bed across from him and says, "Just the weekend. Where are you from?""Gwangju, but I study in Seoul. Let me guess—you're from Daegu?""I study in Seoul, too.""You know, one of my good friends is from—”The doorknob of Yoongi's bathroom turns, like someone's pulling it with an invisible string, and the door creaks open at an agonizingly slow pace. Yoongi freezes, gaping at the now-open bathroom, but Hoseok shrieks. In one smooth bound he leaps from the armchair to the bed, clinging to Yoongi's arm."I told you it was a fucking ghost.""Calm down. It was just an accident. This place is old, probably has a faulty foundation that leads to doors opening all the time." But even as he says it, he knows he doesn't quite believe himself."But the knob spun, hyung." Hoseok's warm, and his breath tickles Yoongi's cheek. He looks pointedly at the door, knowing that if he turns back to Hoseok their faces will be far too close. Thinking about Hoseok’s proximity, however, is a little easier than thinking about a would-be ghost. His parents are terribly superstitious, but Yoongi has never really believed in ghosts.  "It's probably loose.""It's not loose. It turned.""Listen, there's no such thing as—”The landscape painting hanging on the wall by the window falls, crashing to the ground with a crack. This time Yoongi jumps, too, even if he denies it. Hoseok yells, curling closer to his side until Yoongi can't help but be vaguely grateful for whatever odd situation they have found themselves in."That's a ghost, that's definitely a ghost," Hoseok babbles, jumping to his feet and dragging Yoongi along behind him."Where are you going?" Yoongi exclaims, exasperated, but he’s looking around just as nervously.  "I don't know, but we can't stay in this room. In the horror movies they always follow the noises and end up dead."He stops by the bathroom, digging around in the cabinets. "What are you looking for?""A weapon.""Ghosts are dead. What are you gonna do with a weapon?""I dunno, but it's better than not trying." Hoseok's head emerges from inside a cabinet holding, rather triumphantly, a battery-operated blow-dryer. Then he pulls Yoongi out the door and back into the dark hallway, which is monumentally less appealing than his room. If anyone's going to die at the hands of a vengeful ghost tonight, it'll probably be in a hallway. But Hoseok's hands on Yoongi's arm are shaking, and if he's being honest, Yoongi's kind of fucking creeped out, too."Come on. Let's find the manager.""Okay." Hoseok calms a little at the suggestion. This time, he’s the one who follows Yoongi down the hall obediently.They're halfway to his office in the lobby when the lights shut off—every dim lamp, every ceiling light piece, even the glowing blue backlighting for the dining hall counter. Hoseok shrieks, louder than before, clutching onto Yoongi so tight he loses all feeling in his arm."We're gonna die, we're gonna die, we're gonna die—""Shh," Yoongi hisses.The voice is muffled, distant, almost distorted. First it's high, floating through the hall, then pitched lower. He can't make out the words. It sounds agonized, like it's singing a sad song or crying out in pain. Hoseok's fingers tremble, and this time Yoongi's do, too."Shh," he says, gentler this time. He feels around for Hoseok, running soothing hands over his hair and pulling him close.The lights come back on. Yoongi finds himself mere inches from Hoseok's face, his terrified eyes locked on his own."We gotta get out of here," Hoseok says."Where the hell are we supposed to go? Buses aren't running anymore.""We can walk.""Walk where? I don't know shit about Busan.""Well, we can't just stay here.""We have to find the manager and figure out what's going on," Yoongi says decidedly, pulling Hoseok along after him. It's probably not the best time to be thinking about how Hoseok's hand feels in his, slender and smooth. "Maybe it's a prank."Hoseok scoffs, but he doesn't pull away. The manager's bedroom connects to his office off to the side of the lobby. They knock on the office door, first. It creaks open, the room dark and empty, neat desk and empty bookshelves."He's not here," Hoseok says, tugging on Yoongi's hand."He's probably sleeping." Yoongi steps into the office despite Hoseok's whispered protests. Nothing out of the ordinary happens. He knocks on the bedroom door—once, twice, three times, to no answer."Out," comes the hissed whisper from behind them. They spin around to a flash of white and dark, stringy hair, floating well above the ground.Hoseok shrieks and turns on the blow-dryer, waving it in front of him blindly. He trips in his haste to back away, taking Yoongi down with him. They fall in a bundle of limbs and knocking elbows, the blow-dryer still puffing hot air on the ground by Hoseok's hand. Whatever was there is now gone. Yoongi looks at Hoseok, sprawled on his back, gaping, and then at the blow-dryer, small with a flowery logo on the side.Then he bursts into laughter.He laughs so hard his sides hurt, smacking the ground with his palm, wheezing for breath. "Did you—fucking—see your face?""Did you see the ghost?" Hoseok shoots back, but the longer Yoongi laughs, the less scared Hoseok looks. Yoongi can’t tell if it’s one of those hysterical moments where he’s so frightened he can’t do anything but laugh, or if the situation really is as funny as it seems."You were really about to use a goddamn blow-dryer to fight off a ghost—”"At least I wasn't just standing there like your useless ass—”There's a chuckle from the distance. They both freeze—until Yoongi starts laughing again. "Even the ghost’s laughing at you."Hoseok's looking scared again, sitting up and scooting closer to Yoongi. "Try the door again."Yoongi knocks one more time, then fiddles with the doorknob. It's not locked. When he opens the door, he finds that the manager's bedroom is empty. The bed is made, the dresser is clean, like no one lives there at all. "He's not here.""That's fucking weird.""Maybe he's just taking a round of the place to make sure nothing's wrong."They stand there, staring at each other. For the millionth time that day, Yoongi wonders what kind of mess he's gotten himself into."A medium," Hoseok says suddenly. "We can call a medium.""A what?""You know. Those ghost experts."Yoongi's still trying to mentally catch up by the time Hoseok heads out the door and through the lobby. He hurries to reach him. They’re almost to their rooms when something cold touches Yoongi’s back, sending shivers up his spine and his heartbeat racing. He reacts without thinking, grabbing Hoseok and pushing him against the wall, pressing close as the brush of cold passes by. When he chances a glance behind him, he sees a flutter of white turn the corner. If possible his heartbeat races even faster, goosebumps erupting on his skin. He’s never believed in ghosts, but there’s nothing he can do to explain this away.“Holy fuck,” Hoseok says.                                                                                                                                        Yoongi turns to him and realizes that he’s got Hoseok against the wall with his hands on either side of him, faces inches from each other. He flushes and jumps back. “So, uh, the medium.”“Right.” Hoseok marches back to his room, where he heads straight for his cellphone, tossed carelessly on the bed."Aren't those people all fakes, though?” Yoongi says rather skeptically, sitting next to him on the bed with a sigh.Hoseok looks scandalized. "Of course not." He's searching something on his phone. “Okay, here’s someone kind of close. V and Min Supernatural Investigators.”Yoongi shrugs. Hoseok dials, glancing nervously around him as the phone rings on speaker. The call connects, and what they hear on the other side is not in the slightest bit reassuring. High-pitched shrieking filters through the call, mixed with the sounds of thumping and breaking glass.“V and Min Supernatural Investigators at your service,” says the surprisingly calm voice on the other end. “V speaking. What can I do for you?”“We’re staying in a bed and breakfast and there’s a ghost going around and turning lights off and dropping things and the manager’s disappeared—”Another voice, muffled by distance, shouts, “It’s coming for my dick, it’s coming for my dick—”V yells back, “Use the goddamn holy water, Jimin!” His shout morphs into the same calm, collected voice as before as he says, “I’ll have to call you back. We’re kind of the middle of something. Thanks!”He hangs up. They’re left looking at the cellphone in Hoseok’s hand, dial tone ringing ominously.“Call a medium, huh,” Yoongi mutters.“It’s fine. We can just try someone else. Look, there’s another number here. Kim Seokjin, the finest medium in all of Busan,” he reads from the website with its black background and drippy green font.“Sounds so promising.”“Do you have any better ideas?”Yoongi huffs.Kim Seokjin picks up after one ring. “Kim Seokjin, how can I help you?”“We’re spending the night in a bed and breakfast, and there’s a ghost haunting us.”“A bed and breakfast? The one owned by the Moon family? Acquired in 1978? On the corner between the convenience store and the meat restaurant?”“Yeah, that one.”Kim Seokjin hangs up.“You’ve gotta be kidding me,” Yoongi groans, falling back onto the bed. A thump on the ceiling is so loud it sends dust floating into the air. He sits back up, scooting towards Hoseok unintentionally.“Why’d he hang up?” Hoseok sounds even more distressed than before. “I’m calling someone else.” He jams the next number in almost frantically.“Kim Namjoon speaking.” This voice, as it should be, comes groggy and tired like he’s just woken up.“Are you a medium? Can you deal with ghosts?” Hoseok asks, clearly trying to be a little subtler this time.“That’s my job. What kind of haunting are we talking about?”“We’ve seen the ghost, white hanbok and black hair. It’s turned the lights off, thumped on walls, moaned, and told us to get out.”“Classic haunting.” He sighs, sounding slightly less tired than before. “Can you give me your location?”“The bed and breakfast between—”“—between the convenience store and the restaurant? Why the hell are you staying there?”“We got good deals,” Yoongi throws in, rather confused. “What do you mean why the hell are we staying here?”“That place is notorious. No one around here goes within ten feet of it. Everyone knows it’s haunted.”“We’re not from around here,” Hoseok says.“So can you help us or not?” Yoongi snaps.“Nope. I don’t fuck with that place. But I know a guy who can. He only takes special cases, the real crazy stuff, and he’s the best around. He sets the gold standard for mediums everywhere, honestly.” He rattles off a phone number that Yoongi dials into his own phone. “His name’s Jungkook. Call him and tell him RM sent you.”“Got it, thanks.” Yoongi’s already ringing Jungkook by the time Hoseok hangs up.“How’d you get this number?” The first thing Jungkook says isn’t exactly promising. Hoseok glances at Yoongi with an anxious twist to his mouth.“RM sent us?” Yoongi says it like a question. This whole thing still seems like something out of a bullshit movie, and he’s not exactly sure how to handle it.“Oh, okay.” His voice changes to marginally less threatening. “What do you need?”For the fourth time that day, they explain the details of their night. Jungkook is silent long enough that Yoongi resigns himself to another rejection. He’s already playing out the rest of the night in his head—Hoseok shrieking, fluttering white turning the corner, lights flickering on and off. The tension of it might just kill him before dawn.Finally, Jungkook speaks, his voice trembling with restrained emotion. “I’ve been trying to get rid of that ghost for years.”“You what?”“Are you serious?”A moan sounds through the wall, low and frightening. Hoseok squeaks, fumbling his phone.“I’ve stayed in that bed and breakfast three times, and I’ve failed every time. It’s the only ghost I’ve never managed to defeat. The manager doesn’t let me back anymore. Says I’m wasting his time.”“Well, the manager is mysteriously missing.”“That bastard. He probably dipped so you wouldn’t come at him for not warning you about the ghost.”“So can you help us?”“Help you? Help you?” Jungkook laughs rather maniacally. “I’ll chase that white hanbok-wearing ghost on both sides of land, and over all sides of earth, till it spouts black blood and rolls fin out—”Hoseok leans over to Yoongi’s ear and mutters, “Is he quoting Moby Dick?”“—I will have my revenge against that accursed white ghost—”Another low moan. Yoongi shudders. “Dude, are you coming or not?”“I’ll be there in fifteen minutes,” Jungkook says, then promptly hangs up.They spend the fifteen minutes clutching each other with vague, distant ghost noises keeping them company. “What if this is how we die?” Hoseok whispers at some point.“We’re not going to die, Seok-ah,” Yoongi murmurs back. He’s not entirely sure it’s true.Jungkook comes in guns blazing—almost literally. They hear him marching down the hall before they see him, and the purpose in his heavy steps is comforting. They run out to meet him. In both hands he clutches odd machines that look a little like leaf-blowers, one blue and one glowing green. He looks far too young to be a renowned medium. In fact, he looks like he’s barely out of high school.“Where is it?” he growls. “It’s not getting away from me today.”“What the hell are those things?” Yoongi bursts, eyeing the leaf-blowers with trepidation.“Anti-ghost siphoning machines,” Jungkook says like it’s obvious. “I invented them. That’s why I’m the best.”“Huh.”“What have you done so far?”They stare at him blankly.“To fight it off. What have you done?”“I tried blowing it away with a blowdryer,” Hoseok supplies.“Always a good tactic.” Jungkook nods very seriously. Yoongi wants to sink into a hole. There’s no way this kid is the best medium around. “I’ve gotten rid of plenty of ghosts with vacuums before.”“So what’s the plan? How are we getting this one?”“I’ve tried tearing its essence free from this house before, but no luck. The house used to belong to a very wealthy family before they died off and the property was turned into a hotel. I suspect the ghost is a daughter of the family who succumbed to disease when she was a teenager.”“So it’s a she?”“Well, the spirit of a dead person is essentially genderless even if it takes the form of a woman in hanbok, but I suppose technically since it’s the spirit of a dead female it would be—”“Hey,” Yoongi interrupts. “What if the ghost is attached to an object, not the house?”They both turn to him, eyes wide.Yoongi shrugs, scuffing his toes against the ground. “I mean, isn’t that what always happens in the horror movies?”Jungkook looks flustered. “An object—I can’t believe—that’s genius. I can’t believe I’ve never thought of that before.”“But what could the object be? There’s, like, a million objects in this damn place,” Hoseok says.“I found a binyeo in this secret drawer in my room earlier today. Maybe it’s hers.”“Hyung!” Hoseok exclaims. “You found what?”Yoongi shrugs again. “A binyeo. Looked pretty old.”“Why didn’t you say anything?”“I dunno, didn’t seem that important.”“Take me to it,” Jungkook says immediately, tossing his leaf-blowers aside. “I can use it to summon and talk to the ghost.”The pretty, jeweled hair stick still sits on the side table where he had carelessly left it. Jungkook takes it into his hands almost reverently. He holds it for a while, brows furrowed, eyes unfocused. Every now and then, he murmurs something under his breath.The ghost appears without warning. White hanbok with transparent, wispy edges, stringy black hair falling down to the waist that looks wet, almost entirely concealing the transparent face. It floats a foot off the ground, hovering in front of them. This time, when Hoseok screams, Yoongi does, too.“I face you at last,” Jungkook says, waving his arm out dramatically.“Not you again,” comes a voice, and rather than the frightening out it had hissed before, now the ghost sounds like an irritated teenage girl. Despite the fact that her mouth doesn’t move when she speaks. “Haven’t you given up yet?”“I will never give up, not until I have rid this world of your evil presence. I will put an end to your tormenting of the innocent living—”“Tormenting?” If they could see her eyes, Yoongi imagines she would probably be rolling them. “I don’t torment anyone.”“You were tormenting us,” Hoseok blurts.“I was just bored.”Yoongi scoffs. Bored. He could be sleeping right now if a goddamn ghost hadn’t decided to use them as entertainment.“I have your most prized possession.” Jungkook holds up the hair stick. That’s a bit of a stretch, considering they don’t even know if she’s attached to it or not, but Jungkook looks fairly convinced.“Give that back. My grandmother gave that to me.” Her edges flutter like she’s going to charge for him, but he shakes the stick in front of him like it’s a shield. She doesn’t move.“This is what’s keeping you here, right? You’re more attached to this binyeo than anything else.”“It was my last gift from my grandmother before she died.”“You’re dead, too. Why are you stuck here when you can join her in the afterlife?”“I died alone. Nobody said my funeral rites.”“Then you should have become a wandering ghost.”“I’m stuck here. Because of that.” She raises one arm, concealed entirely within the sleeve of the hanbok, toward the hair stick.“Then I’ll read your funeral rites over this binyeo, and you can finally rest. What do you think?”“That sounds nice,” she says, full of breathy relief.He asks for her name, and then he performs the funeral rites, adjusted since they don’t actually have a body. Pointing the hair stick north, Jungkook reads her name three times. They follow him out the back door of the bed and breakfast to a small garden behind the house. There, he buries the hair stick. Hoseok and Yoongi each toss a handful of dirt. Once the last speck of dirt has fallen, a rush of soft air envelops them, a quiet sigh sounding in their ears. The ghost is gone.Jungkook doesn’t look as relieved as he should, considering how long he has been trying to get rid of the ghost. He looks almost sad, and even though Yoongi should be happy that the mess of a night is over, he feels a little sad, too. Something about such close contact with death tends to put a damper on things.Jungkook shakes their hands before leaving.“Guess you are the best,” Yoongi says.“Guess so.” Jungkook grins.When he’s gone, Hoseok drags Yoongi straight to his room.“Time to crash,” he says, bags under his eyes. “I’m exhausted.”After all they’ve been through, sharing a bed with Hoseok should be the least surprising event of the night. Still, when Yoongi collapses next to Hoseok, the latter’s arm slung around his waist, he feels rather nervous. But Hoseok is warm and comforting and the ghost is gone, and just before Yoongi falls asleep, he thinks that in the morning he’ll ask Hoseok if he wants to find a hotel room with him somewhere else and finish out their vacations together. Somewhere new and crowded and very, very not-haunted. Three knocks on their door, loud enough that the frame shakes, wake them a few hours later. Yoongi sits up, rubbing his eyes, sun filtering in through the curtains. His first thought is that the ghost is back and they’re fucked after all. But then a voice on the other end says, “Open up! We’re here to help.”“What’s going on?” Hoseok mumbles, groggy.Yoongi pats his hair. “Go back to sleep.” He makes it to the door and opens it, yawning. Two guys stand there, one about his height with round cheeks and an eye smile, the other one tall and lanky with lilac hair.“V and Min Supernatural Investigators,” says the taller one.“Where’s the ghost?” demands the smaller one.“You’re late,” Yoongi says, and kicks the door shut.



Afterword


End Notes
hmu on tumblr or twitter!!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



