



Useless Lesbian Heda - Superwayhaught100 - The 100 TV
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Useless Lesbian Heda
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17934986.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/F
Fandom:
The 100 (TV)
Relationship:
Clarke Griffin/Lexa, Anya & Lexa (The 100), Clarke Griffin & Raven Reyes, Octavia Blake & Clarke Griffin
Character:
Clarke Griffin, Lexa (The 100), Anya (The 100), Indra (The 100), Raven Reyes, Octavia Blake, Lincoln (The 100), Bellamy Blake, Finn Collins
Additional Tags:
Fluff and Humor, OOC Lexa, ooc Anya, Useless Lesbian Lexa (The 100), Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Anya Lives, Clexa Week 2019, Day 1 Useless Lesbian
Series:
Part 1 of
ClexaWeek2019
Collections:
Clexaweek2019
Stats:

        Published: 2019-02-27
          Completed: 2020-02-07
          Chapters: 5/5
        Words: 7705
      

Useless Lesbian Heda
by Superwayhaught100
Summary
Heda has a type. Unfortunately for her, Clarke is exactly that. Too bad she can't figure out how to talk to her without making a fool of herself. 
Told from Lexa's POV, including her internal dialogue. In canon-verse with the help of incorrect-clexa-quotes on tumblr.
Notes
https://incorrect-clexa.tumblr.com/ was kind enough to give me permission to use some of the quotes she has collected for this. Lexa and Anya are most definitely out of character and the plot loosely follows canon. Finn hasn't become a mass murderer since I'm trying to keep this light while still somewhat following the plot.

          See the end of the work for more notes





They meet



                Lexa had no idea why Anya seemed to be so looking forward to her meeting with the leader of the Sky People. Her former mentor was almost giddy. Lexa understood that this girl could already be considered a force to be reckoned with as she is the first person ever to escape the Mountain, not only that but also saved Anya along with herself. Still, Lexa knew the Sky People still had a lot to answer for.
                Lexa twirled her knife around as she organized her thoughts. It wasn’t long until it was announced that the Sky leader had arrived. Lexa indicated that she be allowed to enter, and the Commander could hear Gustus threaten her. The tent flap was moved to the side and in came the most beautiful goddess that Lexa has ever seen. Fuck, she’s pretty, damnit Anya! Lexa took a moment to look down at her blade, You are Heda, you are stealthy and sharp like a knife, she repeated to herself before looking up. Stabbing the knife into the arm of her throne she did her best to look intimidating. “You are the one that burned 300 of my warriors alive.” Lexa saw the blonde take a steadying breath.
                “You are the one that sent them there to kill us” the Sky leader responded.
                Hot and quick, I’m in trouble. “What is it that I can do for you Clarke of the Sky People?”
                “If we have a truce, I can help you beat the Mountain Men,” Clarke told her.
                “Ridiculous! Let me kill her now!” Indra growled stepping forward.
                Lexa just put her hand up, stopping the general in her tracks.
                “Why should I believe you?” Lexa asked.
                “The Mountain Men have been taking your people and draining them of their blood or turning them into Reapers. I can turn them back,” Clarke stated causing an uproar in the tent.
                “Lies! That is impossible!” Indra said, pulling her sword out of the scabbard.
                “It’s true! I’ve done it for Lincoln!” Clarke yelled above the commotion.
                “Enough!” Lexa roared over the noise. She stared directly into blue eyes. “Take me to Lincoln, if he is indeed healed, you will have your truce.”
                Clarke nodded in agreement.
∞∞∞∞
                Lexa was following behind the blonde leader admiring the view while doing her best to keep her stoic façade in place.
                Anya came up beside her and smirked. “So, what do you think of Clarke?”
                Lexa frowned. “She seems like a very capable leader. If she really cured a Reaper, then she would make a great ally.”
                “Mmhm, an ally,” Anya said, smirk still firmly in place.
                “As much fun as this is, why don’t you just tell me what is on your mind, Anya,” Lexa sneered at her, perfectly aware of what was likely to come out of her former mentor’s mouth.
                “Well, she is fierce, smart, and hot, therefore exactly your type,” Anya replied smugly.
                Lexa looked at her sharply, holding back a retort that would cause attention to be drawn to them. Looking forward again, Lexa couldn’t stop her eyes from appreciating the curvy backside of the Sky leader. Still, she huffed and responded, “I will have you know, I have high standards.”
                Clarke turned to make sure they were still following her and gave her a soft smile.
                “Oh, no, she’s meeting all of my standards,” Lexa groaned.
                Anya laughed. “Mmhm.”
                Lexa reacted instantly, punching Anya in the shoulder, causing the taller woman to stumble. She smiled smugly at her mentor and kept walking.
                Before long the big metal structure that the Sky People called the Dropship came into view. The mood turned somber immediately as they started walking through a blackened field of burned skeletons.
                Clarke looked back at them again and Lexa could see the trepidation on her face. As they moved into the structure, Clarke started climbing up a ladder.
                Had they not just walked through a field of her fallen soldiers, Lexa would have taken the time to enjoy the view.
                One of her guards went up the ladder after Clarke and nodded his head that it was safe.
                Lexa quickly climbed the ladder followed closely by the rest of her people. She looked around and saw an older brunette woman shoving Lincoln’s chest and a younger one crouched near them crying. Lincoln, who looked very much dead. She looked sharply at Clarke who was obviously scared.
                “Lies!” Indra roared. “Kill them!”
                Everyone pulled their weapons.
                Well, damn, I have to kill her now. 
                The older brunette had some sort of stick weapon and suddenly plunged it down to connect to Lincoln’s chest.
                The warrior’s body leapt off of the ground, but nothing else happened.
                “Again!” Clarke yelled.
                The older woman hit him again and suddenly he was gasping for air.
                Lexa got closer, fascinated as Lincoln reached out for the crying girl and started speaking weakly, but coherently, not at all like a Reaper. It was amazing. Well, damn, now I have to work with her. I’m so screwed. Taking a deep breath, she looked around the room once more before turning her gaze to Clarke. “You have your truce. We will meet tomorrow to start planning for Mount Weather.”
                The blonde smiled brightly and nodded.
                Lexa tripped over air on her way back to the ladder.
                “Heda, are you okay?” one of her guards asked.
                Lexa grunted. “Yes, I hit some skaikru tech, is all.” She could see Anya barely holding back laughter. She scowled at the general and climbed down the ladder.



Chapter 2



                After meeting for a short time to inform the Skaikru what was expected of them, Lexa invited representatives to the ceremony of sending her warriors from the Dropship fire, into the next life by giving the remains of their bodies to the fire. For only reasons of respect, Lexa made sure that Clarke was next to her through the ceremony. She couldn’t help the thrill she felt every time their shoulders brushed.
                After speaking some words of unification and honoring the dead, she couldn’t help but offer the torch to Clarke, who accepted it graciously.
                “Yu gonplei ste odon,” Clarke said lighting the pyre.
                Lexa looked in surprise at the blonde. Oh fuck, she knows our language and traditions. How was it possible to be this perfect? She was brought out of her stupor when Anya elbowed her.
                “Heda, would you like to get on your knees and grovel next? Because that is what it looks like you are going to do,” Anya teased quietly.
                She elbowed her former mentor back directly in the solar plexus. “Do try and catch your breath soon, we have a meeting,” Lexa said walking away.
∞∞∞∞
                The meeting consisted of clan leaders and generals that had arrived quickly to TonDC in order to plan the destruction of Mount Weather. Clarke had pulled out a hand drawn map of the inside of the Mountain that had Lexa amazed at the woman’s skill. Unfortunately, many did not trust Clarke. She had been pushing for sending one of her own, Bellamy, into the mountain so that he could somehow take out the acid fog. Whenever Clarke tried to suggest that or anything, she was either spoken over or it was instantly dismissed. Lexa could see the blonde’s patience was running out. She just wanted to hold her and tell her it would be alright. Fuck, I’m Heda. Be Heda. You are the knife!
                “What do you suggest, then?” Clarke demanded of Quint, a Trikru general who opposed Clarke the most.
                “I say we take our warriors and charge the Mountain!” Quint answered.
                “And when they release the acid fog when everyone is in range? What then?” Clarke asked.
                He responded with a growl.
                “If we send Bellamy in, he can disable the fog and our forces can actually get to the Mountain without dying,” Clarke claimed looking around to those in the room.
                “We can’t trust Skaikru to get the job done!” Quint yelled.
                Lexa tensed, fully ready to throw herself in front of Clarke if needed. Wait, what?
                Clarke stomped up to Quint, getting in his face. “What is your problem?” she demanded.
                “You burned my brother alive,” he sneered, hand on his sword.
                Clarke didn’t back down, much to Lexa’s amazement. “Then he shouldn’t have attacked my ship.”
                Taking a breath to steady the roaring heat that might be attraction. Lexa slammed a hand on the table. “Enough of this! We are getting nowhere. Let’s take a break and regroup with more ideas tomorrow!”
                The group dispersed quickly, Anya included, until the only ones left were Lexa and Clarke.
                “You know we have to get the acid fog down before anything. Sending Bellamy in is the only option,” Clarke said with a slight lilt of plea in her voice.
                Lexa felt like goo as those stunning blue eyes implored her. It took a second for her to remember herself. “Sending Bellamy in is a prayer. He will more than likely be killed as soon as he steps inside.”
                “What other choice do we have?” Clarke yelled.
                Lexa looked at the blonde sharply. “Do you know what your problem is? You’re so hot that no one has ever told you you’re wrong!”
                Clarke looked stunned. Her mouth opened and closed for a few moments before she spoke. “You think I’m hot?”
                Fuck. Lexa realized that was indeed what she had said and swore more out loud in Trigedasleng. Trying to save face, she glared at the blonde. “You need to have better ideas tomorrow!” Lexa demanded, before storming out. The whole time she was leaving all she could think was, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck.
∞∞∞∞
                On her way back to her tent, Lexa saw Anya look at her and follow her to the tent. She sighed knowing she was in for it. Once through the tent flap, Lexa immediately went to the table where there was a pitcher of wine and a pitcher of water, she chose water.
                Anya entered the tent shortly thereafter. “Well, that was quite the meeting wasn’t it?”
                Lexa just rolled her eyes.
                “What happened after everyone left?” the general asked.
                Lexa sighed and relayed everything.
                “Why don’t you just tell her how you are feeling, cause let’s face it, you do have feelings for her? I have no doubt she wouldn’t be opposed,” Anya suggested.
                “I can’t have these feelings, I’m the Commander!” Lexa growled out.
                Anya just raised an eyebrow at her.
                Lexa frowned. Fuck, I do have feelings. Who the fuck authorized this?
                “Maybe just work out what you want to say to her. Write it down, practice in front of a mirror. I don’t know. Something. You need laid,” Anya suggested.
                Lexa scoffed and pointed to the exit. “Out. Now.”
                Anya put her hands up and left.
                Grumbling, Lexa demanded her dinner be brought to her tent and spent the rest of the evening alone.
∞∞∞∞
                The next morning, Lexa worked hard in the training grounds before preparing for the next Mountain meeting. When she was done, Anya was waiting for her in her tent. She sighed and looked at her former mentor. “I wrote Clarke a note telling her how I feel.”
                Anya grinned. “That’s progress!”
                “I tore it up and burned it.”
                Anya nodded. “Well, that’s still progress! Just give it some time Heda. After the Mountain is defeated, she will be all yours.”
                Lexa nodded. “Time to go to the meeting.”
                The both exited the tent and started walking to the meeting area when Lexa stopped. She spied Skaikru nearby. More specifically, Clarke and Bellamy. The two stood pretty close and she didn’t like it at all. Then, a floppy haired boy joined the mix. He got way to close to the blonde for Lexa’s liking.
                “You are being really quiet, Heda,” Anya remarked.
                Lexa grit her teeth while trying to kill the boy with her eyes. “No one plans a murder out loud,” she sneered through gritted teeth.
               



Chapter 3
Chapter Summary
Another bad meeting. Pauna.



                Once again, the meeting turned into a shouting match with no real proposals put forth. Lexa was getting increasingly frustrated. Quint was still nothing but hostile towards Clarke and it seemed he was starting to gain some support. It was getting them nowhere. Looking around the room, Lexa had had enough. “This is getting us nowhere!” she yelled over the noise, causing everyone to quiet down and look at her. “If we cannot work together the Mountain will just continue to take our people and we will be right where we started. Skaikru tech and their knowledge of the Mountain’s is the first time we have an advantage in 100 years! We will take a break for an hour’s time. When you get back, leave your attitudes at the door or don’t come in because you are no use to us if all you want to do is fight in here rather than truly help our people,” she said glaring at everyone. “You are dismissed.”
                The room emptied out quickly. Lexa saw Clarke sigh. “I need some air,” the blonde proclaimed before following the group out.
                Anya came to stand next to Lexa. “I don’t know if this is going to work, Heda.”
                The brunette sighed. “We will have to make it work. I’m going to go for a walk to clear my head.”
                Anya smirked at her. “Sure, clear your head. Accidently run into Clarke as she is getting some air. I’m sure it is just coincidence.”
                Lexa rolled her eyes and didn’t bother to respond.
∞∞∞∞
                Anya ended up following Lexa on her walk. Her former mentor quit her teasing after Lexa tripped her and made sure to shove her face into the dirt after she fell. Lexa had been lost in her thoughts when a commotion brought her back to the present. She looked up to find Quint on top of Clarke choking her. Oh, this bitch. Lexa pulled a dagger just as Quint raised his own. She threw with complete accuracy, her knife lodging itself in his arm, making him drop his dagger and roll off the blonde. Lexa was immediately on top of him, pulling her knife out of his arm. “Attack her and you attack me, Quint,” Lexa sneered at the man. She looked Clarke up and down, totally not lingering on her lips or boobs, checking for injury.
                “Thank you,” Clarke said breathlessly.
                “Where is your guard?” Lexa asked, contemplating killing the guard herself for not doing her job.
                “He killed her,” Clarke informed her.
                “I did no such thing! My fight is with her and only her!” Quint yelled.
                Lexa glared at him. “Your fight is over.”
                Anya stepped forward.
                Lexa held her hand up, stopping her former mentor. “The kill is yours, Clarke.”
                The blonde hesitated before lifting her gun.
                A monstrous roar interrupted them.
                Oh, fuck. “Pauna!” Lexa yelled, quickly pulling her sword and slashing behind Quint’s knees, hoping the offering will distract the beast. “Run!”
                They all took off through the forest. The sound of Quint’s screams spurring them to go faster.
                “We need to hide!” Lexa yelled.
                “I found something!” Clarke announced.
                Lexa and Anya found the blond pulling at a round metal grate, easily removing it. They all raced through a short tunnel and Clarke kicked out the grate on the other end. The entered a placed filled with dead animal carcasses.
                “What the hell is this?” Clarke asked.
                “It is its damn feeding ground,” Anya groaned.
                Lexa glared at her friend.
                “Come on, let’s climb up and see if there is a way out of here,” Clarke suggested.
                Lexa happily followed the blonde, if she was going to die, might as well take advantage of life’s simple pleasures while she can. Watching Clarke’s curvy backside as she climbed was one of those simple pleasures.
                Once the three reached the top of the structure, they could see trees being plowed down by the beast, and they all pulled their weapons. Suddenly, it jumped from the forest, easily clearing the wall and landing 10 feet in front of them.
                “Death is not the end,” Lexa said trying to soothe their fear.
                “Fuck that,” Clarke proclaimed and proceeded to shoot the beast.
                It roared and stumbled, falling back down the structure right where they had climbed up.
                Lexa was amazed. Clarke’s fearlessness was… oh shit it is getting up. Lexa kept her eyes on the Pauna and settled into a fighting stance.
                “There’s a door down there! Come on!” Clarke yelled.
                Lexa looked behind to see what Clarke was talking about.
                “I’ll go the other way, hopefully it will follow me,” Anya decided.
                Lexa looked at her friend. “What?”
                “Go, Heda!” Anya shouted before letting out a war cry and heading the other direction.
                Lexa saw Clarke had already jumped down from the structure and followed suit. Pain in her ankle caused her to stumble and fall, her shoulder slamming into the wall causing even more pain.
                “Lexa!” Clarke cried out running to her.
                The brunette chuckled, trying to shake off the pain. “Guess you have me falling for you.”
                Clarke’s eyes widened in surprise. “What?”
                “What?” Lexa asked, kicking herself for actually saying that out loud.
                The Pauna roared again right above them.
                They looked up and saw the beast looking at them, Anya’s distraction obviously not working.
                Clarke pulled Lexa up and they headed for the door. The blonde made it through but the Pauna caught Lexa’s foot.
                “Leave me!” the Commander yelled.
                “No!” Clarke yelled back starting to shoot at the beast again making it let go of Lexa and stumble back. Clarke kicked the lever near the door making the metal slam closed. “Where are you injured?” the blonde asked, helping Lexa up and leading her to sit on a table that is in the room.
                “You should have left me Clarke. To be a strong leader you need to make sacrifices, I am not worth your life.”
                Clarke snorted. “You know, where I come from, when someone saves your life you are supposed to say thank you.”
                Lexa grit her teeth as the blonde prodded her injuries. “My spirit would have chosen the next commander wisely.”
                Clarke rolled her eyes. “I prefer your spirit stay right where it is,” she said as she pulled Lexa’s arm.
                Lexa groaned as pain exploded in her shoulder before the pain dulled immensely. She looked questioningly at the blonde.
                “Your shoulder was out of place. I just popped it back in,” Clarke explained as she looked around and found a cloth that she tore and started wrapping around Lexa as a makeshift sling. “That should help for now.”
                The Pauna started banging on larger doors on the other side of the room.
                “It found us!” Lexa yelled standing out.
                Clarke quickly unsheathed the brunette’s sword and slid it through the handles of the door, barring it closed, at least for the moment.
                Lexa was once again amazed at the blonde.
                “We need to be prepared for when it gets in here,” Clarke claimed.
                Lexa nodded. “Don’t be scared, death is not the end, Klark.”
                Clarke looked over at the Commander and walked up to her. “Fuck that, Lexa. We still have life to live now!”
                Fuck it. “Maybe you’re right,” Lexa admitted wrapping her hand around the back of Clarke’s neck and kissing her passionately. She almost pulled back when Clarke didn’t react, but then the blonde’s hands reached up to thread her fingers through brown locks and responded with equal fervor.
                The pulled apart when the Pauna roared and slammed into the doors again, causing them to bend in slightly.
 Looking at each other once more, Lexa saw Clarke’s eyes light up with an idea and the blonde looked at the door.
“What if we let it in?” Clarke asked.
“What?” That sounds like a terrible idea. Was my kiss bad enough that she wanted to get us killed?
“When it starts pounding against the door again, I pull the sword, it falls into the room and we run out and maybe trap it in here!” Clarke announced.
Lexa’s eyes widened at the genius of the plan. Maybe I should kiss her again. The Pauna started hitting the door again. Right, beast, must deal with beast first.
“Ready?” Clarke asked.
Lexa nodded.
The blonde pulled the sword and the Pauna crashed into the room, stumbling passed them, obviously not prepared for the door to actually open. They ran out of the room and closed the doors behind them. They were in luck when Clarke found a solid metal bar used to keep the door close. She slid it into place and the beast started roaring and pounding on the door again. This time the doors didn’t budge.
Lexa grinned at Clarke.
“Heda!”
They both looked to find Anya running towards them.
Her former mentor clapped her on her injure shoulder, causing her to groan in pain.
“Hey, jackass, she’s hurt,” Clarke admonished Anya.
The general looked at Lexa with concern.
“I’ll be alright. We need to get out of here, just in case it is able to break through the door,” Lexa announced.
The other two nodded and they all ran.
∞∞∞∞
Once they were safely back in TonDC, Lexa sent warriors to end the fight of the trapped Pauna. She allowed some Skaikru to go with them to use their weapons, since they seemed to have more of an effect on the beast. Raven even gave them a couple of more devices that she proclaimed would “Blow that fucker up.” Lexa wasn’t sure what she meant but allowed it.
Anya came into her tent to check on her. “How are you doing?”
Lexa sighed. “They are minor injuries, Clarke took care of the worst one. I will recover quickly.”
The general nodded and smirked. “So how did you respond to Clarke “taking care of you”?” she asked using air quotes.
Lexa rolled her eyes. She knew she shouldn’t say anything, but she was bursting to talk about it. “I kissed her.”
Anya’s eyes widened and then she grinned. “So, tell me about it. Was it like… was it a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, “I gotta have you now” kind of thing?”
“Well, at first, it was really intense, you know. And then we just sort of sunk into it.”
“Okay, so was she holding you, or were her hands on your back?” Anya asked.
Lexa thought back to it. “No actually, first they were… she was surprised, so her hands were by her sides, but then she slid them up and her fingers were in my hair.”
“Oooh!” Anya said excitedly.
∞∞∞∞
Clarke had been telling Raven about everything that had happened. The brunette was happy to provide some grenade type weapons for the warriors to take out the giant gorilla. She could tell there must have been something else that happened as Clarke seemed to be ramping up the story.
“And then Lexa kissed me.”
Raven looked at her in surprise. Who knew the stoic Commander chick could be so soft? “Tongue?”
“No,” Clarke admitted.
Raven rolled her eyes. “Lame. So, what happened next?”
Clarke continued on with their daring escape.



Chapter 4
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




               Clarke had realized that the way to destroy the Mountain was already inside. Lexa had seen the genius of this plan and tried to insist Bellamy not go alone but take Finn with him. Alas, he would make it too noticeable that they didn’t fit in if they both went. Lexa tried to push, he could sacrifice himself for Bellamy if needed, unfortunately the idea wasn’t accepted.
               “Lexa, I don’t see why he would need to go!” Clarke insisted.
               “What if Bellamy needs a spotter?” Lexa said.
               “Would you send a spotter with someone on a covert mission?” Clarke asked.
               Lexa grit her teeth. “No…”
               “Exactly. Bellamy goes, Lincoln acts as his Reaper to get him there, we act once everything is down,” Clarke tells her with finality.
               Lexa nods with a huff.
∞∞∞∞
               Had Anya not stopped her, Lexa would have sent the whole army at Mount Weather for trying to assassinate the Clarke. Anya reminded her of the fog, so Lexa was waiting impatiently to destroy the fools that dare try to hurt Clarke.
               Upon seeing Clarke enter TonDC, she breathed freely once more.
               Anya picked on her.
               “Shut up, just because you can’t get a girl doesn’t mean I can’t,” Lexa sassed her.
               “Oh, whatever, I do alright,” Anya insisted.
               “The thing is, she looks at me and I just…”
               “Forget your own name?” Anya supplied.
               Lexa nodded and sighed, “Exactly…”
               Anya smirked. “You love Griffin.”
               Lexa huffed, “I don’t love Clarke! She’s just someone I stare at and I like and when she’s not here, it ruins my day… fuck.”
               Anya chuckled as she made her way out of the Heda’s tent.
∞∞∞∞
               After the TonDC bombing Clarke and Lexa were in Heda’s Tent making plans for the attack.
               “What if we are wrong? What if disengaging the power doesn’t disengage the locks?” Clarke asked.
               Lexa sighed, “Your people said it would. You need to rest, Clarke.”
               “We could blow the doors manually,” Clarke insisted.
               “Plans don’t last very long in battle. Tiring yourself with question already asked is a waste of energy.”
               “People died for this Lexa! It has to work!” Clarke told her.
               “You are doing what I did when I first took command. You must trust the people you lead.”
               “But what if I sent Bellamy in there to die?”
               Oh, darn? Too bad Finn didn’t go, too? Lexa thought. “You trusted him, so trust him to do his job.”
               “Yeah, but what if I sent him in there just to die?” Clarke asked.
               One floppy haired boy down, another to go? “This is what it means to be a leader, Clarke. You must look in the eyes of your warriors and say go die for me!”
               “I never asked for that! Clarke insisted.
               “You were born for this, Clarke, just as me. We need to make sacrifices, no matter how much we wish we don’t have to.”   We could lead together, it would be great, Lexa thought. “You could be a leader your people look to. Pour their dreams and hopes onto, someone they will fight and die for.” Lexa stepped closer to the blonde. “Do you want a hug?” Crap.
               Clarke looked at her in confusion. “What?”
               “What? “ Lexa responded stepping away.
               Clarke gave her a confused look before turning and leaving the tent.
 
∞∞∞∞
               Lexa was remorseful at the sight of a destroyed TonDC. She knew Clarke was as well, but the end game of the Mountain’s destruction was more important than a few people’s sacrifice. Unfortunately, one of Skaikru, which was aiming to become Trikru had challenged Clarke for knowing TonDC was going to be bombed. Lexa couldn’t have that. Not only was this girl challenging herself, she was challenging Clarke.
               Lexa decided it was time to end this challenger’s life and it seemed only a few moments went by before Ryder was brought in like a common prisoner by Clarke. How can she get any hotter? Fuck.
               “Is there a problem here?” Lexa asked trying to maintain her authority.
               “You will stand down any order to kill Octavia or I will break this alliance and no longer tell you anything Bellamy says,” Clarke said with challenge.
               Lexa frowned and looked away. “Ok,” the brunette immediately agreed.
               Anya coughed behind her and the noise sounded a lot like the word “whipped.”
               Clarke gave Lexa an appreciative look. “Thank you, Heda.”
               The brunette had to suppress a smile at the sparkle in blue eyes. You are Heda, you are stealthy and sharp like a knife, she reminded herself. “If she were to become a problem, inform me.”
               “You can’t just kill everyone you can’t trust,” Clarke stated fiercely.
               Lexa stood up. “Yes, I can.”
               “Well I won’t let you,” Clarke countered.
               Why does she have to be so sexy when she challenges me?
               A distinct sigh came from behind Lexa before Anya stepped forward. “You will respect Heda,” the tall blonde demanded, glaring intensely at Clarke.
               Lexa looked at her fos incredulously before remembering herself.
               Clarke huffed. “I’ll handle my people, you handle yours,” the sky girl said before turning and leaving the tent.
               Once she was gone, Anya turned to Lexa. “That was terrible. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so pathetic before.”
               Lexa glared at the other woman. “Remind yourself of what you just said. I am Heda, and I can kill whoever I want.”
               Anya rolled her eyes and walked out of the tent grumbling something about uselessness.
∞∞∞∞
               Lexa was meditating on her throne as Clarke looked over more maps of the area. She was trying to remind herself that she was the knife and to stop being so pathetic around the blonde. I am my own person. I listen to no one. I am Heda. What I say goes. I am the most powerful person on Earth.
               “Lexa, come here,” Clarke called.
               The brunette immediately stood and walked up to the girl from the sky. “Yes, Clarke? What is it? Do you need something? Do you need help reading the maps? Lunch? Want me to kill someone? A snack? Anything you want,” she questioned as she stood next to Clarke at the table.
               Clarke stared at Lexa for a minute before a small smirk made its way onto her face.
               Fuck. Useless…
               “You act all hard, like you don’t care about anyone, yet you strive to protect everyone. How am the only one that gets to see this side of you?” Clarke asked.
               Lexa cleared her throat as she tried to put more strength in her stance. “I trust you, Clarke.
               The blonde softened. “I know that is hard for you.”
               Lexa nodded. “I know you think our ways are harsh, but it is what we must do to survive.”
               Clarke looked down at the maps with a sigh. “Maybe life should be about more than just surviving. Don’t we deserve better than that?”
               “Maybe we do,” Lexa responded, deciding to go for it. She brought a hand up to Clarke’s head and brought her into a soft kiss, inside giddily freaking out.
               Clarke responded for a few seconds, before pulling away. “It’s not time yet. We need to focus on the Mountain.”
               Lexa immediately backed up. “Yes. Of course.”
               Clarke gave her a small smile and turned to leave.            
               “Just for clarification, you did say “yet,” correct?” Lexa asked hopefully.
               Clarke grinned at her, cheeks turning red. “I did,” she answered before leaving the tent.
               Lexa pumped her fist in celebration. Anya’s never going to believe this.



Chapter End Notes
Holy shit, a chapter! My apologies for the long wait. I lost my sense of humor for a while there. Honestly, there are probably only two or three more chapters. I have a better direction mapped out now, so it won't take months before you get the next chapters. I hope you enjoyed the chapter and thank you for reading!


Chapter 5
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




               There were murmurs of surprise from outside her tent, drawing Lexa out. She found Clarke looking up at the sky and went to stand next to her also looking up to find something small burning against the clouds.
               “He did it,” Clarke exclaimed with a grin.
               Holy shit, he actually did it. Damnit. Lexa nodded. She stood tall and looked at the beautiful blonde. “It is time to strike,” she told her with smirk. Floppy-haired boy may have gotten the fog down, but I have a fucking army. Suck it, Bellamy. She jogged to the edge of the ledge near her tent to look over her army of thousands. She looked at Clarke and then back to her warriors. “Kom War!” she yelled causing the soldiers to start chanting “Jus Drein, Jus Daun.”
               Clarke was grinning at her. “Time to get our people.”
               Lexa smiled at her, enjoying hearing the “our” in “our people.” She led the blonde into the meeting tent where her top generals had gathered. “Alright, listen up you fuckers.” Lexa turned to skaikru girl, “Not you, Clarke. You’re an angel and we’re thrilled you’re here with us.”
               Anya groaned.
               Lexa looked sharply at her friend, before once more going over the plan, ensuring everyone knew what to do. When she was done another round of “Jus drein, Jus daun,” was chanted throughout the tent. The commander grinned internally seeing Clarke join in.
               Time to take out the Mountain and impress a girl.
∞∞∞∞
               Lexa was standing next to Clarke as they watched the blonde’s people drill into Mt. Weather’s giant metal door. She had sent Anya with Raven to disable the dam, which was a good thing. Her fos would undoubtedly never let her forget what she was about to do. Trying to be nonchalant, she rested her hands on the hilt of her sword and asked, “What are your plans after this?”
               “I have no idea,” Clarke admitted.
               Lexa took a deep breath to steady herself. “Well if you want, you should come to the capital with me. Polis will change the way you think about us.”
               Clarke gave her a small smile. “You already have.”
               Lexa had to grip the hilt of her sword in order to attempt and stop the giddy smile she knew was about to take over her face. Focus, Lexa. You are Heda. You are about to fight a war. You can’t impress the pretty girl if you are distracted by her.
               The hole was completed, and Lexa watched as the workers shoved something inside. Her warriors readied themselves as a mechanism with a glowing button was handed to her. She turned to Clarke. “Together?”
               Clarke nodded solemnly and placed her hands over Lexa’s. “On three. One, two, three.”
               They pressed the button and a big explosion rocked the area, but the door did not open.
               “More explosives!” Clarke yelled.
               A group mixed of Skaikru and Grounders headed toward the door when a hail of bullets rained upon them. The Grounder warriors raised their shields to protect themselves and the Skaikru but many still fell. Lexa dragged Clarke down behind a barrier for protection.
“We will never get to the door while they are shooting,” Clarke lamented.
“I will go, Heda,” Lincoln offered.
“No,” the brunette said grabbing Lincoln. “You stay here and protect Clarke. I’ll go.”
Lincoln nodded solemnly.
Clarke grabbed her forearm. “Be safe.”
Lexa smirked back at her. Time to impress. She grabbed a small group of warriors and made her way up the mountain to where the shots were coming from. Her entire group moved stealthily through the trees, taking out Mountain Men as they went. One of her warriors jumped in front of her and fell as a bullet tore through him. She snarled as she threw one of her knives, killing the offender. When she came upon a small clearing, she found a man standing there, not wearing one of those suits, with his hands held up.
“Before you kill me, President Wallace has a proposition for you,” the man stated.
Lexa narrowed her eyes at him, wondering what kind of trap this was. “What is the meaning of this?”
The Mountain man sneered. “We have discovered that you are the leader of the savages. We understand that you are also smart. President Wallace said he would free all of your people if you just leave.”
Lexa tilted her head slightly to the side. “And what of the Skaikru?”
The man shrugged. “That is none of your concern.” He crossed his hands in front of him looking cocky. “What do you say?”
Lexa knew that she should take the deal. Truly. But all she could see was blue eyes and blonde hair. The last of the shooting stopped and she stomped toward the man. “Have you met Clarke Griffin?”
The man looked surprised by the question before frowning in anger. “Yes. She was a guest here for a short time. She will be again, soon. I hope she hasn’t caused as much trouble for you as she has for us.”
Lexa scoffed and pulled out a knife, stabbing him in the stomach.
His eyes widened in surprise.
Lexa got close to his ear as he started to hunch over. “She is not trouble. She is amazing and beautiful. I will not allow you to ruin my chances by giving into a proposition from dishonorable men like yourself and your president. I hope you have enjoyed your time outside without the suit.” She stabbed him a few more times making sure he was dead as several of her warriors came to stand beside her.
“Time to breach the Mountain,” she announced before leading the way back to where they had come.
Clarke was looking at her with concern. “Is everything okay?”
Lexa gave her a smirk. “Perfect.”
The blonde looked at her warily before nodding. She turned back to face the door and yelled to open it.
As the huge metal contraption creaked open Lexa cried out to charge and to the final battle they went.
∞∞∞∞
The battle had been bloody and many lives had been lost. Clarke, being the amazing person that she is, had been able to find a way to save some of the innocents from the Mountain. She had had her friend Monty seal the doors where regular citizens and children were holed up, keeping the air that was toxic to them out. Raven had come up with some ideas for them to be able to get to the group locked inside without killing them and Abby had started looking into the papers of the evil doctor that had been draining Lexa’s people to find a better way to accomplish what they were aiming for.
Lexa had been absolutely impressed when Clarke had killed the older Wallace. Doing so had the opposite effect than what they hoped including the Mountain Men placing Raven on the table in retaliation. Anya managed to get out of her chains and killed a majority of the Mountain people in the room for daring to hurt the genius. Lexa planned to never let her friend live that down.
All in all, it was incredibly successful. Her people no longer had to fear the Mountain men taking their loved ones and either killing them or turning them into Reapers. Those that had been turned into reapers were being collected and treated by Skaikru so they could go home to their families. Those that had been in the cages and made it through the battle were being treated by healers from both Skaikru and the Coalition. Abby had hoped to keep many inside the Mountain because they had good medical supplies but Lexa absolutely refused knowing none of her people would want to be in that evil place longer than they had to be.
Once things settled down, a huge celebration was being had. Large bonfires were lit everywhere, drink and food was in overabundance and Lexa was loving it. Her people were cheering her success of being the Heda that took down the Mountain. The only thing missing was Clarke. She searched for the beautiful blonde while slowly making her way through the revelry.
Lexa finally spotted Clarke with Raven. The two were walking away from a sad looking floppy-haired boy. That gave her hope that Clarke had truly turned him down. Unfortunately, it is the one that didn’t do much during the battle, but she decided to take her chance and follow the friends to where they had stepped into a tent.
∞∞∞∞

Five minutes earlier

               Clarke sighed seeing Finn come up to her. He had been staring at her like a kicked puppy ever since she had started spending more time with Lexa. Of course, that hadn’t stopped him from trying to hit on her when he caught up to her. It was all getting rather tiring.
               “Clarke! Hey. Are you enjoying the party?” Finn asked once he reached her side.
               The blonde sighed again. “I was.”
               He gave her a confused look before shaking it off. “Would you like me to get you a drink?”
               Clarke shook her head. “No thank you. I can get my own.”
               He frowned slightly. “You know, you’ve really got to stop sending me all these mixed messages, Clarke.”
               The blonde glared at him. “”I don’t like you” and “go away” are not mixed messages.”
               “Seriously,” Raven said, coming to stand next to Clarke. “Had I known you were this sad, I would have bailed before you had the chance to cheat on me.”
               Finn’s mouth gaped open.
               “Listen, Finn. There is not now, nor ever going to be another instance where you and I get together. So, please, stop trying. It is not going to happen,” Clarke stated unequivocally.
               “Truth. Bye-bye, Finn,” Raven said with a sarcastic wave before grabbing Clarke’s arm and leading her away. “Well, that wasn’t fun.”
               Clarke sighed. “Hopefully, it will be the end of that. How did you handle him being like that for so long?”
               Raven shrugged. “I was young, and ignorant. I’ve moved onto much better, much more adult things now.”
               Clarke smirked seeing her friend’s eyes travel to a certain blonde general. “So, you and Anya, huh?”
               “Dude, it is amazing,” Raven said as they passed through the flap of the blonde’s tent.
               “Oh?” Clarke asked.
               Raven nodded. “You really need to get with Heda. If all Grounders are as good as Anya at sex, the Ark’s oxygen systems aren’t the only thing that’s subpar there.”
               Clarke laughed at her friend’s goofiness before turning serious. “Things with Lexa all happened in the heat of the moment. I don’t know, Raven, I don’t think Lexa actually feels the same way…”
               The brunette looked over Clarke’s shoulder and smirked. “Forget about her, I’m better for you, anyway.”
               Lexa burst into the tent, “I THINK THE FUCK NOT!! SHE’S MINE!”
               Clarke was completely startled at the unexpected entrance.
               Raven was cracking up. “See? I told you she likes you back.”
               Lexa’s glare at Raven simmered down into a look of confusion.
               The mechanical genius grinned and patted Clarke’s arm. “You kids have fun,” she said before walking out of the tent.
               Clarke turned to focus on Lexa, crossing her arms and cocking her hip with a smug look on her face. “So, I’m yours, huh?”
               Lexa’s eyes widened for a moment before she looked at the ground. “Uh, well, um… You said “not yet” because we had Mt. Weather to battle. We’ve battled. We won,” she said with a shrug before shyly looking up at the blonde.
               Clarke wrapped her hands around the taller woman’s neck and pulled her in for a searing kiss.
               Lexa melted into it and grabbed onto Clarke’s hips. When Clarke pulled back to change the angle of the kiss, Lexa stopped. “Wait, isn’t this Raven’s tent?”
               Clarke grinned and shook her head. “No, this is my tent.”
               Lexa returned the grin. “Okay, then.”
∞∞∞∞
               The next morning, Anya was with Indra as they watched Clarke and Lexa walking together through camp. Anya could tell that her sekun must have finally scored. It is a good thing that she is the Heda that defeated the Maunon, otherwise the people of the Coalition would lose confidence in her for how much she is blushing at Clarke when she looks at her. Anya would make fun of her, but she is truly happy for her. Okay, she is still totally going to make fun of her.
               Indra watches the couple, as well. “They’re cute.”
               Anya was taken aback. She didn’t think Indra would approve.
               “I would put them on a boat,” Indra continued.
               The blonde general looked at the older woman with confusion before it clicked. “You mean you ship them?”
               Indra thought about it for a moment before nodding. “Yes, ship them.”
               Anya laughed and walked away. It was way too early for this.
∞∞∞∞
               After separating from Lexa to go check on her friends, Clarke was stuck in her head and wondering when she could go find the brunette again without seeming too needy. Raven was definitely not wrong about sex with a Grounder. She just hoped no one would have issues with her and Lexa being in a relationship.
               When she was about to give up, cause damn this camp is huge, she spotted a few of her friends. Bellamy was watching a little ways away as Raven and Octavia were discussing something. Clarke stood beside the older boy and asked, “What are Raven and O arguing about this time?”
               “They have a bet going about what Lexa’s like in bed. Octavia thinks she’s secretly really kinky, but Raven thinks she’s too romantic,” Bellamy informed her.
               Clarke nodded. “Yeah, she’s actually both.”
               Bellamy looked at her, eyes wide.
               Clarke looked back at him just now realizing what she had said. She let out an obviously fake laugh and jokingly punched his arm. “Ha, I mean…. How would I know? I don’t know what Lexa’s like in bed.” Her mind immediately went back to beautiful brunette, with an outstandingly sexy body, and amazing skills, and sighed. “But, I would assume she’s both,” Clarke said whimsically.
               Bellamy’s eyes narrowed in suspicion.
               “Oh, look, there’s my mom. Gotta go!” Clarke said taking off in a random direction.
∞∞∞∞
               It has been several months since the fall of Mt. Weather. Skaikru had been accepted as the 13th clan, and Clarke was serving as ambassador with Bellamy helping her. It was a tenuous situation since some of the other ambassadors did not like that she had a relationship with Heda, and sometimes Bellamy would let go of his temper, and then there was the fact that Lexa still did not like Bellamy whatsoever. There had been several times where there was a real problem with any of those situations, but things seemed to finally be calming down.
               Currently, Clarke was wondering what was taking so long for Lexa to get to the current ambassadors’ meeting.
               The doors opened suddenly and Heda breezed into the room. “My apologies for being late! I had to take care of something… important,” she stated while making her way to her throne.
               Everyone had stood in respect and sat back in their chairs as soon as Lexa did.
               The doors were thrown open once more and Bellamy walked in looking noticeably disheveled. “SHE PUSHED ME DOWN THE FUCKING STAIRS!”
               Clarke turned to look at her girlfriend who was failing to hide a smirk.
               “Shall we begin?” Lexa asked.



Chapter End Notes
I wasn't expecting this to be the last chapter, but it feels right. Thank you everyone for reading, I hope you enjoyed it. Again, I apologize for the long wait, but hey, I finished it in time for the 2020 Clexaweek fics to come out. I won't be participating, as I am focused on another project, but I look forward to reading. 
Thank you for reading! Thank you so much for all of the kudos and comments. I appreciate all of you.



Afterword


End Notes
This chapter might not be as amusing as the others, being that it is their introduction to each other. The rest Clexa will be working together more closely and therefore more informally.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



