



Vide Cor Meum - Sanguis - Multifandom
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Vide, Cor Meum
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/3943639.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Star Wars Prequel Trilogy, Star Wars Original Trilogy, Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace, Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones, Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith, Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope, Star Wars Episode V: Empire Strikes Back, Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi
Relationship:
Padmé Amidala/Anakin Skywalker
Character:
Padmé Amidala, Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Qui-Gon Jinn, Sheev Palpatine, Luke Skywalker, Leia Organa, Han Solo, Chewbacca, Sola Naberrie, Asajj Ventress
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe, Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, GFY
Stats:

        Published: 2015-05-15
          Completed: 2015-05-17
          Chapters: 7/7
        Words: 14970
      

Vide, Cor Meum
by Sanguis
Summary
In some other galaxy, the tale of the Skywalkers would be a tragedy sung across the stars. Here, they live. Padmé and Anakin marry at dusk and raise their children with an Empire creeping at their heels.
Notes
Guess who downloaded the OST and then regretted her decision. I had to make a universe where things don't go as tragically.I do not consent to having my work hosted anywhere but archiveofourown.org. If you encountered this work on a third party app or site, then this work has been reposted and/or being hosted without my permission.




Appreso gir lo ne vedea piangendo
Chapter Summary
Her reign ends with a soft song during sunset, with the sweet taste of caramelised apples on her lips.



32 BBY Appreso gir lo ne vedea piangendo(Weeping, I saw him then depart from me) They arrive on Coruscant safe, but exhausted. Padmé is happy to see the city-planet, if only because of the lack of sand. Shmi Skywalker takes her son’s hand as if she will ever let him go; Padmé is inexplicably glad Anakin’s mother is here, as if her continued presence in Anakin’s life were the source of hope.Palpatine whispers that the Senate is useless; he would know, Coruscant and its Senate have been his home for years now. “There is no hope for us, then?” Padmé murmurs. Senator Palpatine has suggestions, and though Queen Amidala balks at such a motion, she has to consider it. Naboo and her people are at stake.Here, the view of Coruscant brings her no peace. Anakin passes through, Master Jinn at his heels. The boy does not recognise her in her royal regalia, but she suspects Master Jinn and his elder padawan may catch on soon. She asks for the Master’s advice, if only because he has served well, before.“Do not lose confidence in Chancellor Valorum,” Qui-Gon Jinn tells her. “He does not deserve your mistrust. He has two more years to go, and he has served well.”Queen Amidala bows her head. “I will consider this, Master Jinn.” He bows his head to her too, and leads Anakin away.The Senate gives Padmé no hope, but when Palpatine murmurs about the bureaucrats, she refuses to listen. A vote of no confidence is political assassination, and she has no interest in the downfall of a man who has been nothing but kind to her. She has her own plan, even if the Senate will not help her. “I will return to Naboo, to my people,” she announces. “I see now that the Republic no longer functions. I see now that I will not have the Senate to help me; where you have failed, I will succeed.” They do not love her for her harsh words, but she sees that Chancellor Valorum sees the truth in them; the Senate is as useless as the title that currently binds him.Senator Palpatine is less than content, but Padmé has found peace in not listening to his words. Under his worry for her safety, she detects poison. He thinks her foolish, naïve. Queen Amidala is a child-Queen. “I will not remain here as my people suffer,” she tells him. She maps her plans in her head as she walks away.That the Jedi Council sends Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi to ensure her safe journey is a boon to her. These men know how to fight, they have seen conflicts, wars. This journey will result in battle, of this she is certain. She fears for Anakin, but cannot do anything to stop Master Jinn; he intends the boy to be his apprentice. On her starship, she dresses as handmaiden Padmé once again, and listens to Anakin. He does not have his mother here.“They gave us this nice apartment,” he tells her. “It’s wizard! There’s always water, and they bring us food! Money too – mom bought me these. He tugs at his new shirt, wiggles his feet to show off his boots. “Mom’s been hired at the engineering station. They’ll pay her at the end of the month.” Padmé does not completely understand this delight at the bare minimum, but had the Jedi not complied, she would have gone to them herself and demanded more. Anakin has had so little, and still they do not deign him worthy of becoming a padawan.Anakin still has a scar at the back of his neck, from where they took out his chip. “It doesn’t hurt anymore,” he says bravely. “It stung a little, then, but I feel nothing now.” Padmé kisses him atop his brow, and prays that he remain safe, unharmed.Jar Jar Binks brings them along to find his people. Queen Amidala cannot despair as even the Gungans seem to have been slaughtered, but he tells them his people have a safe place in times of war. Standing before their chief, Padmé weighs her options. “I am Queen Amidala,” she confesses. She kneels – never has anyone appreciated acquiescence quite like Boss Rugor Nass does. If anything, she is relieved. Captain Panaka rebukes her later, and she does listen, but what’s done is done.“That was an impressive move, Your Majesty.” Master Jinn says. Next to him, Anakin is in awe. Obi-Wan appears less impressed, but there’s a smugness to him.“I hadn’t thought the Naboo used decoys.” He says. “It’s genius, really.”“You’re the Queen?” Anakin whispers to her, a short while later. “That’s…wizard,” Padmé laughs, uncertain whether it’s endearing, or whether her nerves are catching up with her. She’s about to lead these people into a battle, and reason tells her not all will survive. Either she frees her people, or she watches the Trade Federation tear Naboo to pieces. Her faith in the Republic Senate is, however, shattered; she verily doubts that Nute Gunray will see justice.As they fight their way into the hangar, she cannot let herself be distracted by the men and women who fall behind her. Her goal is up ahead –A Zabrak blocks the way.“We’ll take him.” Master Jinn says. She cannot care overmuch for their fate, but they’ve been her companions from Naboo, to Tatooine, to Coruscant, and back to Naboo. But now she cannot be simply Padmé Naberrie; here, she is Queen Amidala. The title tastes bitter in her mouth, and she feels young.“We have no time for this,” she says as droids shoot at them. They don’t, the time is running away from them. The Gungan’s are fighting a battle, dying as a diversion. She is uncertain what the Senate is up to – bickering, most likely. She shoots a window, a way out. There’s always a way out.The viceroy, gleeful at having finally caught her, is careless. Queen Amidala is certain he wants her head on a silver platter, and she wonders if she should claim his as her prize – a memento of this battle. The Trade Federation would revolt, but at least that vindictive part of her would finally be satisfied.In the confusion Sabé causes as her decoy, Nute Gunray misses how she had hid weapons under her throne. “Now, Viceroy, we will discuss a new treaty.” Queen Amidala takes her place on her throne, and considers the viceroy carefully. (Years later, she will coquettishly tell Anakin, whilst she shoots at droids and he protects her from gunfire, that these are aggressive negotiations. For now, she is too Queenly and holds a firm belief that she can solve this with words, with diplomacy).“I don’t simply want the Trade Federation to lift its blockade,” she says slowly. It would be far too simple, too kind. “You will abdicate, Viceroy.”“That is preposterous!” He says. “Inconceivable! You have n-““I have won this battle, Viceroy,” she mocks. In the distance, the command station explodes. She does not yet know how crucial it had been to leave Anakin behind, she merely wishes she’d left him in a safer place. “Your droid army is useless.” She leans forward. “If you want to keep your pride, I suggest you abdicate. As it is, you stand to ruin your Federation.” This is merely the first year of her term. It has opened in flames, but she does not intend to leave it behind in ashes.“The taxes will remain as they are, and you will pay them,” she says. “You will also pay for the damage you have caused Naboo, you will pay for the reparation of both the Naboo and the Gungans.” She holds up her hand when he protests. “I still speak. In turn, you may choose your successor.” She rises. “But not a Neimoidian. Someone strong-willed, and sympathetic to Naboo. Do you understand?”She waits for him to nod before she looks at Captain Panaka. They’ve made at least three recordings; one will be brought before the Galactic Senate, another to the Board of Directors of the Trade Federation, and yet another she will keep for herself to pass on to future Queens. “Now, pledge that you will do as I say, and that this treaty is valid.”Queen Amidala waits patiently for the Viceroy to repeat every word of what she’d said, until she is satisfied. “Take him away.” She says to the captain. The remaining soldiers she divides in two groups, “Find Anakin Skywalker,” she tells one set. To the other, “Find the Jedi. They may need your assistance.”Anakin lives.He runs towards her but stops abruptly; he still remembers she is a Queen, and not long ago he was a slave on an Outer Rim world. Padmé does not want a rift to grow between them. She may not be able to give Anakin the whole universe, but she can give him her friendship.“He was in a ‘fighter, milady.” The soldier tells her. Her eyes are bright with the exhilaration victory brings. “He destroyed the command station!”“It was an accident! I swear!” Anakin says, wide eyed. He cannot, however, keep his excitement at bay. “But space was so beautiful – like you!”Queen Amidala kneels; in this moment, she can return to being simply Padmé Naberrie. “Oh Ani,” she says. She places a kiss on the crown of his head. “You saved Naboo. You saved my people.” She hugs him for good measure. He hugs her back, uncertain at first, but it gains firmness. She looks at him again. “Stay humble, Ani. It suits you.”Master Jinn’s fate is far less joyous. Obi-Wan carries his body, and Padmé fears that thunderous look on his face. Something terrible stirs, not only within Kenobi, but on the horizons of the Galactic Republic. Something dark and wild has returned, and she cannot fight it, or put a name to it. She holds Anakin’s hand.“What will happen to us now?” Anakin asks as they watch Master Jinn’s pyre. Obi-Wan softens then, for a brief moment. “I am to be knighted when I pass my Trials,” he says. “And you will be my padawan.”Anakin is still troubled. His introduction to the world of Jedi, to the world of the Galactic Republic, has been bloody. Soon, he will be battle-worn, much as Knight Kenobi is. Padmé almost wants to keep him on Naboo; here, at least, the threat has been abated.But no – Anakin has brought down an army of droids by pure accident. Battle sings in his blood, and the galaxy is finally in his reach. He is but a boy, a boy with bones made for war, with blue eyes that shine with a lust for adventure. She cannot keep him here. Queen Amidala has her own matters to attend to – ruling a planet. She too, has bones wrought of iron, her nails are steel. She has won this battle, but a war brews.She does not believe a word of Senator Palpatine’s relief, but she does hear he will watch Anakin closely. She cannot think on it now, but she warns Obi-Wan. “Anakin must not fall as a thrall to Palpatine.” She tells him. “Love him like a son, cherish him like a brother. Build his mind strong.” She knows the Jedi whisper of prophecies; their legends find a way in all the corners of the galaxy. “Do not let him grow in the shadow of being Chosen. He is a boy. Make him a proper man.”Obi-Wan nods once.Until her term is over, Queen Amidala refuses to set foot in the Senate. They will not help her there. She watches closely as Nute Gunrey abdicates; a Balmorran human follows in his steps and the entire Board is reworked. Queen Amidala could not be more pleased.Anakin is a padawan when they celebrate their victory. His hair is shorn on the sides, short and the top. The beginnings of a braid accompany the short ponytail at the back. Dressed in beige, he still looks like the boy from Tatooine, but he is not. For a brief space in time, she can imagine the strapping warrior he will one day become.Queen Amidala wears white, for peace. Rugar Nass accepts her orb as offer, shouts “Peace!” At the top of his lungs to overcome to sound of trumpets.Two years later, her reign ends with a soft song during sunset, with the sweet taste of caramelised apples on her lips.



Vide Cor Tuum
Chapter Summary
They turn to the warmth of the sun.



22 BBY Vide cor tuum(See your heart) Long after the Nubian ship is destroyed, Senator Amidala still feels her insides tremble. Assassinations are not rare; indeed, they are far more common than the Senate agreeing. With but a year left in his term, Chancellor Valorum had been assassinated. Palpatine had risen to power quickly afterwards, and though he was from Naboo, it gave Padmé no joy to refer to him as Chancellor. At times, she suspects that he had sent that assassin after Valorum. She is not alone.Palpatine does, however, have an uncanny ability to pair her with her favourite Jedi. She is nearly anxious to see Obi-Wan and Anakin; Padmé has watched their career with much anticipation, with worry, with joy. As it is, she barely recognises Anakin when she sees him, and Obi-Wan has a beard.“You’re just like I remember you in my dreams,” Anakin says, excited. Padmé’s smile wanes, because she’s dreamt of him too, and he is the exact replica of the image her mind has supplied her with. She has also seen him with hair long enough to brush his shoulders, with a scar on his brow, with a skeletal, golden hand. She is uncertain what to make of it.Anakin promises to find whomever is responsible for her woes, and barely sees that Obi-Wan spares him a dark look. They’ll have words, no doubt. Anakin is too obvious, as always. Once Obi-Wan is out of earshot, she tells Anakin, “Use me as bait.”His eyes widen, he intends to protest. She silences him. “The quicker we catch this assassin, the sooner both of us can return to our duties.”He softens. “This is my duty Pa – Senator.” He does not slip after that, and Padmé cannot quite understand why she misses that. She misses him, this boy made into warrior. She dares not touch him, afraid she’ll drag him to the bed with her. She shakes her head.She goes to bed alone, trap in place. Artoo is with her, and it brings her some semblance of rest. She wakes quite suddenly when she hears a lightsaber, when the pungent smell of rotten poison worm fills her room. Anakin is nearly on top of her, his chest rising and falling – and then Master Kenobi flings himself out of a window. Anakin is gone before the glass has shattered entirely, and instead Cordé takes Padmé’s hand. “Are you all right, Milady?”Later, they tell her about the changeling. She is dead, barely awarded a proper funeral. Padmé is far from relieved. To Naboo, then, and hope no one there betrays her. Anakin is to go with her, and she is not entirely sure what she feels then.“First we speak with Queen Jamillia,” she tells him as they land on Naboo.” She has not yet recovered frm their conversation about Jedi codes. “Then…I must see my family. Then, and only then, can I go to the safe home.”“As you wish, Senator,” he murmurs. He adorns his face with a smirk.Queen Jamillia is the best Padmé could have hoped for in a successor. Had the Queen not asked her to serve as Senator, Padmé is certain she would have offered herself. “I am glad you have returned to us, Padmé,” says Queen Jamillia. “I cannot imagine who we would send as a representative fr Naboo. Chancellor Palpatine is too twined with his duty as Chancellor to have time to worry about his home planet.”They share the same opinion on Palpatine, but Jamillia cannot voice it here for all to hear (Valorum had, despite the baseless rumour, few enemies. Palpatine’s rise to stardom was, at the very least, abrupt. He had not been as popular within the senate, not before his becoming Chancellor).The Naberrie family is glad to have their daughter once again. Sola takes one look at Anakin and raises her eyebrows at her younger sister. Once Jobal has Anakin’s full attention, Sola approaches Padmé. “He’s quite a handsome young man,” she says, “If I weren’t married…”“He’s a Jedi, Sola,” says Padmé.“So? Nothing stops you from having some fun. Nobody would know.”Anakin laughs, and Padmé’s attention shifts to him. “Look at you,” says Sola. “Both of you. You’re smitten. And you’ll be alone with him in that house.”Padmé assures her that nothing will happen. The Jedi have rules, and Padmé is unwilling to give her heart away to Anakin. Still –Still, she kisses him. She sees him clearly hurt when she says, with remorse, “I should not have done that.”Their time together is nearly a dream. They both shy away from each other’s touch; after the kiss, it feels like a risk. Still, Padmé would not trade this time even for a small fortune; this is hers to enjoy. She still dreams of him, and she feels him nearer than ever – and yet, he is so far, with fire but still subdued. She dances with him on the balcony at dusk, hums lullabies for their steps. He points the stars and their systems to her, spins tales of battles and of peace.He speaks easily of wars, as if they’ve glided away from him. Padmé has seen but one battle, and she’d rather not have a war. They visit the nearby lake, with its small town. The people laugh with them and let them taste small things; Anakin has lived mostly off of rations all this time. Padmé delights in his reactions.He nearly kisses her, when they sit by the lake. She leans in; she burns with desire, but a small child interrupts them by falling into the water. Anakin turns away, and once he’s assessed the situation, he dives in after the boy. The child is but three, and has not yet learnt to swim properly, so Anakin must carry him to his parents, who dry him off and thank the Jedi profusely. Padmé’s fingers brush against the smooth metal of Anakin’s lightsaber; he’s thrown it next to her just a moment earlier. She helps him dry off, and hopes she never has to see him shirtless again.The child visits them again, and it strikes her that he has the same blue eyes as Anakin. She taps the child's nose and gives him a quick kiss; if ever she could have had a child with Anakin, she would want one with those eyes.“We’d be living a lie,” she argues much later. She loves him. She loves him, this romantic fool of a man. He would go to war for her, catch the stars and bring them to her. They are doomed. “Could you do that, Ani?”“No,” he says. She sees the lie quiver on his tongue. He could, and so could she, but she’s too much of a coward to admit to it.Anakin has nightmares that night, and Padmé could not agree more when he says he has no choice. It’s not a choice; if he had not already decided to go, she would have dragged him to Tatooine herself. She holds no love for that planet – too much desert sand, no moisture, and the slaves. Tatooine has its charm, though, and it is the place Anakin was born and raised. She sees its roughness and beauty in him still, but he no longer belongs to these sandy dunes.During their days in the fields of Naboo, Anakin had told her that Shmi Skywalker had gone back to Tatooine and married a moisture farmer named Cliegg Lars. “She is happiest there,” he says. “She couldn’t stand the fullness of the city.” He smiles. “I have a stepbrother, Owen. I have a family there.” He visits them when Obi-Wan allows him the time.Padmé’s heart stutters when she hears Shmi is a victim of the Tusken Raiders. Anakin had once told her about those too, and in that second, she is certain Shmi Lars is no more. She fears for Anakin too – his set jaw indicates he intends to go after the sand people, perhaps slaughter them all in his wake.She holds him, briefly. “Do not judge them harshly.” She whispers. “Show mercy, kindness. Show them humility, Ani. For Shmi. For you.”He returns with Shmi still alive, though her wounds are nearly fatal. He does not, however, linger at his mother’s side; he is restless. Padmé resolves to be his anchor then, her heart be damned.“I killed the men.” Anakin murmurs. “I killed the fathers. The mothers and children still live but –“ He can barely breath; she hold him until he finds his center again. “She could have died. I could have lost her.”“You haven’t.” Says Padmé “She still lives, as do you.”But an hour later, Artoo brings them Obi-Wan’s message. She knows immediately, without reaching for the ship’s map, that they’re much closer to Geonosis. Suddenly, with a direct order, Anakin is frozen; he’s brought Padmé much closer to danger than he was allowed, and though the Jedi Council has yet to reprimand him, they both know the Council merely overlooked it on the basis that he successfully received and transmitted his Master’s call.“No,” says Padmé. “He gave you a direct order to protect me.” And she will go to Geonosis no matter the cost. They cannot leave Obi-Wan in the clutches of Tyranus, even if they must go in without a proper plan.The factory will haunt her nightmares for months to come. As it is, she calmly assesses the situation and decides that if she must die today, Anakin at her side, then she cannot leave without telling him everything.“I’m not afraid to die,” She murmurs. She holds his gaze. “I have been dying a little each day since you came back into my life.” His voice trembles in answer, “You love me?” and she grieves for the time they have lost.“I truly, deeply, love you.”This kiss is more bittersweet than the first, with dry lips, sand surrounding them at all sides, and a cheering crowd waiting for their painful deaths. This kiss, much like the other, is little more than a furtive press of lips, and Padmé wishes she could swallow Anakin’s heart right there – Force knows he wants to give it to her.Master Kenobi watches them, sarcasm dripping from every pore on his body. He doesn’t seem to have quite decided whether he is angry, or disappointed. “I was beginning to wonder if you’d gotten my message.”“I retransmitted it just as you’d requested, Master,” says Anakin. “Then we decided to come and rescue you.”Obi-Wan looks up at the chains, or perhaps the sky. “Good job.”The monsters approach slowly, but Padmé keeps her calm. She didn’t bring those pins and lock-picks for naught.“Just relax.” Says Obi-Wan to Anakin. “And concentrate.”“What about Padmé?”Padmé, halfway up the pole, hears the dry, “She seems to be on top of things.”She does not count on the rabid beast scratching her back, but she cannot care for the spilling of her blood in this instance. She must survive this. The appearance of the other Jedi is a relief – but then it becomes chaos. She cannot believe Anakin revels in these kinds of battles.It is, however, when Master Yoda appears with the clone army, that she realises something much more tragic has occurred with the Senate (she hears, later, that Jar Jar had proposed to hand emergency powers to Palpatine, in her absence. She hasn’t the energy to offer a rebuke, or even choke him, but she wants to spend hours screaming). The clone army is effective, brutal.She is reminded of why she had voted against this act. There’s open war.She runs to the hangar, finds her favourite two Jedi worn out and wounded. She rushes to Anakin, hoping she isn’t too obvious, but her worry spills over him – he’s lost his arm. She sees it before her then, his golden arm.Dooku is gone, a concern for another time.At the temple, Obi-Wan pulls Anakin aside. “The Council wants you to take the Senator back to Naboo,” Obi-Wan says. Anakin nods; his eyes glaze over. He sees the opportunity given to him. Obi-Wan pulls at his arm before he can walk away. “If you truly intend to marry her, do it now, do it quickly. Most of all, it has to be small, quiet.”Anakin’s eyes widen. He sees that Obi-Wan intends to keep his secret, bring it down with him to the grave. He lets Anakin go.They marry at dusk, with only their droids to record the ceremony. The Naberrie family is not there, doesn’t know. Padmé wouldn’t know how to explain it, how she feels the urge to keep Anakin grounded. She sends a note to Sola, with a simple you were right. Sola, perhaps, may come to solve the puzzle.Anakin has never seen Padmé look so radiant, dressed in white, standing in the light of a setting sun. He only has his Jedi robes, but he cannot enter this marriage as anything other than a Jedi (soon, too soon, he will be a knight. He is not ready, and it is in this moment that it is most clear to him how unprepared he is. He does not regret his marriage).Padmé holds unto Anakin as if she might lose him any moment. They have but a week for their honeymoon, until Anakin returns to Coruscant. She will return two weeks after, and those will be two weeks she will miss him dearly.They turn to the warmth of the sun.



d'esto core ardendo
Chapter Summary
She leaves the beginnings of the Rebel Alliance in her wake.



19 BBY d'esto core ardendo(of this burning heart) From the moment they set foot on the cruiser, Anakin is certain it will crash. “Let’s be quick, then,” says Obi-Wan. They leave Artoo behind in the hangar. Anakin has some experience with rescues; the one that had changed his life most profoundly and thrown the galaxy into war had involved an arid planet, an arena, and a confession. He does not have fond memories of it, other than a fleeting kiss.They’ve sacrificed enough clones just to get to the Chancellor. Palpatine may be Anakin’s friend, but sometimes, he has the creeping thought that the man is not worth all this fuss. Still, someone has to lead the Senate.“I sense Count Dooku,” Anakin prompts. His metal arm nearly aches as he flexes his fingers; he has a score to settle with that old Sith.“I sense a trap,” says Obi-Wan.“Next move?”“Spring the trap.”He admits that perhaps cutting through the elevator is not his best move. Padmé will laugh about it when he tells her. Artoo gets the elevator to move, and Anakin has to do yet another death-defying salto to save himself from splattering over the walls. The day gets better and better.Chancellor Palpatine in that chair strikes Anakin as an odd scenario, as if it were something he should be seeing again years down the line. He rather hopes not; he’s tired of wars and rescues. He misses his wife.He’d rather hoped Dooku would appear alone.“This time we will do it together,” says Obi-Wan.“I was about to say that.”For a man of such advanced age, Count Dooku is bizarrely athletic. Anakin had not had the pleasure of watching Yoda fight Count Dooku, but he’s heard that Yoda can do some impressive acrobatics. Their current environment does not allow Obi-Wan and he such chance.Anakin defeats the Count alone.“Kill him,” Chancellor Palpatine urges.The Count’s eyes widen, and Anakin has to wonder what surprises him, the request itself, or the vicious tone Palpatine uses. He hasn’t the time to ponder it. His head feels clouded, as if the Force can no longer flow clearly through him. He shakes his head to clear it, and all he can think of is Padmé, “Do not judge them harshly,” she’d whispered. “Show mercy, kindness. Show them humility, Ani.”He’d told Palpatine about the Tusken Raiders. Perhaps he oughtn’t have.Anakin stands down. “It’s not my place.”He will somehow have to drag both Count Dooku and Obi-Wan along, and the Chancellor seems too frail to help him carry either. He has enough left in him that he can levitate Count Dooku along, and carry his Master on his back. The ship topples over at exactly the wrong time. It also levels out at precisely the wrong moment. Anakin has had his fill of this mission.At least Obi-Wan wakes, and has immediately effective remarks. All is well on that front. General Grievous is, of course, always a sight for sore eyes.Anakin realises far too late that he’s lost Count Dooku’s body. That certainly isn’t a loss to the world, but he won’t hear the end of it from the Council. The ship crashes too; there are times when Anakin wishes the Force would fail him when it comes to precognition. At least Obi-Wan can make light of it."Another happy landing."Anakin is not in the right mood for politics, but he is rather glad to see the towers and spires of Coruscant. He sees Padmé almost right away, and hopes that Bail Organa doesn’t. He has missed holding her, kissing her. She trembles in his arms, and tells him something wonderful has happened. “Ani, I’m pregnant.” Anakin’s concept of happiness changes then.“This is a happy moment,” he tells her. “The happiest moment of my life.”She wants to have the baby on Naboo, and Anakin is willing to say yes to anything at this point. He wants them safe and content. There, in the lights of Coruscant, she looks nearly as radiant as she had on Naboo, but not quite. In the three years they have been married, no one has questioned their sharing living quarters, not even Obi-Wan, and he has been in their home. He, at least, knows they’re married, but instead of telling them it was a bad idea, he’d merely remarked that the colours were somewhat bright for his taste.He dreams that night - a nightmare, of course. Padmé dies. He cannot let this come to pass, but he fears this time he will fail. His mother had lived – that had been an attack. How could he save Padmé from childbirth?He still believes their baby is a blessing, hope born amidst war. He has to hold on to this.Yoda tells him to let go – no attachment.Obi-Wan’s answer is not entirely different, but it gives Anakin some semblance of hope. “Your fear consumes you, and it could be your downfall.” He says after some time. “Love her as she is now, do not worry about later.”He does not tell Palpatine. The man already knows too much, Anakin feels claws gripping inside his ribs every time he speaks to the Chancellor. And still, as if a token of gratitude, Chancellor Palpatine nominates Anakin to be his representative on the Council. “They need you,” he says. “More than you know.”They do not make him a master.Anakin would seethe, but he’d rather remain calm, rational. This is not personal, he tells himself. This move is indeed disturbing, coming from the Chancellor. Obi-Wan had told him, years ago, about how Count Dooku had claimed the Senate to be under the power of a Sith. They had not believed it then, but they had not thought they would be at war, either.He sits down and mules it over. Obi-Wan commends his calmness, but Anakin might as well have been angry when his Master suggests he spy on Chancellor Palpatine. Anakin is confused, but above all, he is hurt.When he tells Padmé, she brings up more concerns. “What if the democracy we thought we were fighting for no longer exists and the Republic has become the very evil we are fighting to destroy?”In another universe, he would be furious. Here and now, he considers it. “You’re sounding like a separatist,” he murmurs. “It’s…possible.” He has been on the frontlines, where everything is less black and white. This war is a ball of thread unwinding itself, and it’s bringing everything down with it.They talk of moving their child permanently to Naboo. They couldn’t raise them here; it’s too obvious. As it is, Padmé runs a high risk of discovery.He meets Chancellor Palpatine that night, barely watching the fluid motions of the opera; the man knows Anakin is the Council’s intended spy. Anakin gives him half a lie: “I have to admit, my trust in them has been shaken.” His trust in everyone except Padmé is shaken. This war makes enemies of everyone, and Anakin is tired of it.Palpatine tells him of a way to overcome death. It seems too perfect.His once-Master is sent off on a mission, alone. It feels odd to watch Obi-Wan go and not have to leave with him; to Anakin it seems as if something in the fabric of the universe isn’t quite right. He needs to speak with Chancellor Palpatine, urgently –But why?It’s like a soft calling, and Anakin does not appreciate it. He does not like how Palpatine ropes him into spilling his fears.“They don’t trust you, Anakin.”Anakin realises, as the Chancellor holds his speech, that he deals with a Sith Lord, and that Count Dooku had been correct. How could the Jedi have been so blind? He refuses to be Palpatine’s pawn, even if the Chancellor truly has the power to save Padmé. None in the galaxy should have that kind of monstrous power.He feels betrayed, used. Palpatine – Sidious had used him as a puppet, pulled his strings and watched him dance. He had dared to call Anakin his friend, all the while scheming, manipulating. Anakin feels sick.Mace Windu believes him. He tells Anakin to stay behind, but Anakin is restless. Is he not the Chosen One? Is he not to bring balance to the force? What if Mace cannot defeat this Sith, after all, Anakin’s the one who has a prophecy spun about him.He needs to see Padmé.On his way to her, he feels many Jedi perish, there at the top of the Chancellor’s tower. He hurries to Padmé, and she awaits him in their living room. “Anakin, what’s happened?” She says. “What’s-‘’ She doubles over; Anakin feels it too. A ripple of dark energy passes through them, so he takes Padmé in his arms and shields her as best as he can. Something’s happened in that tower, and he needs to find out what.“Anakin,” Padme says with a tremble in her voice. “Ani, the baby…”He tries to hurry her to the medical ward, but the clones intercept them. He has to kill them to get to the hangar. He can’t concentrate on flying whilst Padmé is in pain, but at least none of the clones have followed them to space. They fly for another hour, and Padmé’s water breaks.Anakin nearly despairs, but they find Bail Organa and Master Yoda in an asteroid field. Anakin has never been happier to see that little green troll.“The clones,” Anakin pants as he carries his wife to the medical center. “the clones have killed them all. The crèche –““Dead, the crèche-lings  are,” Yoda tells him. “Few Jedi still survive.”Padmé carries twins. Anakin sinks to the floor, uncertain whether to be elated or something else entirely.“The father, you are, yes?” Yoda says solemnly.Anakin starts with denial, but cannot continue. The Jedi are dying. “I am.” Master Yoda remains quiet. Anakin goes inside, squeezes Padmé’s hand. She gives him a wan smile. Obi-Wan makes contact and arrives shortly thereafter. “Are we all that’s left?” He asks.“Not anymore,” Yoda says, with a nod to Padmé.She births twins, Luke first, then Leia. Anakin realises with a start that he is the father of two rather small, but also beautiful children. When Luke opens his eyes, they are blue. Leia is slower, but Anakin hopes her eyes are the same beautiful carnelian as their mother’s.(Another asteroid field would have been her deathbed, before Naboo becomes her grave. In that universe, she spends her dying breaths to assure Obi-Wan that Anakin still has some good in him, and years down the line her only son would have echoed her. That is not this place. In this place, Anakin stands at her side with blue eyes that hold faint amber-glowing suns. He is still a Jedi, and he is a father).Padmé sleeps for three days, whilst the Jedi consider what to do. “Hidden, safe, the children must be kept,” says Yoda. Anakin has never agreed with anything more. He does not wish Sidious to be within ten parsecs of his children. Already, he feels the Force thrum about them; he needn’t a blood exam to know they are strong with the Force.“They are too strong together,” says Obi-Wan.“Split up, they must be.” Yoda suggests.Anakin objects. “It may seem a good plan but separation may do more harm than good. They have been together their whole lives at this point. Split them up, they’ll be half as strong, yes, but they’ll also be weaker, unknowing. We don’t need Jedi children who don’t know what to do.” He takes a deep breath. “We must make it seem like Padmé died before childbirth. Padmé and I will move to the Outer Rim.” Not Tatooine. Sidious will know to look there.“You can spend a month with us, on Alderaan,” says Bail Organa, bless the man. “You will be well-hidden there, for a while. Then you can go to the Outer Rim.”Yoda nods. “Until the time is right, disappear we will.”As soon as Padmé wakes up, they board Bail’s ship to Alderaan. They cannot linger too long in Republic space, but they have time still to convene on Alderaan.“I am to die, then?” she says. “What of my family on Naboo?”Anakin hugs her. “Send them one last message, but they cannot know you and the children yet survive.” She nods.“What about you?”Anakin sighs. “I will have perished along with the other Jedi on Coruscant. Yoda is to go to the Dagobah system, and Obi-Wan to my family on Tatooine.”They spend a month and a half on Alderaan. That is where they don new aliases and create their own Separatist movement. The Galactic Republic is dead – Palpatine is not, styling himself Emperor.“The Republic will be reformed into the first Galactic Empire!” he shouts to the Senators. “For a safe and securer society.” Anakin can barely look. The Senate had proved itself ultimately useless at last, shooting itself in the heart. He could not stand their applause, their cheers.“So this is how liberty dies,” Padmé murmurs as she watches the recording on the HoloNet feed. “With thunderous applause.”Anakin calms his anger. He’s seen his reflection, after the ordeal on Coruscant. His eyes are no longer wholly blue; they now faintly glow amber at the center. (Had things gone differently, perhaps in another time, another galaxy, he would have been Sidious’ puppet, barely a Sith, not at all a Jedi. Padmé would not be here with him).He calms himself with meditation. The next day, they leave for Abridon in the Outer Rim Territories. Shortly thereafter, Anakin takes Leia with him to the forest moon Endor; Padmé stays with Luke on Abridon for a week longer. She leaves the beginnings of the Rebel Alliance in her wake.



Mi sopragiunse uno soave sonno
Chapter Summary
The children fall asleep against their parents’ chests, just before sundown.



18-17 BBY Mi sopragiunse uno soave sonno(Sweet sleep overcame me) There are brief moments, often at night, when Anakin realises that if circumstances were different, he would not be a father, a husband, a Jedi. The years he’s spent on the move between Abridon, Endor, Tatooine, and Alderaan, have lessened the grip Sidious had on his mind. Here on Abridon, the air feels clearer than on Coruscant, and it’s not the lack of industrialisation.Luke and Leia spend years running below his knees. At just a year old, Leia lifts their playing blocks, and Luke pulls them towards him. Padmé, who’s never seen the temple crèche-lings on Coruscant, doesn’t know what to make of it.“Does it always start this early?” she asks. Anakin nods, a smile spreads across his face. His children make him proudThey take the twins to Naboo once a year. Anakin is not comfortable within Imperial space, but he concedes that the children should see the planet their mother is from. They try not to go too near to the Naberrie family; they know very well there’s danger in approaching old friends and allies, especially on a planet where defences are minimal.They go to Tatooine most often, to the Lars family. This is Hutt space, in its own way more dangerous than a venture within the Empire.  Obi-Wan is there; he complains about the sun and the heat, but decides to remain nonetheless. “You can learn finesse here,” he says. “There’s only sand and sun.”“What are we to do about Sidious?” Anakin asks. He watches his mother entertain the twins; Cliegg has gone to rest now, and Owen runs the farm with Shmi and Beru. His mother had taken an hour to rebuke him for marrying and having children without informing her.“We leave Sidious be for now,” Obi-Wan answers. “Anakin,” he continues when his once-padawan bristles. “Anakin, we do not have the numbers to take on Sidious. He has an army at his command, and if the Kaminoans continue to deliver to him, there’s naught we can do.” Next to Anakin, Padmé nods.“Bail and I intend to visit them,” she says. “We need to speak with them about their arrangement. At least so we know how far it reaches.”He will not dissuade her from this. Bail Organa continues to be their Senate spy, so long as the Senate still exists. “We are all useless there,” says the governor of Alderaan. “This is, after all, an Empire. A Senate modeled for a Republic has no place here.”Padmé had been right when she’d said that the democracy they’d been fighting for no longer existed. Anakin cannot pinpoint the exact moment it had died – was it when Valorum had been assassinated? Was it when they voted for Palpatine to become Supreme Chancellor, or perhaps later, when they gave him emergency powers? It all comes down to Sidious gaining ground, power.There are rumours Sidious has an apprentice. “A puppet,” Anakin spits. “No one under him has their own free will.”Anakin intends to shape his children into Jedi, though he and Obi-Wan have put away their lightsabers. A proper Jedi attracts too much attention; Jedi should all be dead by now. Anakin had felt them all die.Padmé takes Leia with her to Kamino, whilst Anakin remains with Luke on Tatooine for another week or so. They never travel together; the risk of discovery is too high then. Luke is uncomfortable with his sister gone, but between Obi-Wan, Shmi, and Beru, they can keep him busy.“You were just as fussy as a child, Ani,” says Shmi. “I’m surprised at how calm Leia is.”“She’s Padmé’s daughter.” Leia would make an excellent politician, if politics still held any worth at all. Padmé says she’ll make sure both her children know the value of democracy, if only through the example the Empire sets as a dictatorship. Between her kisses and her lullabies, she speaks to them of laws ad justice, of fairness and the failures of a too grand Old Republic.Anakin finds crystals while he hunts on Rishi; he takes them back to Tatooine for Obi-Wan to see. His once-Master glances at Luke sleeping against his father’s back, and says “These should do.” They make two new hilts from scrap metal picked in the junkyard of Mos Espa, and within the day they have brand new lightsabers.Two days later, Anakin leaves for Kamino to pick up Padmé. Luke remains with Obi-Wan. Anakin has missed Padmé and Leia, their gentle presence in the Force. He may be a proponent of ‘aggressive negotiations’ but he’s had enough of those to spare him a lifetime.“The Kaminoans have struck a deal with us,” Padmé tells him as he rocks Leia to sleep. Leia fights him all the way; she too has missed her father. “They are under Imperial control, which they resent. We suggested they grow enough unaltered clones to use against their captors.”It will take time, but it ought work. Bail told the Kaminoans they could keep that army if they wished, and while Anakin does not fully agree, he comes to see the reason soon enough. A clone army had been the downfall of the Republic; Padmé is not about to let another such army be the downfall of the Rebel Alliance.Whilst Bail and Padmé cruise the galaxy to gather more allies for the Rebellion, Anakin returns to Abridon. They have a home by a lake in a valley, well-hidden from view. They’d slowly imported the luxuries similar to those they’d had on Coruscant, but their home maintains a rustic appearance. Anakin never quite imagine he’d like the woods, the wilderness, but it’s quiet here.He practices – meditation, katas, and refinements to his precognition. Obi-Wan had often said how proficient Qui-Gon Jinn had been in feeling the Living Force; Anakin hasn’t the time for thinking in dualisms. To him, there is simply the Force, whether it lives or unifies is not for him to decide. His children crawl in his lap as he meditates, so when he’s done he kisses both on their heads.Padmé returns early, a full month before Luke and Leia turn two. Leia has already learnt to say “Mama!” whenever she demands Padmé’s attention; Luke in contrast, has different squeals for the parent he wants to see.“They’re growing so fast, Ani,” Padmé says as they watch Leia toddle about. Her steps have become steadier in the time Padmé has been away. Luke has decided that if walking means falling, he’d rather not try it. His look says he thinks his parents ask too much.She cradles Luke against her chest; she hasn’t seen him the longest, her precious son. She still remembers her wish that a child of hers and Anakin have blue eyes; she tells Anakin of it now and he laughs. “I wished Leia to have your beautiful eyes.” Leia turns to look at them. Anakin picks her up and kisses her round cheeks. “Da!” she says.With a sudden burst of energy, Luke repeats the same word. Anakin approaches and takes Luke’s tiny hand. Leia quite suddenly puts her hand against Luke’s mouth, and he makes quieter noises.The children fall asleep against their parents’ chests, just before sundown.



E pensando di lei
Chapter Summary
They stand in shadows and bide their time.
Chapter Notes
The saga continues



0 BBY E pensando di lei(And thinking of her) For all that Leia takes after her mother, she does like Tatooine. Padmé has few fond memories of the desert planet, but Leia’s childhood is marked there. Luke stays behind with their father and mother; Leia takes a starship to Alderaan, where Bail and Breha Organa wait for her. She takes Artoo along with her, secure that the battle-plans for the Death Star are safe with the droid. Somehow Threepio manages to stumble on board, even if for this mission they have no use for a protocol droid. His chatter fills time.She wants to see her mother, but she is on her way to Aldera, to Queen Breha. Padmé will take a different route after she has made her venture to Dantooine. Once all three women are on Alderaan, they will speak of the Rebel Alliance’s next move. Leia quiets down a moment as they pass Tatooine; there she is Leia Lars, on this ship she is Princess Leia Organa, niece of Queen Breha Organa and ambassador to the Galactic Senate. She has donned that mantel for years now, and it suits her. Anakin had said that it’s not quite the right time yet to stand as Leia Skywalker, daughter of two suns.“A Jedi spy in the Senate,” Obi-Wan had laughed.“The Council would be livid,” Anakin had said.Anakin and Padmé will leave for Dantooine tomorrow; they had to abandon their home on Abridon for now, lest the Stormtroopers catch them there. Anakin had made sure to cloak the residence, if only because none of them wants to find it destroyed; Leia has long memories of their gardens and balconies, of the smell of fresh rain. Of Dantooine she has fewer memories; she does recall having a place there they could call home, a balcony from which they could see the stars and two moons. Luke will remain on Tatooine for now; he has ambitions to run for a seat in the Municipal Council at Anchorhead. With their mother’s teaching, Leia is certain of his success. A distress call breaks her reveries – an Empirial battleship is near, and with it a Sith. As ambassador, Leia has been near Emperor Palpatine; this is nothing like him. This is a weaker form. She turns to Artoo. “Find an escape pod, go to Luke. Ask him to find Obi-Wan Kenobi.” Luke ought to still be at the Lars homestead; wherever Obi-Wan may be, Luke can likely find him.She makes the silly mistake of getting captured, but then, she cannot reveal her Jedi training, especially not to a Sith.Assajj Ventress surveys the ship. Leia remembers her parents speaking in hushed whispers about this lady, unable to ascertain whether she had taken Anakin’s intended place as Darth Sidious’ apprentice. She is, at the very least, in the same position as Count Dooku once held.“Ventress,” Leia taunts. “I did think this had your stench all over it.”“Little Princess Leia,” Ventress’ eyes narrow. “Where have you kept the plans?”Leia breathes evenly, and prays that Artoo has landed safely on Tatooine. Her mother has taught her to lie. “What are you talking about? I am an ambassador of the Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan.”Ventress turns to her, anger surging across the Force. Leia’s shields are strong enough to hold this, but she had not expected Ventress to get riled up this quickly. “You’re one of those Alliance Rebels,” she hisses. “You will tell me where you’ve put those plans – the transmission led directly to your ship.”A Stormtrooper approaches. “Mistress,” He says, “An escape pod has just been released to Tatooine. There were no life signs aboard.”Ventress’ amber eyes nearly burn through the clone. “Droids do not show up on the scanner, you fools. Find them!”Her time spent in captivity gives her ample opportunity to study the Death Star’s strengths and weaknesses. Ventress too, has those – plenty of ire to spare, much like she sometimes feels from her father. Anakin, however, has a family to love and gain love from. Leia has heard tales of how the Jedi on Coruscant had fallen; she understands that to Anakin there is no forgiving Darth Sidious. When Ventress tortures her for answers about the Rebel base, Leia considers the thought of Anakin in Ventress’ place – a thought that chills her. Perhaps there’s a multiverse out there, and in one of them, Anakin Skywalker had crashed and burnt, Padmé Skywalker-Naberrie had not lived to sing her children lullabies, nor forged the backbone of the Rebel Alliance. Leia turns away from the thought, and meditates on her escape. Her brother should work quickly.The rescue lacks finesse, but then, Luke does have to drag Han Solo and his faithful Wookie companion along. Finesse has always been Leia’s trade; Anakin certainly leans towards more combative dealings or “negotiations with a lightsaber” as he would call it. Luke has fallen somewhere in the middle – enough patience to be a diplomat, not enough delicacy to work with the vicious fluidity of politics. That is Padmé’s terrain, and Leia has aspirations to make it her own.The Jedi dwindle. Obi-Wan and Anakin may be relics of the Old Republic, but it is still a sad sight to watch a Master go. There’d been no Jedi Council to give Anakin the title of Master; he’d claimed it for himself when his children had needed his authority. He is not here now, but he must feel his once-Master pass. Luke shouts at the top of his lungs, and Han has to push him on the Millennium Falcon.After they’ve had time to grieve their losses, Leia takes Luke aside and asks him how in the seven hells he’d gotten Han Solo to help him. Luke shrugs. “Obi-Wan did most of the bargaining. Ma and Da have gone to Dantooine – what else were we to do?”Leia remembers then, with a start, that she had named Dantooine as the planet with the Rebel base. “Dantooine is too remote to make an effective demonstration,” Tarkin had said to her. “But don't worry—we will deal with your Rebel friends soon enough.” I could have killed our parents, she tells Luke. She had needed to name a place where her heart would be at stake, a place that the Imperials could be certain would hurt her beyond anything. Dantooine is now that place. Luke shakes his head and kisses her forehead.What they have is not precisely a training bond, but rather a connection they’d worked on as children. Our parents yet live.Obi-Wan does not, nor does the entirety of Alderaan – a planet, completely obliterated. A dynasty removed from the galaxy, ripped from the Force. Leia had bowed her head in defeat, but still certain of the fact that the Rebel Alliance remained, that she could still feel her bond with her parents. Padmé in particular is shaken; Anakin merely subdues a surge of fury.(This is fundamentally how she understands her parents: Padmé, Warrior-princess of Theed, once-Queen of Naboo, an unbreakable political ally. Anakin, unshaken Jedi, son of two wrathful suns, child of prophecy. They may have shaken away some titles over the course of their lives, but a past leaves its marks, has cleaved its way to the present and will carve itself a future. Leia sees its hand-print in Luke and she).Luke is despondent, but he does answer when she speaks with him. Uncle Owen and aunt Beru have been laid to rest next to Cliegg and Shmi. Han Solo seems unmoved, but then he does make clear he’s in this for the money. With Obi-Wan gone, it’s on Princess Leia to pay for these expenses. She’s glad to be off his ship, even if Yavin 4 will soon feel the wrath of the Empire.Luke intends to fight, Leia intends to lead.Before they take the battle to the Death Star, Leia speaks to her mother. “The Kaminoans have removed the Imperial military from their planet." Padmé tells her. She looks worn, and she hasn’t changed into one of her colourful dresses; she wears a cloak atop her warrior’s outfit, and keeps her hand firm on her blaster. “That part of our strategy has succeeded.”“I am glad.” says Leia. “We have come so far, I cannot imagine failure now.”“Don’t.” Padmé closes her eyes. “Sidious has dissolved the Senate for good. Destroying the Death Star is our only hope of giving him a taste of defeat.”Leia has seen the HoloNet feed of the Emperor’s proclamation of his empire. Her parents’ bitterness at having fought only to end here is a vivid image in her mind. Mostly it’s the cheers and applause that stabs hope in the heart. Padmé shows her the HoloNet feed of Sidious dissolving the Senate; this time, there is no clapping. The Senators look about in defeat, all their power sucked away from them.Leia sighs.“What of Ventress?”“She hunts your father’s trail,” Padmé sighs. “I don’t know how she came to believe he is still alive, but if she tells the Emperor…” Padmé shakes her head. “That is a concern for another time. Please be careful, dear heart.”Luke is, perhaps, still somewhat sore that his run for a Municipal Council seat was interrupted. “Anything for you sister, but Force does the Empire have horrid timing.” He’s ready for a fight, especially when she confesses she’s been tortured.Han leaves; Leia is unsurprised, but Luke seems upset. Whatever amicable relationship he has struck with the smuggler has left some grooves in him. Luke, much like Padmé, sees the good in people to the last moment. Leia has no such illusions (secretly, she always refers to her brother as Luke Naberrie. She is their father’s darling daughter, and he is their mother’s prodigal son). She has some sort of trust in Han Solo, likely a trace of Luke’s faith. Solo will return before the battle’s done, the Force whispers to her.“This is a long war.” Leia murmurs in return. She’s lost many uncles, many loved ones, many unknown darlings, to this war. She will lose more in the years to come, but the Empire must come crashing down.The Death Star’s approach to Yavin 4 is ominous to watch. Leia hears Obi-Wan’s echoed the force is with you, always, and she keeps her breaths even. They will succeed.The battle is frightful. Leia is uncertain she wants to sacrifice her brother to this cause, but fate has unwound itself for this moment – the Force has never been as clear as in this moment. She has to listen to many deaths; in her mind’s eye, the Force shows her small galaxies snuffed out after each brilliant explosion. This is the vision for years to come, but the alternative is many more galaxies dying slowly under the yoke of tyranny.When Luke turns his systems off, Leia takes a deep breath, assured of Victory. The time is now. They can no longer hide from the Emperor, both she and Luke will become too strong in the Force, as the Jedi wane. Her father too, is unable to keep his connection to the Force fettered under shields, he struggles with every breath. The Skywalker family must return from their exile, albeit slowly.Leia turns to the window, where the stars glitter like gems. “Luke,” she says, and points. The blow that destroys the Death Star reverberates through her body. This has been a battle won, and a war begun.(And her parents had many tales of the Clone Wars, a time when she and Luke had not yet been born. The end of it had meant the brutal extinction of the Jedi Order and the death of a Republic. Padmé has less words of battle than Anakin does; she is a warrior, yes, but she fights with a different kind of zeal, the same goal in sight).Luke and Han receive medals. High up on the dais, Leia sees Anakin frown from his shadowed position. “You deserve that medal far more than Han Solo,” He’d told her earlier. “He gets a medal for leaving and returning at the last moment. You should receive one for the work you put in this rebellion.” She’d calmly stared him down until his feathers were no longer so ruffled. He is proud of her; that is her medal.Still, it is an odd experience to place that medal on Luke’s chest. He beams a smile at her, and she remembers that here she is once again Princess Leia Organa, last surviving heiress of a dynasty in shambles. He is Luke Lars-Skywalker, last remaining son of Cliegg Lars and Shmi Lars-Skywalker. She is not his sister, he is not her brother.Here, Padmé and Anakin Skywalker have been laid to rest on their respective home-planets. They never raised two strong children, never kissed them goodnight. They stand in shadows and bide their time.



Lei paventosa
Chapter Summary
Tatooine still feels like home.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




3 ABY Lei paventosa(She trembling) Hoth is, quite tragically, much like Tatooine. Luke and Leia settle nicely on the snowy planet; they both understand the rule of deserts and wastes: the extremes will try to kill you unless you, too, are ruthless. Leia tells Luke they’ll not linger for longer than three months. He nods once and winces when he sees how the patrols have been scheduled.Anakin arrives a month later. He doesn’t like the cold, “You’d understand if you had a metal arm.” He looks at Luke for a brief moment, then laughs. “Go on those patrols, kid. We all have to play our part.”As Arden Lars, he is strictly here to survey the ships; next to Luke, he is the best pilot they have, and the best mechanic. Her father has gotten more restless since last she saw him, but he merely mutters that he’s only just managed to get Ventress off his back. “She’s returned to Sidious for now. I’m certain she’s not his apprentice, but someone is.”Han, observant as ever, points out Luke’s likeness to Anakin. “Are they brothers?” Anakin, for some reason, still passes for younger than he is.Leia’s brows rise, and she breathes deeply. “They haven’t said. Perhaps they are cousins.” Something vicious stirs in her; Luke is her brother. The secrecy has begun to chafe; she has never been free to speak of her family, of days spent in the sandy dunes of Tatooine, of Abridon’s green forests, of the rain and mud she’d played in as a child. She can’t speak of her loving, doting, Jedi father, not of her kind, cunning mother.The time she spends with Anakin is dedicated to reviewing their position, their plans. The destruction of the Death Star had caused the Emperor some harm, though he remains strongly on his blood-forged throne. They speak to Padmé as she leads the second batch of unaltered Kaminoan clones to battle.“Mon Mothma should be on her way to you.” Padmé tells them.“She can’t!” Leia says. “We’ll be discovered soon; mother, tell her to return with you.”“I’ll intercept her ship,” says Anakin. He frowns. “Watch your brother…Force knows he’ll get caught in a blizzard one of these days.”As it happens, it’s whatever kind of snow-troll lives on this blasted winter-planet. Leia’s filled with enough tensions and anxieties as it is – and then there’s Han Solo pressing her to confess her feelings. She has a brother to worry about, and Luke has to spend three days in a bacta tank to recover. Chewbacca, at least, shares her distress, when Han is not busy shouting at him about ship repairs. Anakin returns a day after that, Mon Mothma safely stowed away in a fringe Rebel base.“Oh,” he mutters when he sees Luke. “These are the times when I hate being right.” Luke is still too dazed to react to anything properly.Anakin snickers in his corner when Leia snarls at Han to back off; she’s tired of his failed attempts at flirting. He’s not ready, the Force tells her, seek elsewhere. Han Solo is still a churlish child; Leia has no time for him, not until he matures into something worthy – less of a scoundrel, more of an honourable person.(In some forgotten universe, she kisses Luke. Here, she does not, in the firm belief that this is her brother, and she already loves him. There’s no need to prove anything. She does drag him away with her to get answers out of him).Luke, once he leaves his shell, speaks of Obi-Wan, of completing their training as Jedi. Luke, as the only and last known Jedi of the galaxy, must go alone. The planet Obi-Wan names is far in the Outer Rim.“Dagobah?” says Anakin. His chuckle becomes a laugh.“What of it?”Anakin mutters something Leia supposes sounds rather suspiciously like little green trolls, but she’s not entirely certain she caught that right. Luke continues to be confused, but Anakin does not supply them with anything more substantial. He hugs them both; pressed against his chest, Leia closes her eyes and listens to his heart beat. He’s distracted when the Empire strikes them, and they must all leave.Somehow, in staying behind to the last moment, Leia ends up aboard the Millennium Falcon. Naturally, something is broken on the ship, and as they float through the asteroid field she is certain will slaughter them, she uses all the skills her father has passed on to her to fix the mess.“You never said you were a mechanic,” Han says. He leans against the door, but she pays him no mind. There’s a circuit that wants to be her enemy, and she will subdue it and drive it into its place if it’s the last thing she does. She is not meant to stay here; elsewhere, Luke trains to become the next generation of Jedi Knight. She had elected to learn from him and their father instead, in her own time.“I learnt from the best,” she admits. She thinks of Anakin at home on Abridon, of him in their small shop on Dantooine; so far from galactic traffic, the small communities had need of people with skill. When he wasn’t practicing, her father worked on all sorts of things, from droid projects to speeders. “But you never did ask if the ‘princess’ knew how to work a ship.”“Well don’t get touchy, your worship,” he says. She raises a sardonic brow but the circuit distracts her – finally that dreadful thing moves into place. But that’s when the ship rocks and Leia is certain the place crawls with organic beings.Luke sends her an image of a swamp; she feels sorrier for him than for her own situation. She knows the exact moment Luke realises the small green creature is Master Yoda, and with a sudden pitched sound she tells him, That’s what father meant with little green trolls. Luke covers his face with his hands.The creepy-crawlers and their attempt to eat the Falcon does not quite prepare her for having landed in an asteroid worm, but she supposes things can only get better from here. The flaw in Han is that, unlike her brother and father, he is weak in the Force, and refuses to believe it is something at all. When she tells him, “A bounty-hunter follows us,” he merely smirks.“Not this ship, baby.”Of course, she hasn’t clarified that she’d gotten her information from the Force, but she’s in no mood to be called hysterical.She takes a deep breath and lets fate unfold. They land safe enough on Cloud City, but every step she takes there screams of wrongness. The Force urges her to leave; instead she sits down and watches the pink clouds outside. She meditates briefly, connects with Luke and lets the knowledge he has gained since Hoth stream into her. Whatever comes, she can fight with more certainty.When she sees Lando, her first thought is oh no, there’s another of him. In the Dagobah system, Luke throws back his head and laughs. It means of course, that Yoda gets to hit him with his cane for his loss of focus. Leia has some mild bruises on her arms, but her billowing sleeves hide them.“I don’t trust Lando Calrissian.” She tells Han with an even voice. He touches her arm as if that should calm her.“Well, I don’t trust him either, but he’s my friend.”She feels rather keenly how odd and misshapen Han’s concept of friendship is. Leia does not tell him this, nor does she bring up the myriad of concerns that have risen now that they are in Cloud City. Unfortunately, she cannot speak with either her mother or her father on the comms here; with Boba Fett present in the city, she could give away their continued existence and their location. The time is near, but not ripe.They’ve walked into a trap, of course. Boba Fett is here to take Han to Jabba. She could have told him how contracts with the Hutts end, but Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan is not supposed to be aware of how life goes on Tatooine.She sighs deeply when Chewbacca shows her Threepio in pieces. They wait for Han to be thrown in this cell with them. Leia is aware this is a trap for her brother. Anakin has muttered that Ventress is out for Skywalker blood; after the destruction of the Death Star, Luke had clearly identified himself as a Skywalker. Anakin wanders about as a wayward Naberrie, sometimes, Lars, but it will not keep long.Leia may not like Han Solo, but she would not wish for him to be carbon-frozen. Ventress does not look entirely pleased; much of the tension in the room and the Force flows from her. Leia shuts her eyes briefly and breathes. She holds a short conversation with Anakin before she opens her eyes once more. Han looks at her, says, “I love you.”“I know.”She knows he believes he’s in love, knows he thinks this will win her heart. It does not. She merely knows he wants to kiss her, and she will not allow him. (On some other Cloud City, mimicking this one, she is the one to admit her love. This is not that Cloud City; here, Leia has kept her heart tucked safely away. Han is not deserving of it yet).Chewbacca howls as they watch Han submerge. He emerges frozen, almost as if he’s reaching out.Ventress preens, gives away Han to Boba Fett. As Luke nears, called by premonition, Leia whispers it’s a trap, and hopes that when Asajj Ventress intercepts him, he will have prepared enough. This is a risk; there’s always risks. Trusting Lando for a second time is a risk, but the Force guides her down this path. She just has to convince Chewie not to choke the man.As they fight their way to the Falcon, Luke loses a hand in his duel. Leia hears Ventress’ scream: Skywalker lives; it nearly deafens her mind completely. Leia falls to her knees and is unable to run; Lando has to carry her aboard the ship as she recovers from the hit, one she cannot explain to him properly. She cradles her hand, still attached – Luke’s is not.“Turn around,” she tells Lando. “I know where Luke is.”Of course she does, always, but Lando does not understand. She guides the ship to the centre of distress, and Lando catches her brother. She puts her plans for Han’s fate aside; her brother is a more pressing priority.(At the same moment, in a galaxy far, far away, the hyper-drive fails them much as Lando has failed his promises. In this universe, however, Leia is smarter than that. When she tells Han that she does not trust Lando Calrissian, she means every word and inflection. She is her father’s daughter; she means to leave this city and never look back at it. If she has to knock out some of Lando’s workers and use Jedi mind-tricks on them, then she does).Anakin intercepts them and leads them to a Medical Frigate. He takes one look at Luke’s missing hand and shakes his head. “I need to stop prophesising.” Leia cannot help but to reflect how father and son mirror each other, as if the Force itself were leading them through several similar twists.“You were not ready to face Ventress,” says Anakin. “She could very well be Sidious’ apprentice, and I remember what Obi-Wan told me about Maul…”Luke shakes his head. “Darth Sidious has no apprentice.” He says. He winces as the last wires connect his nerves to his synthetic hand. “Dooku trained her, yes, but she is no Sith. I felt her disappointment, her resentment.”“What is Sidious waiting for then? What’s he using her for?”Anakin looks to the nebula – a look Leia does not like. At times she fears what her father could have become (a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, where mothers die and she has no brother for the longest time). “Like Dooku, she is a placeholder,” Anakin says. “I have a bad feeling about this.”“Whose place is she holding, then?”He lies, “I don’t know.” But he glances at his children.Mon Mothma is there to speak with them, as is Padmé. Their mother cannot stop herself from hugging both her children, and it is in that moment that Mon Mothma looks at them with wonder. She says nothing.“We must get Han,” says Luke.Anakin nods pensively. “It’ll be difficult, but if that Calrissian fellow goes first, if we infiltrate Jabba’s ranks…”“I don’t like this, Ani,” says Padmé.“We can’t leave Solo with Jabba the Hutt,” Anakin says. “He’s our ally.” He grimaces. “Look, I don’t like rescues either; I have a bad track record when it comes to it, but Solo honestly does not deserve to be left with a Hutt.”“This will take months to prepare,” says Leia, “and some months more to execute. We cannot move quickly when it comes to an infiltration.”Padmé sighs. “Mon and I will go ahead to the fleet amassing near Sullust. You three,” she points to her husband and children. “Come back to me. In one piece.” She gives Luke a pointed look, and then gives each of them a kiss.“You cannot go to Jabba’s palace,” Leia says to Anakin. “Tatooine is a death sentence for you.” Force knows how her father had gotten himself tied up in Hutt business, but now he has a bounty on his head. For him to enter the lion’s den would be suicide.He makes a pained face, but acquiesces. “I have plans to hunt Ventress – can’t let her walk free when she’s hurt my son.” He sits down. “But first I must help you with this operation. We must be careful.”The Force shrouds itself; for a time it seems it won’t lift. The uncertainty nearly devours Leia’s resolve, and Luke grows restless, like something in his bones isn’t quite right.Tatooine still feels like home.



Chapter End Notes
It's not truly Star Wars until someone has bad feelings about something.


Io sono in pace, Cor meum
Chapter Summary
Fireworks spread across many skies, the galaxy rejoices.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




4 ABY Io sono in pace, Cor meum(I am at peace, my heart) Before they land on Tatooine, Anakin gives both of them lightsabers of their own. They have to choose; Leia immediately takes the blue one, which leaves Luke with the green one. He is content. They stay in Mos Eisley for a week; Luke sends the droids ahead when they stop hearing from Lando.Leia often wanders to the markets; Luke sees her constructing the character she intends to play – the look, the mannerisms, the right tone of voice. She moves her mouth in silence, shapes them around the words she must learn. She sighs at small errors and begins anew; this cannot go wrong at any turn (they both know it will. It always does). She tells Chewbacca she is sorry for whatever she will have to do to convince Jabba.Luke hums lullabies Padmé used to sing to them as small children. Tatooine feels like home, but a burnt and dilapidated one. The magic of it is gone and it has left bare bones in its wake. Tatooine has never looked as empty as it does in this fleeting moment. They rent an apartment together, but it barely has space enough for both of them, let alone them with a Wookie. “We won’t be staying long,” Luke says.“No,” Leia concurs. Chewbacca growls soft and deep.The droids are now Jabba’s. Leia waits a day or two before she sets off with Chewbacca. Luke squeezes her hand, and once her figure has disappeared from the horizon, slips into a meditative state. He reaches for every grain of sand, just as Obi-Wan had taught him.(Years earlier, as a boy of five, Luke had watched Anakin as he stood in the rain in nothing but a flannel shirt and dark brown pants. Anakin had touched every raindrop in a circle around him, and held them in their position. Leia and Luke had promised each other that whomever would learn to do it first would teach the other, but as it happened, the knowledge passed through to them at the same moment. Years of practice later, Leia can do it more beautifully with rain. Luke still prefers sand).Leia informs him wryly that she’s been captured, and that Han still has delusions of loving her. Luke laughs softly and plans his entrance. Leia supplies him with images aplenty, some of them with an edge of resentment.She’s right too, when she warns him that Jabba is not weak-willed. He still tries; Threepio tells him too late that he stands on a trap. Leia gleefully tells him that yes, your day can certainly get worse.Leia is small, vicious and tucked against Jabba’s slimy body. She’s plotting his slow and painful demise as Luke kills the monster trapped below. Soon, the Force tells them. Not soon enough, Leia says. Luke cannot blame her; Leia has never been more vulnerable than this very moment, in a place filled with dirt, drugs, and death. Their execution cannot come quick enough.He looks at the sand dunes as they pass by, ever-changing. “I used to live here, you know?” he says to Han, almost wistful. He’s not certain whether it’s to break the tremulous core within him, or whether Han’s unnerved stance bothers him. The man is blind, after all. Chewbacca makes soft noises behind them.“You’ll die here, you know?” Han states. “Convenient.”Han’s lack of faith in both Luke and the Force does not offend him (but in a different galaxy, a different universe, Darth Vader chokes a man to death because he finds his “lack of faith disturbing.” On this version of Tatooine, Darth Vader does not exist; Anakin remains, caught on some distant planet in a duel with Asajj Ventress, who in another place would be dead).Leia counts along with Luke as their plan blooms, and bodies fall away before him. Some things had gone wrong, but others had gone just right. Leia murders Jabba with ice in her heart; she’s had enough of slavery, enough of this dastardly green worm. Perhaps one day she will wash away the very idea that Jabba the Hutt had once touched her, held her back with a chain.She’s glad enough now to simply watch the wreckage that holds his corpse burn.Luke takes her along to Dagobah, where Yoda speaks of eternal sleep. Somewhere else in the universe, Anakin has finally killed Asajj Ventress. Leia listens to the rain, but has no need to slow it down. “Darth Sidious is losing his puppets.”“No one to hold the apprentices place, there is.” Says Yoda quietly. “Search for one, he will. Face him, you must.”“You told Luke he was not ready for Ventress,” Leia says. Anakin had told them the same but a year ago. “Now we must face the Sith Lord himself?”Yoda looks at her directly. “Complete, your training is.”These old Jedi, these relics, have never said clear things. Luke realises that this would have been the very thing that would lead Anakin Skywalker to Fall; his father would have been a Sith, and all the hope would have rested on Leia and he. As it is, Anakin runs a high risk of Falling; his eyes have become more and more amber with every year.Anakin had laughed once. “The Jedi speak as if things are always a clear line – fear leads to anger, anger leads to hatred, hatred leads to suffering. My anger feeds on my love, my suffering bleeds from trust.” Their mother keeps him anchored, but even she may one day die.Three days later, Yoda passes. They must return to the Rebel Alliance ship soon, and there’s no body to bury. Still, Yoda’s tiny house reveals many mementos of a time long passed. Leia cradles them in her arms as she carries them aboard their small ship.They return to Alliance fleet, not quite ready, but at least prepared. They’ve missed Mon Mothma’s briefing, but once they’ve decided to join the mission, Han explains it to them as best he can.“Where’ve you two been, and why are you dressed in black?”Luke wants to say they’re grieving, but that would be a filthy lie (Master Yoda does not want their grief). Leia has always dressed in white and Luke in beige. Now they have stepped together in knighthood, much as night follows after twilight.“We have sorted our past,” says Luke, “Now we walk to our future.”Han briefly shakes his head, but still smirks. “Sure, kid.”They have no time to speak with their mother; but she sends a message wishing them luck. Leia mutters that Padmé will have to join them later, then shuts down the hologram.Luke and she both gaze at the forest moon of Endor, not quite able to recall the hours spent there. The Empire had built their station shortly after the Skywalkers had left (in a hurry, as Stormtroopers approached, and their children still slept soundly). Luke does not remember the creatures that dwell here, but Leia promptly sends him the blurry image of brown fur surrounded by large green leaves.Their strike team gets separated within two hours of landing. The speeder chase has Luke’s blood pumping (on another moon he fails to find Leia. In this forest, he merely asks Leia where she is, and leads his team right to the Ewok village).As Threepio spins a tale of heroes, Leia and he feel a surge of fury from Anakin; then, he simply drops their connection. Startled, Luke goes outside.Their father has Fallen.“Sidious has him,” Luke says. Leia must sense it too.“I will go with you.”“No,” Luke says. He turns towards her, holds her hand. “No. Send for Ma, but do not follow me yet. You must arrive together; the time has come.”Leia ceases any protest she may have mustered; now, she considers his words. She lays a kiss on his cheek before Luke goes, and does not bow her head in grief, nor in confusion. Her place in this galaxy remains unshaken, and now she can reclaim her birth right. She is Leia Skywalker.(On another world, Leia Organa asks Han to hold her. On that other world, he would have said he loved her. On this Endor, she looks at him dead in the eye and says, “The time has come.” He does not understand, but she doesn’t need him to).Luke finds the nearest Stormtroopers and gives them his only weapon – a gift from his father. Anakin waits for him there, clad in black (and elsewhere he would have been half-machine, his face hidden behind a shining mask, and his breaths obvious for everyone to hear. With his last breaths, he would have asked his son to take the helmet off, “I want to see you with my own eyes.” That is a father Luke cannot save from death, but builds a pyre for). Anakin’s eyes are fully amber, a change his hood cannot hide.Luke does not feel sorrow. “You will not betray me, father.”Anakin merely smiles.The Alliance fleet still flies into a trap, this never changes. This is how Sidious has roped Anakin into the mantel of Darth Vader at last; Padmé’s life is at stake, along with that of their children. Luke turns away from Sidious’ taunts, back straight, and watches the destruction. Padmé Skywalker is not on that ship, Leia informs him. There isn’t a secure way of alerting Anakin to this fact.Sidious has somehow come to the conclusion that he no longer has the need for an older, stronger, wiser Anakin. This version of Anakin has shaped himself into a worthy adversary, and Darth Sidious cannot have the Chosen One wander about uncontrolled. Darth Vader is a temporary construct, to be replaced with a younger, more supple and malleable apprentice.“I am a Jedi,” Luke tells Sidious, “Like my father before me, like my mother and my sister.” He watches, serenely, how Sidious’ yellow eyes widen. Somehow, the man had still been certain that Padmé had died, that Luke had been Anakin’s only child. He certainly would not have imagined the once-Queen to appear behind her son, to wield a lightsaber. “Did you think we had been idle?” She says. “The Jedi Order was defeated because of idleness. We will not fall with the same error.”(Luke remembers practicing with their mother. She is a ruthless warrior as much as she is a loving mother – terrifying, summed in one word. And still, she’d always fallen into Anakin’s arms, laughing at him).(She does not laugh now).Anakin does not let them go near Sidious; the Emperor watches with glee as the Skywalker family duels each other. I wouldn’t call this a duel, says Leia. She pushes her feet from a wall in order to twist in the air. She lands on her two feet behind their father, but he dodges when she swings. She’s right. They’ve trained with each other, know every trick, every turn, every movement, and every kick. Anakin fights with unleashed wrath, and out there in space the Alliance fleet nears their slaughter.One unexpected turn from Padmé leaves her vulnerable, but Anakin does not cleave her with his lightsaber like he could. He gathers the Force and chokes her (a timeline far away sees this occur on Mustafar, where she still carries her children). She pleads, “Anakin, please.” Her heart does not break nor strain; she had twenty-six years to love him and call him her husband, to raise their children across the expanse of the galaxy.When he lets her go, her limp body falls to the floor and remains unmoved. What remains are two young Jedi, one Sith Lord, and a Fallen Jedi Master. Anakin approaches them carefully but Luke trembles with unabated fury. Together with Leia (ice-cold calm, and under it a blazing flame), they subdue their father, and for a brief moment Luke believes he sees blue eyes look up at him.Sidious’ laugh creeps up their spine.“Good,” he says, “Good.” He wants them both to join him; he sees, like Anakin had a mere hour after their birth, that they cannot be separated. It would be folly, and one cannot die whilst the other survives. There is no use for an apprentice broken before their time.“We will not kill him,” says Leia. “We will not become Sith.”“Then you will die.”They fall together, backs against the cold metal of the railing. Anakin rises, untouched by Force Lighting. Their pain intensifies as Sidious nears, and tears spring from the corner of Luke’s eyes. “Father, please.”Anakin’s saber falls. He looks to Padmé’s body.“Da,” says Leia. “Da, please.”(She’d always said that first, and had Luke repeat after her. Anakin remembers). Every cell in their bodies screams at their father, and he’s always listened. The Force is strong with my family.It is not without great effort that Anakin finally throws Sidious down to the abyss – an ignoble end to a treacherous man, if he could be called a man. “Go,” says Anakin once he’s made sure they are alright. “The Alliance will destroy the Death Star soon. I will carry your mother.” (A long time ago, Luke would have carried his dying father. Not this time).They hurry to the hangar, their parents close behind them. Anakin boards first; Luke and Leia are the rear-guard in case any Stormtroopers or droids decide to make trouble. They’re too busy running. Padmé still breathes, though shallowly. She sleeps against Anakin’s chest as they fly away from the flames that engulf the Death Star and does not open her eyes until they are a safe distance away.“It’s finally gone,” says Anakin. “Whatever hold he had on me perished with him and his Empire.” The amber ring in his eyes will be the only memento.The Alliance fleet leaves to spread the message, but the Skywalkers return to the moon of Endor. The Ewoks do not wait on them to start their celebration; when Luke and Leia arrive, dusk has settled in and a bonfire has been lit (on another moon, it would have been a pyre for a lost father). Leia watches Luke wander through the crowd of Ewoks; their parents have made their nest somewhere on the other side. Padmé, who is now awake, points at the stars.“You love him don’t you?” Han says to Leia. She looks at him, puzzled. Of course I do.“Well, yes.” She says. Her tone emphasises that this is natural; she’s had twenty-three years to love Luke. Before Han jumps to silly conclusions, she continues. “He’s my brother.”Han does not demand an explanation now, nor does she intend to give one. In Luke’s mind, she’s laughing. Luke and Leia can finally take their rightful place beside their family. Luke takes her hand and squeezes.Fireworks spread across many skies, the galaxy rejoices.



Chapter End Notes
Finitum Est!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



