



We Run Around With - lostinthetksea - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

We Run Around With Monsters Under Our Feet
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13585380.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence, Major Character Death
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Jung Hoseok/Kim Namjoon/Kim Seokjin/Kim Taehyung/Min Yoongi/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | RM/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope's Parents, Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Namjoon | RM
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Fantasy, Alternate Universe - Creatures & Monsters, Monsters, Character Death, Falling In Love, Human/Monster Romance, Min Yoongi | Suga is Bad at Feelings, Min Yoongi | Suga Is a Sweetheart, Grumpy Min Yoongi | Suga, Cute Min Yoongi | Suga, Cute Jeon Jungkook, Angst and Romance, Bottom Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin Is a Sweetheart, Mentioned Kim Taehyung | V, Hurt Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Taehyung | V is a Brat, Kim Taehyung | V is a Good Friend, Kim Taehyung | V is a Little Shit, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster Is a Sweetheart, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster Is a Dork, Mentioned Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Seokjin | Jin Being a Mom, Bottom Kim Seokjin | Jin, Sweet Kim Seokjin | Jin, Heavy Angst, Blood and Gore, mentions of drug usage, Implied/Referenced Drug Use, Drug Abuse
Stats:

        Published: 2018-02-05
          Completed: 2019-02-24
          Chapters: 18/18
        Words: 30773
      

We Run Around With Monsters Under Our Feet
by lostinthetksea
Summary
Jung Hoseok was born to die.With his life came an unfortunate fate. At age 20, on the date of his birth, he must sacrifice his life for his village and suffer the consequences of being devoured by a form of monster that lives locked in Central Well. And with that meets Yoongi at the bottom of a well.
Notes
Summary is really shitty oh whale.We just have your typical Sunshine!Hoseok and Monster!Yoongi Jungkook is soft as hell and you feel sorry for him and his emotional stability.First ever AU I felt comfortable publishing so feedback and all that would be greatly appreciated :)




BORN TO DIE



Hoseok was born to die.Growing up in a little village came with its perks and its flaws. An advantage being that all the kids knew each other. It was quite cute really, whoever was on your street, you got to know them- forced by your parents to mingle- and everyone was more than willing to have another friend.On the downside of this little town was that a monster lived at the bottom of the well.For the last 100 years some form of monster lived locked in a dry well. A team of elite humans joined forces to capture this monster who was before causing destruction to the town and surrounding area, massacring innocent people and devouring them for dinner. They kept him tamed in that well and somehow made a deal with it that every year they'll feed him one human. Every year, you hope that person isn't you.Hoseok was, unfortunately, that person.He doesn't remember being chosen, well nobody would- he was only a couple of days old,- however through all the stories and tales, he began to have a good image in his head of what actually happened. He knows for a fact that while he was in a hospital , only just being born, he was placed into a room, a white sterile room with rows and rows of newborn babies that were just like him. All of them tucked into sheets and beds not having a clue what their fate was or an idea of the real world. A man, an area manager for the SS- also known as the Serenity Seekers- would walk up and down, a scalpel in hand, as he went through the rows scanning each child with a monotonous face. The click, click of his shoes knocking on the cold floor until, with a swipe, the man grabs a child's hand, raising the scalpel and piercing a cross into the child's arm, deep enough so the scar lasts for life.When he turns 20 years old, the age he is no longer considered a boy- but would you even consider him a man? He will be sent off, the whole village ready to see him meet his doom. He's watched it all before, for the last 5 years. Hoseok watched men and women of the like forced down into Central Well; he can still hear their cries, their pleas, their prayers as they get pushed lower and lower, quieter and quieter go their screams.Hoseok was told about his fate from an early age. His parents told him. Sat him down on the family sofa and discussed the world they lived in. It's wasn't as if his parents were just like "oh Hobi dear, you're going to die when you're 20! Have fun!" His own curiosity beat him, questioning almost daily what the scar on his arm meant: "mum, does this make me a superhero? Am I like Spider-Man? Can I shoot stuff out of my arm?!" So when his parents in fact said he was going to get eaten, that the stars aligned and chose him to go down, he wasn't actually that phased.- "cool! So I can meet a monster?!"- If anything it all made sense. The pitying stares he received from his friends mothers' all added up. The way he never got into trouble at school for doing the exact same thing his friends did, he was let off the hook: allowed to do what he wants because he will die for the people.The young boy always considered himself a superhero, or like Jesus. A sense of pride that he could just in fact save his whole village to just be a bit of human jerky. It's not like he wanted to die, he just understood why he had to die. He knew that to anyone else the thought would have them fleeing the town, the country maybe even heading off to the moon, however he wasn't a coward and that cross on his wrist was there and he couldn't escape it, you can't escape fate.As he aged and became more mature, Hoseok never forgot about his pending doom but he never seemed bothered by it. He would talk about his death like it was the most normal conversation to have at the dinner table. It was bravery and pride that spurred him on, yes he still got the sympathetic looks and he tried to ignore it- they got on his nerves to be honest; 'I'm dying for you, at least seem a bit happier that you're not doomed as soon as you turn 20.'Hoseok was now 19 years old, 364 days old and 10 hours. He was sat on the 2 stairs leading to his house with his best friend since age 4, Jungkook. The pair had been inseparable since they first met. Jungkook was Hobi's neighbour and was new to the area and Hoseok was more than willing to take the little boy under his wings.Hobi had a jacket shrugged on his shoulders, hardly protecting himself from the cold winter weather. Underneath was a large heavy hoodie, zipped up just over midway. He was resting against the steps, his long legs bent at the knees so he was firmly set on the floor. Jungkook had a parka wrapped around him, keeping his backside off the ground- lord forbid if he got his jeans dirty- and keeping him considerably warm."You turn 20 tomorrow." Jungkook murmured, running a finger through the dirt.Hoseok smiled softly, "I'm going to miss you Jungkook.""I'll miss you too."They both went quiet, and it was obvious that they both were thinking of the awaiting fate of the oldest."Are you scared?" Jungkook whispered not meeting Hoseok's eyes.He almost laughed at the question but he didn't want to look psychotic. In his whole 19 years, he'd never been scared -ok, maybe that time the class tarantula got out and was crawling across his desk: he was 7, and quite terrified.- never scared of what was ahead of him. However tomorrow he was going to die, he couldn't stop that and deep deep down he was frightened. Not necessarily of dying, but the anticipation of what the monster will look like and how he would die. Boiled into a soup? Or head ripped straight off? Time and time again Hoseok admitted that it's okay to be scared. He in fact recalled when Jungkook was about to start at his new school and the young boy admitted he was slightly scared and Hoseok's exacts words were "it's okay, everyone gets scared, it makes us human." But the situations the boys are in, they're completely different. The situation the older was going into was hardly human as it was. In fact, feeling scared just felt petty to Hoseok."Scared?" He sat up and looked down to Jungkook. "When have I ever been scared?"The younger stretched his legs out in front of him. "What about that time we watched-""It's a rhetorical question, Kook."Jungkook rolled his eyes "I know.""A rhetorical question is one you don't answer-" Hoseok scoffed lightheartedly."I know.""Then why did you-"Jungkook raised his hands exasperated "Look Hobi, it's your last day here and I don't want to discuss grammatical devices with you."Hoseok sighed dramatically and it hit him: today was his last day on Earth, of being alive. That was a thought he couldn't come to terms with. The day he will die had been a long time coming and in all fairness didn't seem real, but it was tomorrow. Tomorrow."C'mon, lets go to the hideout." Jungkook patted his sides down meekly, ridding them of dust.Jungkook and Hoseok had this secret hideout ever since they were seven years of age. It was this abandoned bus, in the field next to their old school. It was called the hideout because age 7 Hoseok thought it was "edgy" and "mysterious" and Jungkook believed anything that came from the boys mouth and as they grew up the name never left and was certainly less edgy.The boys walked next to each other, joking and reminiscing over stories they could think of whilst on their journey to 'the hideout'. On their journey was a small lake, overlooked by  smoothed out rocks, High enough for people to sit on and look over the blue stream. Hoseok ran over, jumping on top of the rocks and smiling over to Jungkook. The younger laughed, watching as Hobi ungracefully hopped from seat to seat. Jungkook knew he was going to miss Hoseok. He'd spent his whole life with this kid, he was like a brother to him and he was so thankful for every moment Hoseok had been with him. But the gnawing feeling of pining for his life to be spared bubbled lowly in the pits of his stomach, almost like guilt."Jungkookie, you're being too slow! Hurry up!" Jungkook looked at Hoseok who was on the last stone waving frantically to the younger. With a huff, Jungkook ran to catch up craning his neck up to his friend. "I'm the king of the world!" Hoseok laughed, throwing his hands up. 'The king of the world for a day,' Jungkook thought. 'What a horrible fate.' The boy did his best bow, a hand behind his back and the other across his front."Commence forward, Peasant." And with a light hop, Hoseok got off the rocks and carried on forward. Jungkook keeping up with his pace.***



REMINISING
Chapter Summary
Really short with emotional mess Jungkook.. enjoy :)
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




When the boys arrived at their abandoned bus, Hoseok went to light a little gas fire (one that at age 12 he stole and installed himself) and the other made himself comfy on the seats that they converted into a cute sofa topped with different cushions and pillows and a variant of blankets. Considering the place was abandoned, it wasn't actually that shabby. Their fire to keep them warm, an arrangement of books and graphic novels for entertainment - when they were younger they brought their Game Boy's and played a few games against each other- and a massive collection of little unnecessary junk that their parents said to get out the house.
Hoseok flopped on to the makeshift sofa next to Jungkook, slouching into the cushions and grabbing a fluffy sky blue blanket to wrap over both of them.
Jungkook sighed, resting his head on his friends shoulder "It's going to be strange without you here." He didn't get a response from Hoseok, which was unusual- this was Hoseok. "Hobi? You're being awfully quiet."
Finally Jungkook got a reply a small hum followed with "oh sorry." The elder pausing, "Jungkook I've got you something"
The younger chirped up, taking his head off his friends shoulder and looking at him directly. Almost immediately, he regretted it. Hoseok's eyes were soft, a small glimmer twinkling with excitement and youth. His eyes showed nothing of those Jungkook would expect from someone who was going to die. No remorse, or fear, not a single cry for help, or a tear.
The boys sat back on their haunches, facing each other and the tips of their knees grazing. Jungkook was excited, to say the least, to see what Hoseok got him.
Carefully, the elder waded through his jacket pocket. Fumbling with his fingers, grabbing too quickly. With a quick flourish, Hoseok brought his hand out a thin, plaited leather strap dangling from his index and middle finger. Jungkook soon recognised the object as a charm necklace; Hoseok's necklace. A dark faux leather, bordering jet black but due to the intricate design gave off its subtle brown. A blue oval stone shimmered slightly, the marble cracks sparkling silver.
Jungkook gasped "Hoseok.."
The boy smiled, chuckling lightly at the gobsmacked younger and leant forward. He sat up on his haunches and placed the necklace around Jungkook's neck and watching as he automatically grabbed the smooth stone rubbing its smooth surface. Hobi couldn't stop himself as he ruffled his friends soft hair.
"Thank you, Hobi. I love it." Jungkook smiled, a sad smile actually. His dark doe eyes crinkling uncomfortably as he tried his hardest to hold back tears. His nose twitching as he fought off the saddening pain that his pent up tears brought. However his mouth curved up, squishing his cheeks closer to his eyes as he smiled hugely. Before he could comprehend his ambivalent emotions he flung himself forward, wrapping his arms around his friends neck his nose nuzzling into his cheek.
Hoseok, quite confused, had his back arched painfully from the weight Jungkook pressed on to him nevertheless pulled the young boy closer, cradling him and rubbing his back softly.
"I don't want you to leave." Jungkook murmured the words hitting the others cheek. "This is so unfair."
Hobi understood, he didn't want to leave either- would be much happier living his life and not being eaten. "Come now, are we really going to talk about injustice? We've known this day was going to happen. We just need to accept-"
"NO!" Jungkook cried hysterically. "I'm not allowing you to throw this under the rug again. You've done this your whole life, you've said again and again that it's okay that you're going to die, that you're fine with it. But what about me? You're leaving me here, you're dying and leaving me on my own. I'm not at all okay with the fact that you have to go and die!"
The deafening silence was abrupt.
"Jungkook..." Hoseok sighed deeply. "I'm sorry."
The brown haired boy pulled himself closer to Hoseok whimpering lightly into his neck and gripping too tightly at the back of Hobi's jumper.
For a while they stayed like that. Jungkook whining into Hoseok's neck, relishing and remembering the feeling of the other. The two boys had never been this intimate with each other, nor this depressed. Usually the other made one feel better, a joke or simply company made everything okay again. The ominous tick ticking of the alarm clock became a constant reminder of the losing seconds Hoseok had of his life. And the elder pushed away the sound, totally aware of what that sound meant. So he focused on Jungkook's breathing. The short little gasps, erratic and all totally wrong. He was sure the younger was crying quietly into his chest but he didn't want to know because he just didn't want to be the cause of the tears.
When it was five in the afternoon, Hoseok lightly pushed at Jungkook's forearms. "I've got to go home." His voice booming in the stuffy bus. "My parents are cooking me a massive meal."
Jungkook let go and nodded, quickly dabbing at his eyes. "Yeah, I bet they're going to miss you." 
Hoseok stood up and turned off the gas fire, flicking his head for Jungkook to follow.
***



Chapter End Notes
My apologies for the chapter being so short


TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
Chapter Summary
Hoseok's relations to some people in his village.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




8:00 and Hoseok had eaten what his parents prepared. He was thankful for the food, as he knew they went all out to cook him his favourite meals. But he didn't like the fact his family spent all out for one meal that in about 12 hours he'd never be able to remember. It was a waste really: not of food- it was really good- but of time.The boy had a plan for this evening. Sleep was unnecessary tonight so he'd try and maximise his last hours to the furthest extent he possibly could. So he sat at his desk, a firm plastic table he had from the age of 11 with various stickers himself and Jungkook had stuck against the legs, and gently switched on the angle-poised lamp. Rummaging through his draws quietly he brought out a pencil and a notebook that he collected for use at school but never seemed to take with him.The pages were neatly lined together, their pastel blue border in uniform, with the black line that protruded through the right hand side standing to attention. My dearest friend, JungkookHoseok was going to write a note, to the people he deemed to be important in his 20 years on Earth. Not necessarily people who were nice to him or his friends, but those who shaped his insignificant life and made it seem alright to be living- even though his life lasted a few miserable years.Note after note began stacking up. Each note was placed in a white envelope and a gold label with the two words "thank you" holding down the flap of the envelope. Each letter was addressed, their name followed by a blunt phrase 'please don't open until I'm gone- Jung Hoseok.'Hoseok was brought away from his in depth scrawling by a light tapping at the window. The noise was similar to that of a dog scratching at a door when you wouldn't give it attention. In the silhouette of the night sky, Jungkook was leant against the window frame his fingers grasping tightly onto the glass and Hoseok could see each line of his fingerprints splayed out on the glass. Upon seeing Hoseok's glance his way, Jungkook waved.The elder stood up and went to open the window, helping the younger in even though he could do it himself."Jungkook? What are you doing here? It's late." His tone was accusing but in retrospect he was quite happy the boy was here. He could use some help."I figured you would still be awake and I didn't want to leave you on your own." Jungkook whispered softly.The young boy was wearing a grey tracksuit with his parka wrapped over him again. His soft brown hair tousled in different directions from where it was pulled in anger or frustration. At the back it was slightly matted like he tried to sleep but him standing in front of Hoseok proved he couldn't. He looked delicate but overcome with fatigue.Hobi picked up his letters, his writing scribbled neatly on the paper "I've got some notes to deliver, do you want to help?"Nodding slowly, Jungkook agreed. Looking at the first name on the letter it stated Park Jimin."Jimin? Why Jimin?" The younger was confused, the two boys weren't necessarily close friends so he was unsure on why Hobi wrote him a letter."I'm sure he will tell you."***The two boys strode side by side their footsteps heavy in the silent night. The sky was dark this navy blue that just skimmed being a pitch black. The blanketed sky interrupted by specks of stars, some stood our more than the others, sparkling fervently."My dad says that the stars are the remnants of those who had to be sacrificed." Jungkook sighed out into the cold night, pulling his coat further round him so he was practically cuddling himself.Hoseok didn't respond, just kept walking forward but the words sunk in."If that's true, Hobi. I know you'll be the brightest star in the sky. Shining clearly and looking over our village. You always were one to protect this town, weren't you Hobi?"The young boy was quite right. Like one time when him and Jungkook were walking home from school and they saw a pigeon with a clipped wing, Hoseok didn't even have to think twice about looking after it, he picked it up carefully, placing it on his palms as they took it to The Hideout where it stayed until it was strong enough to go back on its own. For some reason, that memory stuck with Jungkook. Maybe it was the sadness in the elders eyes when he saw the bird or the smile they both had when their bird became stronger. Or because it was their bird.Hoseok ran up the driveway that belonged to Jimin and his family. A semi-detached house with ivory winding up the walls in pretty intertwined patterns. Standing proud in the middle of the dusty brick pattern was a glossy black door the house number on a plaque next to it. Hobi slid the envelope through the silver letterbox.Jimin,Hi. It's funny how we became friends, we used to hate each other's guts. But because of Jungkook, we learnt to hate each other a little less. You know what? You're not actually that bad. I used to hate everything about you and thought you were trying to take Kookie off me but I didn't put into consideration that Jungkook was the first friend you made when you joined our school and me death glaring you every lunch probably didn't make you feel settled in. When I was young, I was very stupid. I did things that I regret. Suppose that's why I'm writing this. I may be forgiven for my sins by dying but I won't forgive myself. So, cast your mind back to when we were 9. You learnt how to play the recorder and you were quite impressive (for a 9 year old.) Jungkook was so impressed he asked you to teach him, leaving me lonely every Thursday lunch time. I doubt you remember this but; remember when your recorder went missing? For a week? And you were so miserable and whiny? Somehow, miraculously, it turned up again in the music room? Moment of truth: I stole your recorder. I'm so SO sorry. At the time I thought it was a good idea because you seemed to be hogging Jungkook and I never got to see him on a Thursday because you and him were cozy in the music room learning how to play the bloody recorder. So I stole it. It was funny to begin with, I even played it with my nostrils to impress a few of my other friends. But you were really upset. I remember walking up to you and Jungkook had his arms wrapped around your shoulders as you sobbed into his arms. I asked what was up, and you said that somebody stole your recorder. Said it was such a horrible thing for someone to do, that you'd never forgive them. I felt horrible. The guilt was eating away at me and I couldn't get the image of you crying out of my head. For a split second, I felt like the monster. To clear my guilty conscience I snuck back into the music room and put your recorder back. I watched through the window the day you and Jungkook found it again. The smile on your face, it was priceless. You hugged Jungkook tightly and the following day at break time you told me all about finding it again and how happy it made you. I felt proud of the fact that you were happy again, yet I couldn't shake off the thought that I upset you. Look, Jimin, I know I was horrible to you at the beginning. I accused you of all sorts of things but I want to say now, before I go, I'm sorry. For everything. From the recorder incident, to arguing that you were stealing my best friend off me. I won't be here from tomorrow onwards, and I beg you please look after Jungkook. He's still young, even though he acts older than he is, he has so much to learn and I want you to keep him in check. Also don't let him forget me. I doubt he will, he's got a good memory that boy, yet I still get the feeling he will easily move on. If he does move on, Jimin, let it be to you.Again, I'm so sorry about everything.Thank you for your time, Jiminie.Hoseok.XHoseok's feet crunched across the stones as he left Jimin's house and joined Jungkook. "One down, three to go."They carried on walking this time to see Namjoon. Jungkook knew who the guy was. He was an absolute maths legend. Top of the class in everything. Jungkook was a smart kid himself, predicted an A in all classes yet every exam when Jungkook tried to beat the school record he got shut down by Namjoon. He was unsure how the two knew each other."It's really quiet out tonight" Hoseok spoke lightly, his breath creating unshapely clouds of smoke."Well it is just past midnight." Jungkook offered, a small chuckle lining his voice.Hobi laughed loudly, a grin plastered on his face and he snuggled over to Jungkook, wrapping an arm over his shoulder "ah you see, this is why you're the brains of the operation, Kook. Always thinking logically."The boy smiled softly, leaning his head in against the elders.They soon arrived at Kim Namjoon's apartment block. He lived in a fairly sized penthouse suite on the second floor. The two boys headed silently into the lift. The somewhat joyous elevator music being good background noise and Jungkook quietly hummed along. Hoseok posted the letter under the door of Namjoon's house.Namjoon,First of all, hi. We never really spoke a lot. Maybe a couple of times a year. But you were always so chill and nice. It was a breath of fresh air seeing someone with such great intelligence be so down to earth. I was always envious of your knowledge and wanted to be as clever as you, or to just try and beat you once in an exam. That day I did, I was over the moon. You were really kind to me as well, asked me for an answer to a question you got wrong. But me, being the hot headed idiot I was, laughed and called you an imbecile. Saying that you weren't as smart as me and must bow down. I was awful towards you, yet for Chemistry- you still helped me revise. It's strange of me, sending you this; the day before I die. I just- I want to say, I'm sorry Namjoon. I guess I'm clearing my guilty conscience before I become a slab of meat. You don't deserve the disrespect I showed you. You're very intelligent and I appreciate your knowledge. I can see you going places, changing the world for better. I beg of you to make a change. You have it in you- remember that conversation we had and you had plans? Make them happen. I know you can, and I may not be able to see you make it happen but I believe you can. Change the world Namjoon, if anyone can do it- you can.The best of luck,Hoseok XHoseok smiled wistfully, looking at the door with squinted eyes. Jungkook, from his space next to the lift, watched. A questioning look painting his features but he didn't dare voice his confusion. Simply observed as Hoseok danced about place to place doing his little tasks. These were the last memories he'd have of Hoseok, and he wanted to remember each feature of the male in the dim moonlight.The third letter was addressed to Kim Seokjin. An amateur football player. He was always captain of the football team at school and when he left he started his own kids football club. It was cute really, he was passionate when it came to this sport but it was another case of Jungkook not knowing the relation to Hobi.As they crept their way through the richer end of town, Hoseok stopped and turned to face his younger friend. Baffled, Jungkook paused too. He began swinging slowly back and forth on his heels, waiting for his friend to talk."Are you tired yet?" Hoseok cooed softly his head tilted cutely to the side.Jungkook furiously shook his head "never tired. I'm never tired with you"That was enough for them both, the quietened down until all that could be heard was the faint sound of crickets singing their song and the crunching of the two boys footsteps.Their arrival to Kim Seokjin's house was abrupt. Jungkook passed the cream envelope to Hobi and watched as he silently stepped towards the black letterbox. He lifted the flap slowly, pushing the letter in until he heard the clunk of the letter hitting the bottom.To Jin,Long time no see, hey? How's the club? How are you more importantly? You probably don't remember me but you were my mentor at school. Every week we would meet 10 minutes before the beginning of lunch to discuss my feelings and you would have to give me advice and targets so I wouldn't be a little shit. You were always so kind to me and never offered me sympathy and didn't mind being brutal in what you said. Bearing that in mind, when I stated that you were terrible at football and would never have a career in it- you challenged me. We met at the park that weekend. If I remember rightly you had a blue football jersey thrown messily across your chest and the V Neck showing off the lean structure of your neck that's usually hidden by your school shirt. At the park we battled out in the way you knew best, a penalty shoot out. Goal after goal got past me as you fired them my way with a snarky comment "you're not even trying." But I was, and it annoyed me that you could say that so lightly as if it fit in with the rest of our conversations we had that day. I threw the ball at you with force and it bounced off your chest effortlessly and down to your foot where you went for a goal- but I saved it. Caught it in my bare hands and your face was priceless. I was expecting some sarky comment yet you just started applauding me. I was overwhelmed by how kind you were to me and how you forced me to join the football team. So I did. You supported me even though I was the worst on the squad and practically every goal got past me. Even when we lost the qualifiers you didn't have a bad word to say about me, you just supported me 100%. You looked after me and tried to understand my fate, you spoke as if you could understand me and it wasn't patronising. Your biggest trait was that you cared. You protected me from being spoilt and looked after me so I didn't go insane. Thank you. I just ask of you to do the same protecting role as you did for me for those around me. My family and friends, the whole village. I may be the one sacrificed to a monster but everyone else also has to face monsters as well.Again, thank you for everything.Hoseok X"Anyone else we need to give a letter to?" Jungkook asked, his voice raspy from whispering."One more person." Hoseok stated, stepping under the streetlights to read off the name. Jungkook peered over his shoulder, a cold hand against his friends jumper as he glanced at the name.As soon as he saw the neat writing spelling out the name he gasped, "Taehyung? Kim Taehyung? Of all people to write to, you choose him?""I have some final words for him, if that's alright?""Hobi, I swear to God-"Hoseok rolled his eyes dramatically, scoffing loudly, "I'm sure Taehyung will tell you what's on the letter, I'm not discussing it with you."The young boy was confused but most importantly: flustered. The fact that Hobi even spent time thinking about Kim Taehyung was ludicrous. He knew the elder hated the boy."Do you even know where he lives?" Jungkook seethed, his voice gone considerably higher as he rakes his fingers through his hair anxiously."No. But I know for a fact you do."***Kim Taehyung lived a bit further out in the village, so far out you probably wouldn't consider it apart of the village, nonetheless it was still close enough that the boys felt comfortable to walk it. He lived in a small cream cottage with thatched roofing. It lived cozily behind shrubs and greenery, isolated from the houses near. As Hoseok made his short trek to the door, he turned to Jungkook who was admiringly staring up at a bedroom window, a longing in his eyes. Hoseok carefully placed the letter on the floor and tucked it neatly under the welcome mat.Taehyung,You're an asshole, you know that, right? But you're really good looking and that somehow covers up how much of an ass you are. See I know you're an ass and to be honest I've seen warthogs prettier than you, but I'm outnumbered by thousands of girls and guys who think you are some kind of God. From the day we met you hated me. You are the only person who never came to terms with my ending; always ridiculing me because I was going to die. It was like some joke to you and you didn't understand anything about the situation or me, yet it was funny. You and your flock of women that fling themselves on to you all giggled as I passed, saying something that I'm quite glad I didn't overhear. Now, here's the funny thing. You always had a lady on your arm, wearing her as an accessory, but you are gay. You see I know these things Kim Taehyung. I have a few receipts:1) No straight guy gets a lap dance from their girlfriend- whom they claimed to love- and doesn't get hard. It's unheard of.2) Throwback to your summer party where you made out with Jimin for half an hour and didn't even think twice about 'hey, there's a dick rubbing up against my thigh!'3) my gaydar is always reliable.So obviously I know this and I'm soon going to die so-YOLO- I can say whatever I want. And I may or may not know a little somebody who has a thing for you? Jeon Jungkook. Oh the little twink is head over heels for you. I'm surprised you haven't noticed. Or maybe you have and you're just being a dick. I would've said that maybe you didn't like him but at your Halloween party when Jungkook dressed as a maid, you kinda checked out his ass more times than what was considered a guideline for 'I'm straight and I'm just seeing what you came dressed as.' He's liked you for three years now so please just ask him out. I know he likes you and you like him so just do what's right for the greater good.Thanks in advance,Hoseok XWhen the male returned to his younger friend he smiled brightly and was quick enough to engulf him into a hug, dragging Jungkook along with his arm slung over the boys shoulder.'Is that all the letters delivered?" Jungkook questioned, pulling on the sleeve of Hoseok's jacket to wrap his arm around him further."All apart from one," and Hobi reached into his back pocket to retrieve the final letter, flicking it round to see the name: "Jeon Jungkook, this is for you."The boy in question, flicked his head round his dark doe eyes dazzling with admiration, "Me?"Hobi nodded, a wistful grin plastered on his face as he used the hand around the boys neck to reach up and pinch his soft cheeks.They arrived back in the eldest's bedroom as the clock struck four in the morning. Jungkook crawled his way to the single bed getting into the grey sheets and waiting for his friend. However, in his benevolent attempt to stay up for Hobi, he underestimated his fatigue and soon fell asleep cuddled in the covers that distinctly smell of his best friend.With a washed face and cladded in a white pyjama top, Hoseok returned to his bedroom seeing Jungkook sprawled out on the bed, the covers kicked messily as he tried to get comfy. He chucked his worn clothes on the floor and attempted to get into bed without waking up the younger, which provided much difficulty as Jungkook groaned quietly flopping so he was face to face with Hoseok.The elder tried his hardest to get to sleep, even timed his breathing with those inhales of Jungkook's slow snores, although it was to no use as he seemed hyper awake. So he made do with watching the way a glimmer of moonlight that peeked through the gap in the curtain illuminated Jungkook's face.



Chapter End Notes
DISCLAIMER: anything said about Kim Taehyung does not in any way reflect my opinion on the guy.. like tbh it was quite hard to badmouth him


4. THE LAST SUPPER
Chapter Summary
Pancakes anyone?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




White light pierced through the curtain skimming every surface and creating little paths where more sunshine seeped through. Jungkook was the first to stir awake, stretching his limbs as far out as possible in the small space. Glancing over towards Hoseok he admired how the boys dark eyelashes fell softly against his cheeks. How his mouth was slightly parted and his face was squished against his arms lying underneath him. His hair was strewn against the pillow, exposing his forehead. The smooth skin of his uncovered forehead was creased in thick worried lines that met in unshapely patterns between his eyebrows.
Carefully, Jungkook swept his thumb across the lines, ridding them,dragging his cool hand down Hoseok's cheek and to the top of his neck, his index finger lightly grazing his jawline.
"Hobi? It's time to wake up. Hobi?" He murmured softly his voice barely a vibration in the peaceful room. If Jungkook could have it his way, he'd let Hoseok sleep in for the whole day, until his birthday passed and he would miss having to go out and die. It was childish really as he knew full well that if Hoseok wasn't out of bed the Serenity Seekers would barge in at full force, grabbing and cursing at Hoseok until he was dragged by the handcuffs around his wrists out of the house. As much as Jungkook didn't want Hoseok to die, he couldn't bear the thought of him being treated badly.
Slowly, Hoseok began to stir. Mumbling incoherent phrases under his breath that made the younger unsure if he was actually supposed to be listening. His eyelashes fluttered delicately, indecisive if he should wake or just cuddle back into bed and sleep. A groan rumbled its way through Hoseok's chest as he stretched his arms over his head, careful not to hit the other. "Ah, good morning, Kook."
Jungkook went to reply but his words got caught behind this lump in his throat. It was choking him, the fear of losing his friend, blocking off any sense of strength he could've had. All he wanted to do was cry out, scream from the top of his lungs that he wasn't okay with any of this and he couldn't just let Hoseok die. The younger's eyes grow wide as he looks toward his friend, his whole form shaking as he makes eye contact. Such youth in his eyes. All Jungkook wanted was to not know what was happening. If he didn't know and Hoseok just went, maybe he could accept it- there was nothing he'd have been able to do. But he does know and the fact he can't do anything is mocking him in the depths of his heart, pulling on individual heart strings and playing him like a fool.
"Oh, Kookie. Again? I'm sorry. I don't want this either." As quick as could be, the elder swooped in, wrapping his arms tightly around Jungkook's waist. Cradling his friend in his arms, his hands patting rhythmically at his back, "I know this is hard for you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry." And he just kept mumbling that phrase. Two words rolling off his tongue, encompassing itself around the males and it was a safe place. Jungkook sniffed, he hated how Hoseok was apologising as if he could've done something about this, how he was blaming himself.
"Stop. Stop. Why are you apologising?" He pushed meekly at Hoseok's chest and wiping at his eyes with the hem of his white shirt.
"Well why are you crying?" Hoseok retaliated, keeping his hand resting on the younger's bicep.
The weeping boy stilled. Thinking intently, pouting sadly. He had no legitimate answer apart from one. "Because I'm going to miss you."
"But I'm still here."
***
The two boys got changed not long after the floods of tears. Jungkook was internally beating himself up, feeling stupid at crying when the words his friend spoke weren't even meant to make him cry. He hated how he was weak. He wanted to be strong like Hoseok. Hobi was the one dying yet as he washed his face next to Jungkook who was brushing his hair, he was still smiling.
The youngest was clad in a pair of black jeans that he left at Hoseok's house several months ago and a plain grey distressed sweater he stole out of his friends wardrobe. The victim of the stolen clothes dressed in an old graphic t-shirt he was sure that he binned several years ago. The pattern faded into a mixture of pastel blue and hints of green.
The two boys made their way downstairs. Being greeted at the table by Hoseok's family, who all stood up and went to hug their hero. Jungkook watched as his mother, father, sister all hugged his friend with all their might. All muttering a 'happy birthday'. Jungkook stayed where he was, stuck by Hoseok's side. Every now and then he'd get nudged by a hand as a family member unwrapped themselves from the boys body.
On the table were large stacks of pancakes. Flopping over here and there like an intense game of jenga that nobody could actually win. An assortment of syrups and spreads all ready to be topped on to the savoury treat.
Hoseok sat next to his father, who was head of the table. Jungkook sitting in the seat directly next to Hobi. A loud scrape echoed across the dining room as Jungkook pulled his chair that tiny bit closer to his friend. He hoped it wasn't weird, but it was hurting his brain if he was anything further than an arms distance away from the elder.
"Thank you for the food Mum, it looks really good" Hoseok beamed, filling his plate with three pancakes.
"Your sister helped me make them." The two women of the house exchange happy glances.
"Thank you, both of you, it's a really nice thing for you to have done" Hoseok looked over to Jungkook who was carefully squeezing lemon juice over his pancake.
"Yes thank you for the food." Jungkook smiled softly making quick eye contact with Hoseok's family. It was frustrating, everywhere he looked he could see Hoseok. Each member had a feature that Jungkook had grown to know on Hoseok's face.
They ate in silence.
Breakfast was soon finished with. The time ticked ten thirty by the time they finished. Hoseok went upstairs with Jungkook in tow. Flopping on to his back on the screwed up bed sheets.
"Jungkook?" The younger perked up, turning his attention on to his friend- although his mind was already swarmed with thoughts that only included Hoseok. "You haven't wished me a happy birthday yet."
"Oh, well then happy birthday, Hoseok."



Chapter End Notes
I've finished a major scene earlier today so get ready :)


5. SACRIFICE [PART 1]
Chapter Notes
This is where the good stuff begins :)



11:30 am.The town was crowded with every man and his dog. A sea of mourners with bowed heads facing Central Well. Surrounding the well were dancers, each one in an outfit of red, singing their song of sacrifice. They chanted rhymes that would supposedly end the monsters life but with each person that went down it proved inoperative. Still, it was a tradition and worth a try.As Hoseok took his first steps out the car, Jungkook pulling tightly at the bottom of his jumper; everyone fell silent. A spell that muted all the talks and rumours. The only sound was footfalls of the doomed, the friend and the family. Many placed a hand over their heart as Hoseok stepped past. The sea parted for the boy who was going to die.Lanterns were lit up in multiple colours connecting street lamp to street lamp. Everyone was one unharmed body, under the safety of the light, unless you were Hoseok. He was food for a monster. A tragic loss of life. A loss of life people would forget the name of because he was just a 20 year old man sacrificed to a beast.A drum was played to the beat of Hoseok's steps. It took every nerve in him to not start running and watch as the drummer flailed to keep up with his pace. He would run away, anywhere that wasn't here with the sympathetic glares and halfhearted apologies. He'd take Jungkook with him, and his family, of course. Take them far away from the terror and patronising people that will take every opportunity they can to console the grieving family.'But your son is a hero.' No. Their son is dead.Jungkook wiggled his hand into Hoseok's pocket when they reached the front. Eyes full of blood thirst drank them in. The Serenity Seekers whispered into their walkie-talkies stating that the food was on the table.To the boys surprise, in the front row stood no other than Park Jimin, Kim Seokjin, Kim Taehyung and Kim Namjoon. They were all huddled together, which was strange considering none of them really knew each other. Each one of the males were holding the letter Hoseok delivered the night before. Unopened and full of questions.The eldest, Jin, smiled softly towards Hoseok. Beckoning him over with the nod of his head."Wow, I didn't expect you guys to turn up." Hobi chuckled, scratching nervously with the hand that wasn't intertwined with Jungkook's."Well there was an ominous letter at my door signed from you and it would've been wrong not to." The male sighed, smiling towards Jungkook in a sign of greeting."It's nice to see you once again." Hoseok spoke. The other half of his sentence sounding too gruesome for him to continue it's nice to see you again, you know, before I die."Ah same goes to you Hobi. I thought you would've forgotten about me." Hoseok's heart ached at that. How could he forget a man like Kim Seokjin? The man was intelligent in ways that not even Einstein was. Seokjin was a person of the people. A soft, friendly face with a matching attitude. The elder male didn't realise his importance in Hoseok's life. How he kept him somewhat sane. How could he forget?"Would never do that, Jin. You know for a fact that I'm not one to forget."Jin couldn't argue with the fact, Hoseok was a boy in touch with reality and was one of the most trustworthy guys around the area. He sighed. "It won't be the same without you.""Yeah, people have said that. But I won't be far." Hoseok looked over to Jungkook who was worrying his bottom lip raw. The young boy had said the same phrase as Seokjin many times. Jungkook smiled, it not quite reaching his eyes but nonetheless an attempt of happiness."Oi, Shithead. What's this about?" The hoarse voice ripped Hoseok away from Jungkook and Seokjin."Hello to you too, Kim Taehyung." The boy rolled his eyes.Jungkook watched the scene with wide eyes. Hoseok has never, never, referred to Tae by his actual name."Look. I don't wanna play with your bullshit Hoseok. What's in here?" The youngest of the trio scowled. Why was Taehyung so rude? Any other situation and it could have been hot: his little smirk and raise of eyebrow makes him feel weak, but now... it was plain disrespectful. No feeling of admiration could disguise that for Jungkook."Hey. Taehyung, play fair." Jungkook thrives in the way the male stuttered, head falling down and looking like a guilty puppy.Hoseok cleared his throat, speaking with his head held high and maintaining eye contact with Taehyung. "I'm not trying to pull any bullshit on you this time. We may have not got on. Hell, I still don't like you right now. However if I'm going to die, I'll die filling everything I've wanted to do.""Are you going to slap me?"Hoseok continued. "Ha! I wish. Look. I hate you Kim Taehyung, and I want you to remember that. But I also want you to know that even if I hated you, I would've took a bullet for you.  I'm literally dying for you now. You will have to live the rest of your life with the weight of this hate relationship. I ask of you Kim Taehyung, to forgive whatever grudge you hold against me. Drop it right now. I will not die for you if you wouldn't do the same."Everyone fell silent.The crowds still chatted unaware but the six boys didn't speak a word.Holding out his hand, Taehyung made a clicking sound with his tongue. "Well then."Namjoon pushed forward sticking his head between Seokjin and Taehyung. "What on Earth have you got to forgive him for?""I don't think you'd understand." He snarled, squinting his eyes at Hoseok, Jungkook, their intertwined hands and to Namjoon. Taehyung huffed. "Okay. Fine. I'm sorry Hoseok I will forgive you. And any pain I have caused you, I hope you will forgive me for."That was enough for the elder boy, he nodded once, harshly. Sticking out a hand, Hoseok grinned.A soft hand encompassed the others. A heavy grip squeezing on the verge of painful. Cold steely eyes boring into Hoseok's own. Unreadable messages conveying both ways. Settled."Oh Hoseok!" Jimin whimpered, chucking himself on top of the elder. "I can't believe you're leaving!" His wet cheek brushed against Hoseok's neck and his eyelashes tickled the boys skin with every flutter."Hey don't worry about me!" The elder tried to laugh, gasping as Jimin hugged him a bit too tight."I love you loads, Hobi. I hope you know that. I may have been horrible to you, and you probably don't love me too because I know Jungkook is most important to you. But honestly you were one of my best friends. I can't believe I have to say goodbye.." he eventually ran out of steam, the words that tumbled out of his mouth running dry. Hoseok was unsure if Jimin actually went up for air as he rambled his words of admiration into his neck.Rattling sobs, that shook Jimin's form as he gasped for air, made Hoseok's heart break."Jiminie, please don't cry. I don't want you to cry over me." He pleaded, pulling the boy into another hug"I'm sorry, for everything. For crying, for today, for you having to die. I wish I could've helped." He whispered, pressing a single kiss against Hoseok's cheek.Jungkook frowned, he knew Hobi longer and they never were that intimate."Well then Jung Hoseok, funny seeing you again." Namjoon chuckled, holding his arms out.Pulling the boy into a brotherly hug, Hoseok spoke: "Namjoon, It's been a while. I'm thankful for you being here.""I'm shocked you want me here, I must admit." His tone was lighthearted yet hinted at his confusion."I mean, the rest of the village is here to 'mourn' over me, so why not join the party?"Namjoon frowned, he didn't like how Hoseok took it so easily. "You know, it's okay to not be okay with any of this."This made the other look down guiltily. "I know, but if I'm not okay... then who else will be?""Times up, Son." a harsh hand with steely cold fingers dug their way into Hoseok's shoulder. From his peripheral vision, Hoseok saw coal-stained knuckles turn white and the pain of the grasp soon followed.A glance forward, he met the face of Namjoon. His answer frozen on his tongue like the blood in Hoseok's veins. Eyes, usually warm and friendly, pained and pooled with fearful tears."No!" Came a cry. "He can't! Not yet." The voice came from no other than Jungkook. "He- he hasn't said goodbye to his family."The guard scowled, a permanent feature on his face, looking at the family gathered together, arms wrapped around each other. Cautiously, Hoseok walked over. "We've known this day would come. I'm going to miss you all a lot. We've said goodbye many times. When I went off to school in the morning, you would wave me off. The only difference from then to now is I'm not coming back." He released a long breath. "Thank you for giving me a good life, for looking after me, for being a great family." The family smiled to each other warmly. "I will always, always, love you. I may not be able to tell you it, but you should know it." Carefully, Hoseok wiped a tear off his sisters cheek. "And mum." Pause. "Thank you for the pancakes."Like that he walked away. Climbing up the 2 steps of the well, watching across all the familiar faces he'd grown to love. A member of the SS grabbed his wrists, dragging him back and as he fumbled Hoseok saw a sight that he wanted to forget.Jungkook crying.With great force, the elder shoved forward. Guards protesting. Crowds gasping. Arms flailed to get a grip on the boy, but they were too slow. "I'm not running away. Where can I go? You know I've been doomed from the start."Arms chained themselves around Hoseok's neck. Heavy weight pushing the two boys to the ground as Jungkook sobbed harshly. Ugly cries and tantrums. "You were going to leave me! Without saying goodbye! Jung Hoseok how could you!" He screamed. "How could you?"The eldest stayed silent."Answer me then! Why were you going to leave me." Jungkook pulled away, hitting meekly at his friends chest."You always were going to be the hardest goodbye." Hoseok sighed, biting his lip with considerable strength as the lump in his throat grew. "I didn't want to have to say it."Hoseok clawed at Jungkook's khaki coat. Gripping to him with all his might. If time could stop, he'd stop here. Secure arms like seatbelts, holding him down and safe."I would rather have this moment with you, Hobi, than you to leave me with nothing." Jungkook closed his eyes, the sympathetic eyes he was met with were patronising and for once he understood what his friend felt all his life.Pulling away, the elder looked at Jungkook. The tears still streamed down his face, eyes puffy and he blinked his doe eyes open, bloodshot stirred with despair. "I love you so much, Kook. Forever and always." And he leant in to press a soft, brotherly kiss to his friends forehead.Jungkook gulped. Breath trapped in his chest as he felt Hoseok's lips linger on the tanned skin between his eyebrows. Plush pillows of comfort and reassurance; a heavy pressure as Hoseok rested his chin against the same bit of skin."Forever and always" Jungkook muttered under his breath. Tears carried on pouring, his flesh still hot from where Hoseok left his mark.Reaching a hand to the others neck, Hoseok ran a finger under the strap around the boys chest and held the stone of the necklace he gave him in his hand.Jungkook, not being able to bear looking at his friends face, leaned in and kissed Hobi's cheek, the same way Hoseok did to him. He let his breath stutter and fan against his face as he rubbed his cold nose to the skin.A hand reached for Hoseok again, Jungkook saw the face. No emotion apart from his dull grey eyes that glimmered with venom."Please don't take him." Jungkook pleaded, pulling at Hoseok's hands and placing them against his waist."Jungkook. It's time for him to go. I'm sorry." This voice came from behind, as smooth and sweet as caramel and as deep as the sea. Taehyung placed a hand on Jungkook's shoulder, watched with unreadable eyes as Hoseok finally got taken away.Shrieks emitted from the youngest's throat. To the best of his abilities, Taehyung gathered Jungkook and his broken heart; holding the pieces as close as possible to his chest.Finally, Hoseok was stood waiting for his death. Two feet placed firmly against a rotten wooden plank (similar to the shape of a swing.) Fingers grasped nimbly to the fraying rope that was stained with past sacrifices blood.



SACRIFICE [PART 2]
Chapter Summary
Makes sense why this is a Yoonseok fic ;)
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Attempting one last smile, Hoseok looked over his friends and family. All in some state trying to grasp on to each other for that final piece of support. The support that would fill the hole Hoseok left.
Jungkook whimpered his head buried into Taehyung's chest, arms of the elder cradling him tightly. Jimin on his knees with his head touching the floor as he prayed to any God to be good to his dear friend. Namjoon and Jin standing closely with their heads held down, mumbling between themselves.
Creaking metal with frail aching limbs, moaned in protest. Suddenly the swing dropped, only a meter at most yet it caused a stir across the crowd. With the movement Hoseok felt his heart lurch. This was really happening- and no amount of preparation would've helped him for this. Jungkook wailed harder. His pleas folding into the mass of voices around him yet was still so clear to Hoseok's ears.
Peeking a glance downwards, Hoseok saw nothing. An empty cylindrical void of darkness. It was like drowning, Hoseok thought, (minus the water) but that suffocating feeling of being pulled under by something much, much, greater than himself. A Black Sea, engulfing him with scents of damp stone and impending doom.
Before long Hoseok struggled to see over the grey stones lining the sides of the well, his head craning up so he could have his final views of humanity. It was like quicksand dragging him down and he clawed with all his strength to keep his head above. He was terrified: the darkness below hooked on to his feet, grinning devilishly at him and his unfortunate life.
He watched with distaste as Taehyung patted Jungkook's back because he knew the boy preferred his back being rubbed soothingly and got irritated with the sound of the repetitive taps.
He watched as Seokjin tried to calm Jimin down, illustrating how he should breathe and the young boy hyperventilating into his hands.
He watched Namjoon frown and how his nose crinkled to prevent tears. Mind working overtime as he tried his hardest to understand the whole situation.
A lump built in his throat, maybe it was the same one as he had when with Jungkook, suffocating his senses with nothing but distress; like a hand tightening around his neck testing him to shed a single tear in front of them all.
Perhaps it was his strength towards this day beforehand that made his death seem much worse. If he had accepted his true feelings and cried: would he have felt better? Would the anguish be more bearable? Could he have accepted it now if he didn't accept it before?
Maybe he shouldn't have bottled his feeling, and should've cried on Jungkook's shoulder.
Maybe he could've come to this day differently.
Maybe he could've run away.
Maybe he was too late.
A final gasp of fresh air and Hoseok was surrounded by icy stonework. Misshapen bricks laying atop each other, resting their weights upon another brick, upon another, upon another, upon another.
He felt suffocated and the air in his lungs stuttered out in uneven heaves. The lump in his throat increased as he coughed to hold back his tears, throwing his head down to look at nothing.
The last sound from the outside world was a prolonged scream from the mouth of Jungkook. With every second that passed you could hear his heart break and all the pain that shattered his little body. Hoseok's grip tightened on the rope choking up a silent sob as he tried to keep calm. Feeling his own hot tears cascade down his cheeks and he couldn't stop.
The tears just kept on flowing.
He hugged an arm around the rope, resting his head against the itchy material watching his teardrops fall into the abyss below.
All he wanted was to hug Jungkook one more time, to hug him and never let go.
To see his family and have pancakes every morning.
To braid his sisters hair in the mornings before she went off to school.
To play football again with Seokjin.
To challenge Namjoon again in an exam.
To listen to one of Jimin's silly songs that he created from the top of his head.
To even see Taehyung again and go to one of his parties.

He just wanted to live.

Hoseok was so far down he could no longer hear Jungkook. It was only a murmur from above and he really had to strain to hear it. His eyes has adjusted to the darkness and began to see vegetation growing up the dingy walls in swirling patterns of tranquility.
It was all too dark. The only light source was from above, the outside world looking like a moon of bright white light. Squinting up, his eyes stung from the brightness of the real world.
Suddenly, his feet touched ground. Landing straight into a puddle and he wasn't sure if it was rain or his own tears. He lifted his weight off the wooden panel, standing on his own two weak feet. His knees gave way, making him buckle under his own weight. The tension in the swing indicated it was being pulled up and in the far distance, only a whisper in the howling winds, was the creaking of chains lifting the rope back up.
Watching sadly as the rope got tugged away, Hoseok felt as if he was watching his life slip away from him. The swing pulled up at an increasingly quick pace only a dot in the bright light. Keeping his eyes up, Hoseok gasped as a metal grate was placed over the opening and even from his place far, far, below he could see the rust grating away at the frame.
Hoseok sadly wiped his face, his sleeves being soaked with his salty tears. He threw his hands in his pocket feeling a thin piece of rubber tangle between his fingers. Pulling out the material he was met with a faded red wristband that he could only describe as Jungkook. This was Jungkook's wristband. The young boy wore it almost everyday and once upon a time it had writing in white yet that was now long gone. His eyes flooded again looking at the small object but he forcibly held them back. Hoseok closed his fist around the object holding it tightly before letting go and wrapping it around his own wrist. Through the wear and tear of the band, it was slightly larger around Hoseok's own arm. The boy couldn't help but smile as it covered up the damned scar that was engraved in his skin.
Pushing himself back on to his feet, Hoseok took a look around (although there wasn't much to see.) In the dim light he noticed archways. About five of them, all lining the sides of the well. They linked on to each other, holding hands in a small circle. The archways led to more darkness that seeped a long way back. Stones that they were made out of, were dirty and water splashed at odd timings.
Hoseok took a couple steps to the archway in front of him. It was the largest and had faint suspects of light.
The alley was quiet. Hoseok's steps fell rhythmically. Walls either side of him were lined with thick green moss that had obviously seen more than he ever would.
His steps led him to another large space. A bit like the area he got dropped into. Yet this one had a woven chair made out of what looked like bamboo sticks. A wooden shelf stood tall with all sorts of books lining the shelves, however Hoseok had never heard of any of the titles before. The room smelt of a rainy day. A constant rainy day that never seemed to cease. Faintly there was scents of the outdoors. That smell you find when walking across a dewy field. He let out a breath, letting it mix into the soft area around him.
He noticed this area was lighter, candles dotted in different areas creating patches of misshapen light. However it was still soundless. Hoseok began to wonder if there even was a monster. If this was all some superstition and he wasn't going to die from a monster, but in fact drive himself insane.
He turned around quickly, facing the entrance he came in, only to be met with a face.
A boy, only a couple of years older than him, stood right in front. His nose touching Hoseok's own. He gasped at the sudden stranger and the close proximity.
The unknown boy smiled, it was hard for Hoseok to see his mouth but by the way his eyes crinkled he could only state that it was a smile. His eyes were strange, Hoseok had never seen anything like it. One eye was a dark brown, natural and a reflection of the space they were in. His right eye however was a daring red. Sparkling and glistening but far from human. The boy blinked and Hoseok swore he could feel the air from the quick movement.
The stranger giggled, breathy and trapped. His voice wouldn't have been heard if it wasn't for Hoseok being nose-pressed up against him. Hoseok was entranced by the sound. It was angelic yet human. Cute yet mocking.
The black haired boy let out the same breathy sound, pressing a cold hand to Hoseok's cheek. He breathed heavily, the breath washing over his skin and drying out the stains of Hoseok's previous tears.
Clearing his thoughts, Hoseok stood back. Banging his leg against the chair in the process. "Uh.. hi." Hoseok frowned, who was this enchanting boy?
Now being able to see the whole of the boy, he realised he had a weak physique. A very skinny frame with a torn, oversized, white t-shirt adorning his pale skin. The shirt sloped off his shoulder exposing more of his milky skin and the shadows casted by his deep collarbones.
The shirt slipped to about just above his knees and Hoseok noticed immediately that he didn't have any form of trousers on. His bare legs with lines of muscles tore down to his bare feet which clenched and twitched unintentionally under Hoseok's keen observing stare.
Wandering back up to his face, Hoseok watched as the stranger did the same thing to him before tilting his head to the side, confused.
"Uhm, my name is Hoseok. And you are?"
Silence.
The boy moved his head from one side to the other, pouting softly.
"Do you understand what I'm saying?"
The boy nodded.
"So you just don't talk then?" Hoseok laughed unamused and slightly bewildered.
"No. I do talk." His voice. His voice was rough and gravely and at the same time soft and melodic. It was like crunchy peanut butter Hoseok thought, sighing at his own immaturity.
"Oh! Hello-"
His sentence was cut short "My names Yoongi."
"Ah, Yoongi. It's nice to meet you." The echo of the well playing back Hoseok's words. "So uh, Yoongi, have you seen... yanno.. like.. a monster down here?"
Looking down, the stranger sighed. His shirt ruffling as he let out the large pent up breath. His eyes reached Hoseok's again. This time much darker, yet the undying red blazed like a campfire in the still night.
Hoseok repeated his question, slightly nervous. "Have you seen a monster around here?"
To which Yoongi replied with a savage smirk, and pointed to himself.



Chapter End Notes
I love this chapter man. 
I hope you all like Yoongi lmao because I think he's kinda cute in that monstrous way


7. UP ABOVE
Chapter Summary
Filler chapter but fufills Taekook feels
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jungkook let in one final ragged breath as he watched the metal grate cover the well his friend was just sent down. His fingers grasped desperately on to Taehyung's coat and he tried to calm himself to the repetitive shushing sound the elder emitted with his head rested on top of Jungkook.
Hoseok was gone.
That was all Jungkook could comprehend and as he shut his eyes and rubbed his face into Taehyung's chest, he couldn't help but think Taehyung smelt slightly like Hoseok.
His eyes blinked open to see Jimin, Seokjin and Namjoon opening up the letters him and Hoseok had delivered the night before. Images and thoughts of himself and Hoseok walking side by side in the streets moonlight made him want to cry out again. So he whimpered into Taehyung.
"Are you okay?" His honey-like voice cooed.
To which Jungkook replied with a sudden shake of head.
"That was a silly question. I know you're not, and it's okay. It's okay."
Jungkook growled pathetically, "How is this okay? My best friend has just left to die. He is no longer here and you're trying to convince me it's okay?" He looked up, directly into the elders eyes. Trying his hardest not to flutter his eyes shut when he started petting his hair.
"Okay then. It's not okay. None of this is right, normal or what Hoseok deserves. But do you think, he would want you to cry? Exactly. So don't come after me because this is far out of my reach. I can't bring him back. All I can do is make sure you're okay. And I'll walk through heaven and hell to make sure that you don't lose yourself because you lost Hoseok." Taehyung huffed, breaking eye contact and his cheeks heated up.
"Taehyung." Jungkook curled into him again, as graciously as a cat. His voice was weak and he repeated the boys name. The tension between them was obvious and Jungkook sighed out a quiet "thank you."
"Are you going to open your letter?" Taehyung sniffed, flicking the paper envelope sticking out of Jungkook's pocket. With a feeble attempt to take the attention off his blushing cheeks.
"Yeah. I will... You?"
Taehyung nodded, grabbing his letter from his back pocket. "Open them together?"
For some reason, Jungkook was nervous. Inside this letter was everything Hoseok ever wanted to say to him. Inside this letter was Hoseok's true feelings. Things his friend was unable to say to his face. He looked at Taehyung who was carefully opening his letter and pouted. What would be in his letter? He hoped Hoseok hadn't been an idiot and said something rude, especially as the two males had forgiven each other. And what feelings could Hoseok have towards Taehyung that he felt the need to write down?
Taehyung felt the younger's gaze and smiled reassuringly. "I have no clue what that loser has to say to me."
Jungkook cringed slightly but the light tone Taehyung used was so easy going that he knew he meant nothing bad.
"Taehyung..."
"No no! Don't read it out loud!" Jungkook began, grabbing Taehyung's forearm lightly. "He wrote these letters for us individually. So we have to read them individually. And then maybe we talk about it."
To be perfectly honest, Jungkook was frightened of having to read his own letter out. Something about it was intimate and the idea of reading it out left him feeling naked and weak. He didn't want to feel so vulnerable in front of Taehyung.
Slowly, the light sound of tearing paper rang through Jungkook's ears. His heart fluttered at an alarming pace.

My Dearest Friend, Jungkook


I miss you. A lot. Each second I spent with you made me yearn for you even more. It was an endless cycle of want. I always tried to keep a smile on my face because I knew you were hurting just as bad and if I was sad, you'd feel even worse. There was nothing I wanted more than for time to stop and we just lie on my bed with our arms wrapped around each other, stuck in our own little world.


Time with you, was always the best. You were quick and witty, not afraid to speak your mind and the words you spoke were full of admiration.


I really miss you, Kook.


I want it to stop, this unbearable pain of longing. It shouldn't be that every time I see you smile, I want to burst into tears. It's unfair that I will never get to see that smile again. But I know I will hold memories of your beautiful smiling face inside of me.


I was always brave when it came to my fate because I believed if you couldn't change it, then why should you be afraid of it? If I tried to change my fate and failed, I wouldn't accept it. But we both know that it was far out of my control. So I've had to accept it. It may have not been correct to think like that (and I know now that I probably shouldn't have thought like that).


I was always looked down upon. All my 19 years. It felt as if I always came second place in society. I was practically scum, the crumbs left of the plate for the birds. But I'm thankful for you Jungkook, and I hope you know that. You put me first. You treated me like I was apart of the living society who wasn't damned. You accepted me, 100%.


I seemed to never put in to perspective that you would also miss me. It was only when you cried on to my shoulder in the Hide Out I realised how much I was apart of your life, as you were mine.


Never forget me, that's all I ask. I think my heart would break if you ever did. And I don't want to be dead and stuck with an unrequited love.


Please don't cry for me, Jungkook. I hate to see you sad and I won't be able to cope knowing I was the cause of your tears. I'm sorry if that's a hard request, I know you'll want to cry when I leave but I'm hardly gone. As long as you keep me in your heart.


Remember, I love you. I may never have said it because we weren't really into that gay shit, but I did. I may not be able to say it again, but I still do. You'll forever be in my heart Jeon Jungkook.


Thank you Kook for my wonderful life.


All the love in the world,


Hoseok xx

Jungkook gasped, his lungs felt deprived of air and he couldn't help the stuttered heaves that felt out of his mouth. A fat tear dropped to the floor in front of him and as quick as could be, Jungkook wiped his face ridding them of the tears Hoseok wouldn't want to see him cry.
He looked over to Taehyung who studied him weirdly. Flicking his head between the letter in his hand and Jungkook's face.
"Tae? Is everything alright?" The boy looked pale, scratching the back of his head nervously.
"Yeah, yeah. I'm fine. Fine." His tone was distant and his eyes burned holes into Jungkook. "I, I've got to get going."
Taehyung quickly dragged Jungkook into a hug, basking in the way his chin hooked neatly against the top of Jungkook's head.
A blush crept its way on to Jungkook's cheek, he could feel Taehyung's heart rate, quick and unsure, but he wouldn't notice the fact that the elders heart rate increased when his arms wrapped around his lower waist.
"You're brave Jungkook." He murmured turning away, "and I love you for that."



Chapter End Notes
Is this the last time we see Jungkook? Maybe.
Also I would like to thank everyone who's read this because this is the first time I've felt comfortable uploading any work I've ever done and I may not upload regularly or write to everyone's needs but the fact people are appreciating this gives me a warm feeling of admiration. Honestly even if one person had read this, I would still thank them because I'm overwhelmed by all your comments and how intrigued (??) you are by this plot. So thank you so, so,much. I will never be able to put into words how happy it makes me that people are enjoying this. Thank you, thank you, thank you. x


8. MONSTERS INC
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





'Looking down, the stranger sighed. His shirt ruffling as he let out the large pent up breath. His eyes reached Hoseok's again. This time much darker, yet the undying red blazed like a campfire in the still night.


Hoseok repeated his question, slightly nervous. "Have you seen a monster around here?"


To which Yoongi replied with a savage smirk, and pointed to himself.'

 
Gulping harshly, the human boy stumbled and fell into the chair behind him. It was softer than he expected and sunk under his weight. His head buzzed and held him heavy, the sudden shock was like a tonne of bricks and he struggled to meet Yoongi's eyes. The dazzling red seemed murderous in the new light.
"Oh- oh okay. Well this is new." He wanted to scream, run and hide yet he couldn't even begin to process how his limbs move because this half human boy looked at him with large, soft eyes and his lips puckered out sadly.
Yoongi approached him, slowly with his head bowed low. Hands fiddled mindlessly with each other and for a second he looked frightened.
Shaking nervously, Hoseok shut his eyes painfully tight as Yoongi mounted his lap. Sitting himself comfortably in the makeshift seat his human meal created. His steely cold hands pressed against both of Hoseok's cheeks and the boy felt suffocated and the image of his life being ripped away hurt deep in his brain.
The monster placed his mouth close to Hoseok's pressure point, opening his mouth-the human boy squirmed and whimpered, tried to plead- he laughed.
The same low sound tumbled out of Yoongi's mouth and he looked up so his eyes looked deeply into the boy underneath him.
With all the determination he could muster, Hoseok opened one eye. Seeing the monster stare right at him, a cute gummy smile making way on the frightening boys features. He looked somewhat harmless.
"You're scared of me." he chuckled darkly, rubbing a soft circle into the boy's cheek.
Too right. He shook his head violently, removing the hands pressed to his skin. "I'm not scared of you, I don't even know what you are!"
"I'm a monster, obviously." He rolled his eyes. "Keep up, Hoseok."
His name sounded strange; coated in the voice of the devil and tinted in the tone of an angel.
"Are you a cannibal?" he whispered and automatically regretted it as Yoongi leaned back flabbergasted with his hands resting against the boy's knees.
He scowled. "No."
"It's just you're here, and look very human. And are going to you know..."
"Eat you alive?" Yoongi suggested, crossing his arms over his chest. "Edward Cullen looked human, but we don't call him a cannibal."
A look of confusion flushed across the boy's face. "But he was a vampire?"
"And?"
"Vampires don't exist!" Exasperated, Hoseok tried to shove his arms up in protest but found his arms unable to move and trapped below the monster.
"Monster's aren't supposed to either," he growls, "but look at this predicament."
"So.. you are a cannibal?" He hiccuped half way through as Yoongi's head hit against his chest in frustration.
"Think of me as more like Sully from Monsters Inc." With that said, he collapsed his weight on to the younger, and cuddled into him.
Hoseok didn't even dare to move. His body was tense underneath the monster as he listened to him purr. He was most definitely scared. Wasn't he supposed to be dying? Not cuddling.
"So is this a pre-ritual or something?" he coughed awkwardly and looked away from Yoongi's intense gaze and the little tilt of head Yoongi gave. "When are you going to kill me?"
The small boy let out a noise between his pouted lips and pressed a hand to his stomach. "I'm not that hungry yet. And anyway, where would be the fun in that?"
Suddenly, the monster left Hoseok's lap. Standing up and stretching out wide, his top rising up and just managing to cover him. "I'm getting a drink, feel free to join me." He left.
Hoseok let out the largest breath he thought he ever held. His heart rate was erratic and he placed his head into his hands to try and calm down.
Yoongi was an enigma, that was all he knew. A monster that acted far too human. He was terrified yet somewhat engrossed. Yoongi was affectionate and in a way it reminded him of Jungkook. The warmth that radiated off of him was comforting but conflicted against his cold hands. His chilled hands burned into Hoseok's face as if it was a hot iron and it didn't make any sense. Nothing was adding up: how could the prettiest flower hold the most thorns?
Hoseok flopped aggressively down on the chair so his head was upside down and hanging off. Blood rushed to his face and he felt the redness overtake his cheeks. He wondered if Yoongi was triggered by the movement of blood. Would him being in this state make the monster crave him that little more? Push him over the edge of temptation? As soon as the thought entered his mind he sat up, feeling dizzy with the movement. The feeling was a more physical representation of the whirring of his thoughts. Silly things blocked his mind like "how does he know what Monsters Inc is... and Twilight?" Maybe he should've been focusing on more serious things like "this guy is gunna kill you soon." However given the choice between Edward Cullen and death, there was an obvious better thought track.
Questions also flooded him that he wanted to ask the monster. Simple things like "do you enjoy eating humans?" and "do you realise that you're terrifying?" Unfortunately his voice got trapped whenever he thought of asking, them being held down by fear of the answer and sparing of his life.
His thoughts wondered to his life. Jungkook. Heart breaking from the image of him. How was he? He missed the dear boy with all his being. Would he still be above the well? Was anyone looking after him? He reached to his wrist, pulling against the wristband. It was what Jungkook did when he was stressed, the material taught against his skin and the band protesting harshly to his strength. Yes, he still had strength. Strength that he could use to keep sane.

The monster isn't so scary after all.

Oh, but only if he could fully believe that.



Chapter End Notes
First interactions, how we feeling?
Also are these chapters too short? I know it's only a short story and all that but I can't help feeling they are *too* short??


9. DRINK?
Chapter Summary
I tried uploading this last night but the site was down, oh whale.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Hoseok was parched. His mouth felt like a desert that just got sun burnt. It hurt to swallow and he could hear from a room nearby there was a stream of water. Fresh, crisp, water. The trickling sound mocking him and his form of dehydration. Yoongi had also stated that if he wants a drink, he could join him. Maybe drinking with a monster wasn't his ideal way of spending his last few hours but something about the idea was drawing him in- perhaps his thirst.
So with that in mind, he took shaky steps out of the alleyway that he entered. It was particularly quiet. Everything was still, minus his heartbeat. Which he supposed was a good thing. If his heart kept beating, no matter what rate, he was alive. Contrary to his beliefs that maybe death would be better than this constant worry of fearing for his life.
The centre of the well, was darker than before and glancing up at the only source of light, he noticed it was dark out. The sun had passed to the side for another day and Hoseok wondered if he would ever see sunrise.
Now he was baffled. Which room would Yoongi be in? There were 5 choices and one room he just came out of so he knew for a fact it wouldn't be that one. He sighed internally. With his next inhale, he heard something. A murmur of a voice that was exceptionally quiet. Hoseok looked up expecting to see the shadow of a person resting against the well, yet the voice was closer than that. Searching around in the depths of the well, in the furthermost archway the mumbling voice became louder.
The walk through was eerie. The mumbling voice got louder and louder, speaking it's words which Hoseok couldn't quite make out. Every now and then it would go silent before starting up again at the quiet volume.
The dingy walk left Hoseok standing in another large area. The stoning used to make the wall jutted out to create a distorted work surface that lined the circular area. The surface was clattered in odd shaped cutlery.
In the middle of the room was a giant table. Saying that, Hoseok thought it just looked like a smoothed out rock- which in hindsight, probably was. Polished dark marble standing proudly in the room. What made Hoseok gasp however was the beautiful display of Yoongi.
Porcelain skin, as white as snow, against the black table. A daring contrast of the moon against the night sky. His head leaning over a book and he mumbled words and phrases, reciting the book. However on closer glance, Hoseok noticed a fountain pen in his hand and that Yoongi was, in fact, writing something.
His face, deep in concentration, tongue sticking out at the corner of his dusty pink lips. Eyes downcast and giving the perfect angle for Hoseok to notice his long dark eyelashes. Perfectly curled and creating shadows across his cheeks.
A single step, to make himself known in the room, had Yoongi ripping his head up from his work. His muttering voice falling silent and he squinted towards the boy.
"You fancied a drink in the end?" His voice was much louder as he spoke directly towards Hoseok, standing up and moving the books that were in front of him.
The boy nodded. Watching the monsters every move as he walked to the edge of the room and placed a cup underneath some rocks.
"Mineral water is great here, it's all free." He paused, returned to the table and sat, placing the drink opposite. "You going to sit? Or carry on standing there?"
Again, Hoseok nodded his head sheepishly.
The seat was hard and in need of a cushion and it was all quite cold against his covered clothes. He questioned how Yoongi managed to sit on it bare legged.
The two boys stared at each other for a while. In complete contemplating silence. Yoongi's hands fiddled with the pen he was writing with, twirling it like a baton between his smooth looking skin. Hoseok didn't really know what to say to the male, which was a first. He was usually great at starting conversation, but what could he say?
Yoongi was just as unsure. Underneath his chair his feet were twisting about insecurely and he felt nervous under the boys stare. Something about him made him feel vulnerable. The fact he wasn't screaming himself hoarse from the look of Yoongi was unnerving.
"I'm surprised you wanted to come sit here, with me." His voice cut through the quiet like a knife to skin.
Hoseok blinked once, and moved his eyes away from the monster- he didn't want to silently portray the wrong message. "Why?"
"Well." he sighed, "usually my victims are sobbing themselves sick in the corner. Why aren't you?"
"Because I'm not scared of you, Yoongi. Don't you understand? I can't be scared of something I've known from the start. I'm terrified of the idea of you killing me off, but not you."
The monster scoffed, "is that so?" with his sword dipped in venom he leant forward so he was right up close. His eyes again darkened to that unexplainable chilling colour. Hi chin sat upon his palm as he watched Hoseok's adams apple bob uncomfortably. And he reveled in how his meal moved his head slowly. "Say it to my face then, go on. If you're so brave..." His voice trailed off teasingly, knowing far too well that Hoseok couldn't even meet his eyes.
However, Yoongi's eyes grew wide as Hoseok pushed himself forward so his voice could be heard as he whispered his words littered with vengance: "I'm not scared of you."
Yoongi laughed once, slightly amused at the courage on the boy. "Well we better change that, hadn't we?" and it didn't go unnoticed by the human of how the monster swiped his tongue against his sharp canine teeth.
They both moved back from each other, eye's stern. Yoongi was first to drop his guard, returning back to his sickly sweet persona. Hoseok felt as if he had whiplash from the sudden changes, his head and heart ached because what was the real monster Yoongi? A soft bundle that he wanted to protect or an ungodly creature that made his blood crawl?
His eyes averted to the books piled at the end of the table. Worn and dirty with water stains dabbled over the cream surface. "What are they?" Hoseok questioned, leaning forward to grab them.
However before a finger could lay down on the pages a hand with incredible strength wrapped its way around Hoseok's wrist. Not quite encompassing it but with a pressure so hard it hurt and to even squirm away caused immense pain to course through his blood. "You- you're hurting me, Yoongi! Stop!" He shrieked feeling the bones in his arm twist.
The hold let go.
"Please. Don't touch."
Hoseok removed his arm, shoving it into his lap and rubbing soothingly.
Yoongi growled, frustrated at himself. "Hoseok, I'm sorry. I didn't realise how harshly I was holding you." He bowed his head low, embarrassed at himself. "They're letters. If you must know."
Hoseok's head whipped up, tilting it to the side with integrity. "Letters? From who?"
"Uh children." Yoongi stated, running a hand through his fringe. "Children from the village write me letters. Asking questions about me and if I know who this character is from this film or that film. I get gifts sometimes too."
Hoseok had never heard of people having contact with the monster in the well. He never did it at school. "Do you write back?"
"I try to. But it's hard, they ask too much and I can't say too much. So I tell them only little things like what it's like to live under a well, and what I do to pass time."
"What do you do to pass time?"
A nervous scratch to his head gave Yoongi the unsuitable aura of human and Hoseok for a split second believed the act before the pain surging through his hand told him otherwise.
"I write. Sometimes back to the children, sometimes for myself. There's a lot of questions I get asked and well I enjoy answering them because they are just so endearing you know?" He smiled this cute gummy smile that showed his little mouth. "I do get asked the same question a lot and I try to make each response different."
The human boy didn't notice but he was smiling along too. Face settled in lines of content and heart rate dropping to one considered normal. "That's amazing, Yoongi. I never knew that."
"I guess there isn't a lot you can do down here, so people from up above trying to communicate with me is quite refreshing." He sighed contently. "I suppose that's why I don't mind you here Hoseok. You're talking to me like I'm not going to end your life."

He liked his company.

Mind running overtime he could almost feel the blush tinting his cheeks. The monster, that was supposed to kill him, liked his company. Enjoyed sitting and discussing things. Constant teasing and human interactions. However, Hoseok couldn't help but think: "but you are going to end my life."
Yoongi grew annoyed because even though that was most certainly true, he didn't want to kill Hoseok. "I'm sorry it had to be you."
"So am I."
A reoccurring thick silence settled like fog in the streets. It was hazy, their interactions muffled into the quietness like sticking cotton wool in someone's ears. Yoongi felt like he was stuck underwater, drowning in the hush. Whispers of waves crashing above him and he was drowning in his feelings that he couldn't even comprehend. Words tried to express his thoughts but it was more than that, it was more than he could understand.
"So what about you Hoseok." A wall kept being built between the two, separating off their lives but every time someone spoke, the glass around them crashed; how long could they go without getting cut by the fallen shards? "What did you do when you were up there."
"Well I lived a normal life. I had friends. And we got on well. I'm actually not sure if my life was normal. Obviously I had my fate which I was pretty easy going about but my future scared people. Nobody got close because they knew I would be leaving. It makes sense really: why be friends with someone who is going to leave you?" He watched as Yoongi stood up to grab himself another drink. Noticing how his shoulders slumped sadly.
"So you were lonely?"
Jungkook. "No. I had a... friend, who I was really close with."
Slinking over, Yoongi placed his glass on the table before sitting on the bench as close as humanly possible to Hoseok.
"His name was Jungkook. He was my best friend. I love him to the end of the Earth. He was emotionally driven and that made him irrational. But whatever situation he got in, I could get him out. We were like fire and water. We shouldn't have been friends because we knew we would hurt each other yet we were able to work side by side." He could feel tears brimming in the corner of his eyes thinking of the boys smiling face.
Not knowing what to do, Yoongi watched as Hoseok struggled to contain his tears.
"I really miss him."
Like a switch, tears began pouring. Yoongi thought it looked like when the rain falls into his well. Cold and dismal and streaky. They ran down paths on his cheeks quickly to create more room for the cascade.
"There, there. Please don't cry." Yoongi wrapped two skinny arms around Hoseok. Resting his head against the boys shoulder.
"W-what are you doing?" Hoseok whimpered fidgeting under the grasp.
"Human interactions state that when one is depressed a hug is considered a nurturing gesture of comfort."
Being so close to Yoongi, Hoseok couldn't help but think he smelt of cinnamon. A sweet smell of freshness and bakeries yet on second glance Hoseok thought Yoongi couldn't smell of anything else.
"Tell me more about Jungkook." Yoongi started, resting his head differently against Hoseok to relieve the strain in his neck.
"Jungkook. Yes. I really loved him, you know? He meant so much to me, maybe because he treated me differently. He was the only one who treated me right." His voice fell quiet, mumbling his last sentences but to Yoongi's supernatural hearing it was as loud as everything else.
"Did you have feelings for him?" His heart crushed, which was a new sensation to the monster. The weight of guilt was heavier than anything he had to carry yet he could feel the twinge of some other kind of emotion.
"Yeah, yeah. I suppose you would if you spent 16 years of your life with someone. Some sort of feelings would have to develop. I just didn't act on them because that wouldn't be fair would it?" 
Yoongi was glad to see that Hoseok's tears had come to a stop. Making the boy talk, stopped him from crying.
"Did he reciprocate those feelings?"
"No. He didn't. I'm glad for that to be perfectly honest. As much as it hurt me, to see him like another guy, it made me happy-I suppose- to know that I wouldn't hurt him that little bit more." Hoseok began shaking violently, the cold of the room, being encompassed by a monster and stating his true feelings left his body feeling a mess.
"You're incredibly brave, Hoseok." Yoongi muttered, patting Hoseok's hair. "I like that about you."
The boy was confused, what was he on about? Brave? How was he brave when he couldn't even face his own feelings. His feelings that are too late. "Are you trying to sympathise with me?"
"No, I speak the truth. To give up every feeling inside for someone so you don't make them hurt. It's quite courageous."
Blushing under the gaze, he changed the subject. "What about you then, Yoongi? Have you ever felt anything towards anyone."
"My instinct is to kill. So I suppose that with all the victims, as you put it, I do feel a strange tug inside me to devour them. But I've been feeling something different lately. I haven't felt the need to kill. I'm feeling more human than I think I should." Yoongi's voice was low like he was holding a secret. "You're not annoying me and making too much noise so I feel no power over ending you, Hoseok."
The sacrifice made a small oh sound.
"Maybe that will change when I start getting hungrier. But for now, I feel full. I feel confused and I feel far from my monster self."
A monster just as perplexed with feelings as Hoseok. So he let the conversation drop. Focusing on nothing to let his mind be at ease.
With the soft lulling of Yoongi's erratic heartbeat and the long breaths he puffed out followed by the soothing circles drawn into his arm, Hoseok began drifting to sleep. But a call of his name had him stirring.
"Hoseok, happy birthday."
 
***



Chapter End Notes
DID Y'ALL SEE YOONGI SAID THE SAME THING TAEHYUNG SAID TO JUNGKOOK. HE IS WOKE. 
Also I am absolutely shook, how in high heavens did this reach 1K hits? I'm so thankful to anyone who has spent time even briefly looking at this. 
So if you guys have any questions at all, regarding the book or myself, feel free to ask as I am more than willing to answer!
again, thank you.


10. RISE AND SHINE.
Chapter Summary
I love this chapter a lot :)
Chapter Notes
First of all I want to apologise for the slow updates. I suppose that's why I never put a schedule up for this as I knew that forcing myself to write something wouldn't give me the best results. I've always believed that the best writing comes freely and I will stand by that point. For those of you who are unaffected by that, I thank you. Updates will always come at awkward times. Who knows the next chapter might even come tomorrow or next week or next month. (I really hope it isn't next month)
Again I would like to thank everyone who has taken time to read a sentence of this work, to being a dedicated reader chapter after chapter. It's honestly crazy, especially as this is my first work of fiction. 
Anyways, if any of you lovely lot want to become mutuals, you are more than welcome to follow my twitter @niallsmxxnlight



At the bottom of a well, you never know if it is morning or night. Yet we state that when we wake it is morning, and when we sleep it is night. So by those calculations, Hoseok guessed it was morning.
It was morning.

And he was alive.

Now 20 years old and one day, the boy was shocked at how his heart beat carefully and rhythmically. His body felt heavy and his arms were numb. He tried to move but found it near impossible. Back aching, chest cold, he took a look around.
Soon realising, Hoseok saw he was lying on the floor. Concrete stone surrounding him everywhere. It was chilling him to the bone and he tried to sit up, to relieve the cold, but he couldn't move. He felt paralysed from the chest down. Worrying himself into panic he went to move an arm, only to find that was trapped and stuck against him.
He looked down to his body, only to find Yoongi.
The monster was cuddled into his chest, using him as a pillow and his body weighed down on Hoseok's arm. He tried to shift under the mass but found it near impossible. So with the arm that wasn't crushed, he moved it away from him, approaching the dilemma of where he could rest his limb.
Yoongi's hair was long, uneven bangs of midnight black that contrasted his milky skin. A somewhat human Oreo. Fringe just covering his eyes and a face set in peace. His silky hair looked unbearably smooth and it was as if Hoseok's arm had a mind of its own when it reached down to pet the hair.
He was right, the monsters hair was soft. Like patterns made from a spiders web. It was like velvet wrapping around his finger and he enjoyed carding his fingers through it. That was until his hand got stopped, his fingers no longer able to carry on their joyous journey. At first he thought it was a knot. Which was strange because the rest of his hair was so well kept. Flattening hair to the side, he made space so he could find the intrusion.
Intricate designs of swirling red, as thin as thread woven up small black bumps that were stuck into his scalp. It was delicate, so so pretty and even with a pinch would probably break. Inky mounds shaped perfectly and evenly with a shiny look like leather. It strangely looked smooth and feather light. Hoseok wondered how he had never seen them before. Carefully he traced the pattern of red swirling around the horn, checking how sharp they were as he pressed the tip of his thumb on the pointed edge.
Yoongi began to stir, a tickling sensation distracting his peaceful slumber. He whined rubbing his face upwards so he can continue feeling the soft action on his horns. His horns? His eyes shot open quicker than he's ever done anything in the morning, whimpering in his overcome fatigue state.
"Stop it, that tickles." he murmured, feeling Hoseok's chest tense under him. And the action stopped.
"I didn't know you had horns." Hoseok started, and Yoongi would have been lying if he didn't relish in the way the boy's body reverberated the sounds in deep vibrations far within him.
Yoongi shrugged in reply nuzzling back into the soft pillow.
"They're really cute."
Choking from embarrassment, Yoongi sat up. Coughing painfully as he looked towards Hoseok with eyes blown wide. "Cute! I am not cute." He sniffed, jutting his chin out defiantly.
His hair was still flattened against his head, his horns pointing out as he pouted his refusal.
Hoseok started cooing, loudly and obnoxiously. Reaching a hand out to squeeze the monsters cheeks. "You are the cutest thing in existence! Look at your little horns!" Followed by a prolonged 'aww.'
Huffing, Yoongi reached to his hair, scrambling the strands about until it was a mess that covered up his two horns. "I. Am. Not. Cute."
This made Hoseok laugh, trickling giggles that were so bright in the dark well. If sound could have a colour, Hoseok's would be golden.
"I know what you're going to say. And I will say it again: I'm not at all adorable." Yoongi scrunched his nose up as Hoseok's laughter carried on bellowing through. "Stop it!" He squealed, chucking himself on top of the human boy, straddling his lap and holding him down at his shoulders.
"Still cute." Hoseok mused, tapping the monsters small nose.
"Are you sure?" That sudden change of mood like a flick of a switch, overcame the room. Yoongi's humour became dark and even the lighting in the room portrayed him like the devil. His gummy smile became a snarl and his multicoloured eyes became hooded. Although as soon as that mood shifted it reverted to normal, as if it never happened, when Yoongi laughed his quiet sound. Almost coiling over with the sudden noise and he was in stitches. Tears welling up in his eyes and he tried to calm down, but it was all too funny.
Hoseok however, didn't understand at all what was funny. He timidly chuckled along, spending a bit too long watching how the monster clutched on to his arm as he contained himself. Yoongi was unnerving, being able to completely change his personality was something bizarre in itself. But the contrast in the two personas was crazy. They in no way correlated. He was most certainly insane with two personalities he picked from.
Sometimes he'd wish Yoongi just stayed in his soft bubbly form, so then his breath would stay in his lungs and wouldn't feel suddenly winded with nerves. Yet this dominant side to Yoongi kept him grounded and Hoseok was reminded that this cuddly boy was in fact his doom. That he couldn't giggle and cuddle with him, because this was part of his plan to kill him.
"You're so funny, Hobi!" At this point Yoongi was wheezing, wiping at his eyes to try and rid tears that didn't seem to stop flowing. "Your face was priceless!"
Hobi. Jungkook called him that, yet it seemed to roll off the monsters tongue so elegantly like the name belonged to him.
"Hobi? Have I said something wrong?" Yoongi's voice was right by his ear and looking to his left was met with the face of the monster with a full pout. "Talk to me, Hobi." Nose now rubbing into his cheek as another whine of the nickname slips past the monsters lips.

Oh, his lips.

A constant pout with his mouth so carefully set and they just looked so sinful.
Hoseok couldn't pull his eyes away from them, or him. Dusty pink lines so dangerously poisonous. One thought of the monster like that would become intoxicating. One leads to two, two leads to three and then want becomes need, need becomes lust. It was almost as if Yoongi could read his mind, shuffling himself that little bit closer so every puff of air fanned across the boy's skin and he could feel himself being pulled in. Morning haze and midnight feelings merging into the days with no times. His time was nearly over and would it be wrong to indulge that little bit into the devil's side?
Pushing his face a millimeter closer, Yoongi couldn't explain this magnetic force. As much as it was his doing, he didn't feel at all in control of his actions, Hoseok- a human boy- was in control of his head and heart. Sedating him with this new feeling and it was taking over his body, attracting him closer to his supposed meal. And like how opposite sides of magnets drag each other in, they were going under the influence of the other and didn't even notice.
The young human boy gasped audibly, pulling away until his back hit the cement floor again. Arms bent as he lent back against his elbows to stop himself from being consumed by the cold cement. "Shit" he mumbled, running a hand over his eyes to try and destroy the image of the monster, when he opened his eyes again Yoongi was still sat there, dazed and a sullen look plastered to his features.
"What was that?" The monster asked, no emotion evident is his voice, and he looked drained.
Hoseok shrugged, not even sure himself of what took over him. A battle continuing in his brain between life and death. 'He's your killer!' and other rational thoughts versus. 'But he's attractive.'
"I don't know, but I'm going to have a piss."



11. HUNGER
Chapter Summary
Yoongi realises Hoseok has human needs in the worst way possible.
Chapter Notes
2K?? Are you guys kidding me?! Thank you all so much you are all wonderful and I'll always be in debt to you guys. Hopefully this will fill your needs. Again, thank you. I can't quite believe it!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




After freshening himself up in the makeshift bathroom, Hoseok returned to the central area. He supposes the centre is more of a main hall that leads off to different rooms.
Now in the larger space, Hoseok stretched. Lifting his arms high above his head to get rid of all the little knots tied in his back from his uncomfortable sleep and excretion.
The toilet wasn't the most convenient (it hardly was a toilet in fairness). A simple hole in some stones that went up to about crouching level. He didn't know where his bodily fluids went, and wasn't quite sure he wanted to know. Just that when he twisted a metal knob, everything was gone. For a sink, there was a concave carved stone. Bumpy and with small mounds created from a lack of polishing yet the thought of sanitary was in place. Water trickled constantly from stones like how it did in the kitchen area and created splotches across the expanse of the sink. On the other side of the circular area was another large flow of water and with a guess, he assumed it was a makeshift shower. It looked cold but there was soap. Knowing that Yoongi cared for his own sanitation was a warming factor because a strange unsettling feeling lingered with Hoseok imagining him coated in germs.
However from relieving his bladder, Hoseok discovered that he was absolutely starving. It was as if from emptying his bladder it emptied his stomach. With a hand clasped to his gut, he made his way to the kitchen. Finding Yoongi slumped over the table sighing heavily to himself. A repetitive cycle where he inhaled a breath and tested himself of how long he could release it, resulting in a -slightly annoying- prolonged exhale.
"What are you doing?" Hoseok chuckled, quite enjoying Yoongi's state of boredom.
His intrusion into the room seemed to startle the monster as he choked in his next inhale and then began to struggle to meet the boys eyes. "Would you, uh, like a drink?"
Hoseok nodded "and some food please."
Yoongi froze.
"Food?"
"I'm not bothered what, if that's your problem, bread will do. Or fruit. I'm hardly fuss-"
"I don't have any kind of food here. Apart from you." His voice was monotonous and seemed to find great interest in the floor.
"Oh." Was all Hoseok could manage, the rumbling of his stomach being an elephant in the room and he hoped he was imagining it echo across the walls. "Then water will do, thank you." He tried to smile, a friendly offer that it didn't mean anything, yet he could see how Yoongi's jaw tensed and fists clutched tightly. He felt bad.
Ashamed of his own rudeness, Hoseok slinked his way towards Yoongi's shaking form. Grabbing both of his hands in his own to try and stop the tremors. "You're overreacting. I just won't eat."
"Don't you understand?" Yoongi hissed, turning away from Hoseok and trying to free his hands without much avail.
"Understand what?"
"It's all happening too soon." He mumbled to himself. "You're going to starve to death, Hoseok."
Palms turning slick with sweat, the boy squeezed the monsters hand reassuringly. "It's fine, you're going to kill me before then."
Yoongi was confused, how was Hoseok so calm about this all? His death seemed like such an easy topic yet was far from that. He grew frustrated, knowing he was going to be Hoseok's murderer. A boy who was literally a ray of sunshine, who wasn't afraid of anything- especially not Yoongi. The first person who actually was up to challenging Yoongi and fate itself just willingly allowing himself to die. The problem lied with the monster not wanting to kill Hoseok. Something deep within him was refraining the monster from attacking the human boy. Yoongi himself began to feel hunger bubble deeply inside of him, not eating for over a year and pangs of starvation coursed through his veins like a herd of hyenas. Delicious. Hoseok did look delicious. Smooth uncut skin and the whiff of blood was one he couldn't deny. A meal was placed out before him, with fatty muscle (from the lack of resistance Hoseok held up) put out before him on a silver platter yet Yoongi was reluctant to eat.
"Yes of course, you're right." Yoongi agreed and his acting skills were far from believable. "It's just we don't want you to have a lack of meat on your bones. Wouldn't make a sufficient meal." He attempted to make himself look terrifying, completely change the aura of his personality. Seeing Hoseok squirm and listening to his heart rate increase was an amusing experience on his behalf. "Now let's get you that water, hey?" He ripped his hands away from Hoseok's, already missing the silky warmth that radiated off of him.
Hoseok stood stunned. Hands shaking from starvation and fear. A combination of nausea churned with discomfort. Staggering over to the table, he took a seat. Looking down towards his trembling hands and how they twitched harshly. His stomach carried on rumbling audibly and rolled restlessly to try and make do of any kind of food and the more he thought of it, the more malnourished he felt.
"Sip up then." Yoongi's gruff voice mumbled, before making himself comfy opposite the boy. "Cheers." And he held his glass up, tilting it slightly towards Hoseok.
The boy, with an unsteady hand, chinked his glass with the monster. The sound making a screeching echo as he mumbled the word in return.
"If I did have some food, not that I'm willing to give you any..." Yoongi began, making clicking noises with his tongue that matched the drips of water free-falling to the bottom of the well. "What would you eat?"
Hoseok paused all movement, glass still sat between his lips and swallowed the plain liquid. "I'm not quite sure, anything really."
The monster huffed, not pleased with the response. "Oh c'mon Hobi. Do you really think I believe that? What did you eat when you were alive?"
"Well I'm alive now and I'm not eating anything." Hoseok muttered bitterly, rolling his eyes.
Laughing darkly, Yoongi shook his head, "You call this being alive Hoseok? Because let me tell you, meeting me will make you wish you were dead. I don't even think I remember the last time I felt alive, not with myself at least."
The boy looked down in annoyance. Did Yoongi really think he was all that evil or was this another one of his acts? If his want towards death was in the shape of confusion cut in half with unnecessary fear, then albeit. However why would Hoseok want death? He had been told he was going to die since before he knew the meaning of the word. So maybe this was living because he wasn't dead and should be. His life revolved around his death and that technically meant he was in the prime of his real life.
"I ask you again. What did you eat when you were alive?"
"Well.. Pizza was always a good one, pasta, chicken, beef, potatoes, tacos, churros, burgers, steak- I don't know Yoongi there was so much choice and so many things I didn't have." Feeling slightly stupid, Hoseok snapped. His body was continuing to shake from his starvation and the subject of food was mocking him on his own tongue. He could feel his own mouth salivate from the talk of food and right now he'd be a sucker for a sandwich.
"Okay then, I rephrase the question. What did you eat before you went to die?" Hoseok wasn't sure why Yoongi seemed to be obsessed with knowing what he ate. His tone was mocking but his face was entranced by the words that the boy spoke. The monster rested his head against the side of his hands that were propped up on his elbows.
Hoseok stuttered. "I had pancakes." Yoongi raised his eyebrow in interest before motioning for the boy to continue. "Uhm, they were really good. My mum and my sister made them together. Mum's cooking was always the best, she always made the best dishes and most nights we would have some of my favourite foods. Like then we had pancakes, because they were my favourite breakfast treat. Jungkook was with us too. He stayed the night, you see."
Yoongi sighed enjoying Hoseok's ramble.
"He always has sugar and lemon on his pancakes which I think is kinda gross because you obviously put chocolate spread and strawberries on them." Hoseok chuckled. "Oh god, what I'd do for those pancakes again!"

Jungkook, food, dizzy.

The boy cleared his throat and looked towards his empty glass of water. "I think I'll get another drink."

Food, dizzy, Jungkook.

Yoongi watched carefully as Hoseok stumbled under his own weight. "Sugar and lemon? That sounds quite nice."

Food. Dizzy. Jungkook. Dizzy.

"Y-yeah, I suppose it wasn't too bad just you needed quite a bit of sugar." Hoseok gripped to the desk, creamy skin taught over fragile bone.

Dizzy. Food. Dizzy. Jungkook. Dizzy.

"I guess if Jungkook had the same as you, it would've been boring. You know, opposites attract and all."

Dizzy. Dizzy. Help.


Dizzy. Jungkook. Dizzy.


Dizzy. I. Dizzy. Need. Dizzy.


You. Dizzy. Dizzy. Dizzy.

Shutting his eyes tightly, Hoseok forced the images of Jungkook out his head. Hating himself for even thinking of the idea, but he had to. His brain whirred constantly with thoughts he didn't have time to understand. They were gaining in size, in momentum. Building up higher than himself, crashing weight down. He felt weak. He was weak. Help him-

Blackout.




Chapter End Notes
Okay so that ending was a bit different, I hope it was understandable and it gives across the abstractness one would feel if they were to pass out. I thought that Hoseok wouldn't really know what was happening as he passed out so the lack of description of how he felt was to portray the confusion he felt in those moments. Yeah, so hopefully that's cool :)


FRIGHT
Chapter Summary
Poorly written chapter but this is something like 'sad times with Yoongi'
Chapter Notes
Today we got told about our speaking endorsement and that we should start considering what our topic is going to be and my teacher said I should do something like "Kpop and its struggles into mainstream media" and who knows, I might do it? I'll see what happens lmao

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Yoongi considered life in his well very slow moving. Although that wasn't technically true as before he knew it another victim was forced into his space. Days flew sluggishly. Passage of time was dawdling, never quite stopping but teetering on the edge yet seemed to move too quickly.
Times like when his next meal came down the well, everything was such a blur because eventually the sacrifices just wanted to die and the game no longer became fun. A year without food, however, was like waiting for a train that was cancelled. Seconds ticked minutes, ticked days, ticked forever. He had always wanted a clock, a strange request, to Yoongi it was a reminder that time was constant. That time wasn't irrational and played tricks on you because it's funny to see him suffer!
When the monster was first locked up he remembered how slowly everything seemed to be. Driving himself insane from the days that never seemed to pass. He eventually calmed down and it still seemed to drone past him. This time stagnant with the weight of guilt that crushed his bones from the inside out. He was a monster. Yet just as he was wallowing in his self-pity, a sacrifice was in the well with him. Dazed with hunger and mind clouded with the heady scent of human flesh he thought that the little game he loved to play was over too soon. Watching them cry in fear, worry themselves into madness, wishing for time to speed up so they could no longer feel the constant fear. It was as though time understood those people because it did speed up, rushing past all of them in a whirr of want. However, he knew that it was his lack of self-control that prevented time to move that little bit slower.
One thing that never happened was the two speeds of time interlocked. Never in his monster years could Yoongi remember where everything went too quickly and too slowly. The two things quite obviously never touched on ends of the spectrum.
Although at that moment, Yoongi thought the line of velocity curved until it was making a circle and the two contrary paces met.
Hoseok's body began to buckle. Body unable to hold up weight and he was falling. It all took place in slow motion yet too fast for Yoongi to comprehend.
The monster was moving briskly, moving to a sprint to try and catch Hoseok yet halfway he wanted to give up as he felt too slow and useless.
Hoseok's body lay slack and heavy in his arms. Head rolling back to hit Yoongi's shoulder and Yoongi was never one to consider himself weak but there was a definite show that he hadn't used weights in a while. Sitting back against his haunches he let the human drape over him, wrapping an arm loosely against the boy's waist. "Hobi? What happened, hm?" His heartbeat increased, moving for the both of them.
Not hearing a response, Yoongi raised a hand up to the boy's hair carefully carding trembling fingers through silky soft hair. This was how Hoseok woke him up but Hoseok didn't have sensitive horns perched on his head like the monster did. He wasn't a monster. He was a human. A human who needed to eat. Who didn't eat. Who was starved and half dead in Yoongi's arms.
The monster's arm followed the path from Hoseok's scalp down and down, following a loose strand of hair until he was comfortably cupping his cheek with a calloused thumb making delicate patterns. "Hoseok? You need to wake up. Please? For me?" And he may have been feeling insane but he was certain there was unexplained nausea building inside him, creating a blockage in his throat. But it wasn't something he could shift. His throat felt raw with confused terror with curled fingers pulling his throat taught. With a single glance, he felt the noose around his neck tighten, creating stuttered heaves leave his lungs. "Hobi, please! I- I don't know what to do-" He gasped brokenly, "I need to help you- but, I, I don't know what to do!" Hot, salty liquid fell from his eyes and splashed against the boy's hair. "Are you dead?" But he knew the boy wasn't, monster senses tingling with the freshness of live blood coursing freely.
With his chin hooking itself over Hoseok's shoulder, he begged. "Please, wake up. Please." He couldn't stop the monstrous growl that left his throat in annoyance because why couldn't Hoseok just obey him? Obey him this once where he needs him and not in a way of 'I am going to devour you so I can survive' but need as in human needs. Oxygen and water. He would've stated the humans need for food but laughed at the irony of it all.
Rubbing his nose into the slack crease of his cheek, he noticed how cold his skin was. In fact, Hoseok felt cold everywhere compared to the blazing heat Yoongi was.
Now he wished that in his youth when he was given books related to human health, he paid more attention instead of ripping them to shreds. Studied harder and at the moment he cursed every day of his past.
The hand that still cradled the boy's cheek carefully rubbed continuous circles into the smooth unblemished skin. "Oh, my Hobi. I'm sorry. You shouldn't be here." And he considered himself foolish for the tears that carried on pouring softly, pattering against the boy like rain against a window. He cuddled to him tightly as if his inanimate figure could stop the tears but he knew, oh, he knew, that the only thing that would stop them was if Hoseok's eyes fluttered open again.
"I know you're just sleeping, Hoseok. And I hope you're resting well. But next time, let me know you're going to sleep. I don't think it's good for my health knowing you can leave this quickly." He sighed, finding great comfort in the wall opposite them both. "I don't think I can cope with you dying on me, if you were to die I'd want to do it... Wow, Min Yoongi, that's so possessive of you." The monster scoffed at his own words. "I don't mean it like that, Hobi. You know that. I mean I'd rather I killed you softly. That sounds stupid, fuck. I wish I could tell you what I meant." He wiped meekly at his tear-stained cheek. "I- I care for you, Hoseok. I care."

If you cared, Yoongi, you wouldn't have tried to kiss him this morning. You know it's best for him if he stays away from you.

If Yoongi could understand his own feelings from the morning's events, maybe he could apologise or beg for forgiveness but he knew what he was doing. Totally aware of the fact that he was trying to kiss the sacrifice. He knew what he wanted. And what he wanted was to feel the sublime pleasure of his lips on Hoseok's.
Was it bad that Yoongi was disappointed he never got a bite of what could have been? Something deep inside him ached because Hoseok's lips looked so plush and perfect  
"You should stay away from me, Jung Hoseok. As much as I want to feel you against me, I will be no good. You know that as much as I do. So I apologise for this morning I would blame it on the morning haze but I know it's because I'm truly intoxicated by you. It'll be hard for me, but please let's stay far apart."
As his head his the chair behind him, Yoongi was brought around by the croaking voice from in his arms. Dry raspy throat creating a husky voice: "that'll be hard Yoongi..." a prolonged pause stumbled across the silence. "especially if you're supposed to kill me."



Chapter End Notes
Okay so, first of all, my apologies for how bad this chapter is. I know it could be better and I will work hard on not producing such shit chapters. 
Secondly, I can confirm that this book will have 20 chapters :)) hopefully, someone realises why I did that intentionally ;) although that does mean I have planned the fic to its last chapter :( I was actually very sad writing it because for some reason this has been a very emotional experience. Perhaps it's to do with the fact that this is the first work that I've ever published???? idk maybe.
Finally, with the news that this will soon be drawing to an end, I want to let you all know that I am currently working on another book and it's Taekook because ya bitch isn't fussy with her ships and it's all set in high school and Taehyung owns the school blog and Jungkook is a nerd and it's quite fluffy. The complete opposite of this angst shipwreck lmao. 
And I say this everytime, but I'll say it again, Thank you so so so much for all the support, I honestly find it crazy! 
If you want to become mutuals and stuff bc I like making friends hmu @niallsmxxnlight on twitter or @yoongiggle93 on Instagram, wattpad and tumblr (although I'm most active on twitter) but feel free to hmu in the DMs bc I'm v shy and am scared to start convos-
ps... give my pinned on twitter some love as I'm v funny-


RELIEF
Chapter Summary
Did Hoseok just make the biggest mistake of his life?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi could've burst into tears. Not those stress-filled tears from earlier that filled him with disgust and self-loathing but tears of joy. Hoseok was there.
Relief was a feeling he never had much use with, and those waves rolled in slowly, dampening his desert of a heart. The tide pushed and pulled taking away his saddened slumber and freshening him with safety.
Hoseok was far out at sea, submerged in the waves that crashed heavily. He was drowning, Yoongi thought, and he wished he could save him. But Yoongi was the water. A killer, his killer. No matter how many times he tried to scramble to reach Hoseok; save him from the gargantuan waves he couldn't help but notice the boy was in a worse state. No matter what he did, he couldn't save Hoseok.
The boy was going to die no matter what Yoongi did. He tried to be too much, the waves that were inside him tried to do everything all at once and how was that supposed to work? When the sea is made of so many parts. You can't be the sea on your own Yoongi. And that's where he stumbled.
"Hoseok, I need you to open your eyes, can you do that?" Yoongi's voice was strained, forced to be stable and not show his weakness of crying. Not that he didn't want Hoseok to know he cries-partly that- but because he couldn't believe he cried over his little sacrifice. What kind of monster was he? People were supposed to be scared of him, not himself to be worried sick over his own victim.
From the male in his arms, was a grunt. "It hurts." His voice sounded so far away, lost at sea.
Yoongi could understand that the weakness in the boy's body would prevent him from doing anything strenuous. But the monster needed to get lost in the abyss of the boys' eyes. To know that he was alive and that he didn't make up the tinted flecks of gold that glimmered in the boy's irises. "I know, I mean, I don't know, just look at me. Yeah? Just once."
**
Being brought to his senses, Hoseok was aware of a soothing tingle on his cheek. Although it was buried under pain in his dry throat. His body felt tired. He was tired. Physically and mentally drained yet he'd literally been unconscious for god knows how long.
Maybe it was his overbearing fatigue that made him not think straight but he could hear the pain in the voice. He could feel the bubble of stress that blocked his throat and the silent prayers that rolled off his tongue. There were fewer prayers and more begs. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Hoseok recognised the sound and related it to a friend of his. His mind seemed to suppress the face of this friend, however. Locking him away in the jail of his deepest sadnesses that seemed a lot heavier than he remembered.

Jungkook.

That was it. The name of his good friend.
"What about Jungkook?" The circular rubbing motion came to a halt and no this wasn't Jungkook.
His friend was warmer than the body underneath and less boney.

You're not Jungkook.

Where was Jungkook? This was all too confusing for the male. His brain was turning cogs that were draped in spider's silk and hopefully any time soon they would work quickly that he could open his eyes and see Jungkook again.
"I'm Yoongi, remember? The monster." A childish growl followed and this was some strange joke, Hoseok thought.
Wait.
Monster?

Monsters don't exist, silly.

Although it was as if everything started piecing together. All that happened in the last couple of days was beginning to take shape and when you remember something as painful as this, you wish you could forget.
His body began to tremble, wave after wave of fear tumbling through his spine and he was a boat lost in a stormy ocean. He struggled. Forcing his eyes to open and bear the pain of a thousand worries piled on top of each other.
It was hard. His brain resisted telling him he wouldn't like whats out there as if it knew that the monster was real and this whole bizarre lie was going to become reality. With strength that he felt too weak to have, he fluttered his eyelashes open, being met with the most horrifying view he thinks he'd ever seen.
Yoongi peered down, eyes filled with bottled up tears, downcast on the boy with such dread and murder swirling around delicately. Dazzling ruby radiating and seeping into his bloodshot sclera. His mouth dropping open and he had never looked so menacing.
The tremors through his body carried on deeply and he could feel the monster tense to try and stop it although his strength was nothing compared to what it could've been.
"Hobi, Are you okay?" He whispered, pressing the pad of his thumb to his cheek.
A wave of anger overtook the boy as he flicked his head around away from the hand, finding no comfort in it.
"Wha-"
"Don't touch me." His voice was as animalistic as the monster next to him. He let his breaths roll out heavily, preventing falling of tears because he wasn't a person who would cry yet he'd been doing a lot of it lately. "You liar. I know this was your plan to kill me."
Thick, suffocating quietness filled the room choking both men senseless.
Yoongi swallowed harshly. "Do you believe that?"
Panting breaths, coloured with regret and seeping with distaste rolled out of Hoseok's lungs. "I'm sorry. I took that too far-"
"Do you think I was going to kill you?"
Arms that were so softly holding the boy became vices resisting every movement and keeping Hoseok placed in the awkward, unwanted situation of answering that question. His mouth opened and closed knowingly filling him with excess oxygen but not the words he so desperately needed. "I mean, I have every right to believe it." Yoongi nodded next to him. "You're my killer. The reason I'm down here in the first place. So why wouldn't you?"
The monster calmed, breathing deeply and shutting his pretty eyes. "I need you to look me dead in the eyes." He started. Trying to not show his sudden elation when he felt the careful movements Hoseok made. When he blinked open again those startlingly beautiful brown eyes of Hoseok stepped into view. A swirling world of pained youth and faked strength glistening hopefully. "You don't have to believe what I say, but it's all true."
Hoseok, feeling dizzy with sudden movements clutched tightly to the collar of Yoongi's oversized shirt. Nodding his head quickly.
"I'm evil. Yes?" His question made the boy stop moving his head. "But you, Hoseok, make me want to be good."
Eyes longingly stared into Hoseok's own, making him uncomfortable and felt the need to look away quickly. But how could he when Yoongi looked at him so strongly, with a misinterpreted sadness dwelling in his bright red eye that hid behind the self-hatred and his greed. What was he to do, Yoongi confessed that he wasn't evil in a way that also admitted his growing feelings. Feelings he wasn't too sure about himself, ones that left him feeling weak and stupid and vulnerable. A monster, for crying out loud, felt submissive under a human boy's influence. Was willing to do anything to keep the boy alive because he realised that this encounter was more than just a meal.
Maybe this was the governments' plan, Yoongi thought. Send down someone with a sunshine smile and ethereal eyes that will make him regret every meal he had. So he would die in his own wallowing because he realised he was a mistake, a wrong force of nature, an outcast. And if that was the plan, by God, it was working.
The boy sighed, confusion brushed across his face as watercolours. "Okay, I see."
"What do you see?"
A pent-up breath released itself from the confines of Hoseok's mouth. Arms still clutching the monster's shirt messed their way across the front until softly cupping one of the monsters delicately porcelain cheeks into his palm. Eyes shutting so the monster's expression wasn't in his brain.
Yoongi watched carefully as Hoseok leant in, forehead touching his own and the boy was feather-light in his actions. An odd sensation forced his own hand to hook itself on to the back of the boy's neck and he felt the urge to keep his pressed there but before he knew it, Hoseok was pulling away. Only slightly but a pout quickly formed on his lips.
Their eyes met briefly, both of them silent as the other slyly took a glance down. "Hoseok, you do know what you're asking for?" His voice stifled and not reaching higher than a whisper.
"I'm not an idiot, Yoongi."
With their hands still grabbing tightly at each other, a magnetic force dragged them in until their lips touched.

Jung Hoseok just kissed his killer.




Chapter End Notes
Firstly, I apologise for how long it has taken for me to update. I honestly have no excuse for it apart from exam season has been upon me and I'm just a very slow writer. I did go through a period where I lost all confidence in this book but I'm going to try and keep it going because it is the first book I've ever written and I can't just stop at the first hurdle. 
On a happier note. THINGS HOSEOK DID: T H A T!!!!! we love character progression. 
Also, BTS' world tour is a thing that happened... are they coming to your country and did you get tickets? I got tickets for London so I'm very happy :)
It happens in every chapter notes, but THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR READING. Each comment I receive on this with your thoughts and opinions honestly makes me so happy and I'll gladly take any constructive criticism. 
Lotta Love!


ABSENCE
Chapter Summary
A bit of bliss never goes amiss.
Chapter Notes
I apologise in advance if this makes you cringe.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Four days.
Four measly days.
Four measly days and Yoongi hadn't gone near him.
Four measly days of Yoongi not going near him since that encounter.
Four days of insanity and longing.
Hoseok was sat up against what could've been a bed. An itchy blanket dumped on top of his lap. He wasn't sure when the last time he used the bed to its full purposes was. He was wide awake, restless with consciousness. Yet, on the other hand, he was tired. Tired of waiting for Yoongi to come near him, to make a move and let them come to an agreement that what happened was a mistake. A rush of feelings that were misinterpreted in their heated moments. But how much of a mistake was it really? When he knew too well he was in full control of his body and emotions and how they both even consented to it.
Maybe now he regretted it because all he could think of was Jungkook and how he betrayed him like that. Those feelings he was more than certain about for him, pushed under sand and placed into its own well and forgotten.
Was he forgetting Jungkook? After twenty years of friendship was he moving on? Was Jungkook moving on, more to the point? His friend who he spoke to with such fragility and kept feelings of love hidden from. Would never even dare consider such an act with Jungkook that he'd did with Yoongi.
Convulsing at the thought of losing what was his closest friend, he wrapped the blanket tighter over him.
Yoongi held him like this.
Tight in his arms with fingers of talons pressing wonderfully white marks into his hip. Bruises of an unknown type of commitment blossoming in patterns almost as beautiful as the monster himself.

His grip was secure, a misleading safety of the evil the monster was hiding. Just from the closeness, Hoseok whimpered. Lost in the bittersweet of unprecedented feelings and the abyss of whatever was to come next. Skin was hot, feverishly burning and grasping, branding each other as their own. Selfishly devoted to the other because skin on skin had never felt so good.


Hoseok gasped for air, spending a short moment to admire the dusty rose covering tinting his partners' usually dull cheeks however his wandering eyes soon fell closed again as Yoongi growled- growled- for him to place his plush lips against his own and their two worlds mixed like liquor.


The monster was rain, thick, heavy rain that never relented. Stuck to your skin and washed away previous encounters. He was not just a raindrop to Hoseok, but the whole cascade that pummels your window in the beast of a storm. The monster was rain that scared children and forced everyone to stay inside. Made you shiver and hide just from the mere thought. But rain flourished. In its thousands it was able to let vegetation grow, provides homes for fish and sea life. The rain was beautiful in ways sunlight could never be. Hoseok always liked the rain.


Parting his mouth slightly, Hoseok let the monster take the lead. To see what he wanted, where he wanted this to escalate to. Did they want the same thing? Were they allowed to have the same thing? Yoongi groaned, somewhere deep in his chest and Hoseok was lucky enough to feel the vibrations ripple through his rib cage. The monster pushed at the younger's hips begging silently to lay down, to let him have that more power: and Hoseok complied.


Back aching from the harsh coldness of the concrete below, he leaned towards Yoongi and the touches he provided. The monster slid a hand under the shirt and rummaged across the expanse of the human boy's back. Feeling the tenses in muscles and the pull on his shoulder blades.


Yoongi detached his lips from Hoseok and smiled at the masterpiece he created. Art should always be admired and it just so happened Yoongi had a specific taste for pretty boys with bitten lips and glassy eyes. Hoseok's cheeks flamed pink, burning deeply into his skin and leaving his feeling feverishly hot under the monster's gaze. He was well aware of the monster noticing his flustered cheeks, by the cheeky smirk that painted his mouth.


"You're such a pretty boy." Yoongi hummed. "Could eat you all up."


Swiftly dipping his head, Yoongi connected his bruised mouth against the unmarked porcelain column of the boy's neck. Fresh skin that wouldn't have been touched by anyone, but if it had would never have been marked like how the monster would do it. Would never have been claimed.


"You're mine now, hm?" Yoongi taunted, dragging his bottom lip carefully up the boy's neck reaching his earlobe, enjoying the shiver that rolled through his preys back. "All mine."


Feeling lightheaded from all going on, Hoseok was gasping for air, raking his fingers through the monster's hair and with a subtle strength pulled him down so he was flat against his own chest.


And that's how they stayed, Monster Yoongi caged in and replaced with a soft baby who enjoyed to press tender kisses against Hoseok's jugular.


But something changed in Yoongi and since then he's not gone near Hoseok.

The present-day boy trembled, wishing he knew what he did wrong so he could do something about it. Was he angry? At Hoseok? At himself? Did he regret it? Maybe if he did, with a knock on the chin he was sure he could take it, his unrequited feelings.
***
Sobbing.
It was ringing in his head.
It was ringing in his head and he couldn't make it stop.
What was worse was the monster knew he was the cause of that horrific sound.
And what hurt was that he couldn't do anything to help the poor boy because he would just end up killing him.
Tingling senses kept Yoongi alert that Hoseok was about. He couldn't forget Hoseok even if he tried. If anything he had to remember Hoseok or else his monster side would kick in and end his preys life. In fact, it would end his own also. That he was sure of.
Uncertainty, however, bubbled like a lidded pan on the boil. He was not strong enough for this. No way in hell would he be able to control his appetite. The monster side of himself stronger than the human half. With ease, he could snap, forget what Hoseok was to him- whatever that might be- and treat him like the rest of them. It didn't help that the boy was so enticing. That he was so complying with the idea of the monster sinking his teeth into his neck and tearing his limbs off one by one. And that delicate smell of honey that filled the room whenever he was present. How Yoongi could still taste the delectable sweetness on his lips every time he just simply licked them. He had a taste. That sickliness stuck in his brain and he can have more, but it comes at a cost.
So he had to distance himself. After knowing what he could taste- it was on the tip of his tongue- he had to refrain to succumbing to that pleasure of being able to devour Hoseok for blood and flesh until he was only a pile of bones. Yet that satisfaction wouldn't be as long-lasting as the guilt that wrapped around his neck and pulled his heart out.
Would he starve for Hoseok? He doubted he was strong enough for that. Not when he could feel his mouth salivating from the boy being across the spindly halls across the well.
It made sense, to leave Hoseok be (at least to Yoongi it did) just until he got himself in a mental state where he wouldn't go rabid from the smell of him. 
But as Yoongi sat at the furthest end of the table from the door, he realised his plan had a flaw. A big flaw at that.
Heart rate increasing, adrenaline burning and hunger consuming, his fervid eyes scanned towards the entrance, demeanour darkening instantaneously.
With a tear stained face and brown blanket in hand, Jung Hoseok met eyes with the ravenous monster.
"Yoongi, how could you."



Chapter End Notes
WAHEY LOOK SHE'S BACK!!!
This was my first time writing something that was *supposed* to be sort of erotic so I know it's bad. 
Also, does anyone have a clue on how you order the new army bomb because I've been looking about and I see nothing *-*
I hope you are all well,
Thank you for 3K (wtf g u y s)
Lotta Love, K


FIGHT
Chapter Summary
Yoongi and Hoseok have a heart to heart
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




It's funny how his anger began to rise. Hoseok remembers just sitting, complaining about Yoongi and his ways when he suddenly felt distaste towards the beast. It grew rapidly on his tongue, he began cursing the name of the monster, feeling it take over each weakened limb. It was a forest fire spreading through his body and he couldn't explain where it started but he knew it ended with him feeling empowered enough to stand and take shaky steps towards wherever Yoongi was.
He felt weak, the bloating in his stomach making him feel uncomfortable and he had this unexplainable loathing towards his captor. He should've felt like this all along, Hoseok mused. His feet dragging him closer and closer to the monster.
What would he say? Inwardly praying that he wouldn't jump Yoongi's bones the minute he saw him but he was certain that he wouldn't have minded the consequences. Would he try and outpower Yoongi, tell him he won't stand for whatever game he was playing and would much rather be killed off quickly? Or would he take one look at those soft kitten eyes and the complaints fuse short on his tongue? He wanted the former. To be able to stare Yoongi in the eyes, his brash anger more terrifying than the glint that always had Hoseok trembling.
He wanted Yoongi to know that he wasn't here to suffer. That he knew his lines as a sacrifice and this whole thing was Yoongi's fault and if he wouldn't let him free anytime soon he would escape. His plan for freedom wasn't sorted but he was more than certain he could muster something up.
The dark scaly walls were dull, pulsating rage into his veins and he could feel its takeover, turning his brisk walk into a knowing march with feet slamming against the concrete floor, the sound resonating across the corridor. His march became a run, the need to get his point across became unbearable. Seething with rage, if he was a cartoon he would definitely have steam billowing out of his ears. It was thought consuming, taking over every fibre of his brain until it finally hit a wall and that was when he saw Yoongi sat right in front of him.
Dark brooding eyes snapped up. Pupils dilating as if intoxicated by some drug. The frown that adorned his face tugged into a grimace and he was so obviously in pain but all that Hoseok could think, see, hear was his anger and the words soon tumbled out his mouth.

"Yoongi, how could you."

The monster was wrong. Everything he did was wrong but so fitting to his killer attitudes. He could've done more and he knew that Yoongi failed to accept what was happening just as Hoseok did before he went down the well, which seemed so many moons ago.
Regretting his rash actions, Hoseok trembled, watching how Yoongi's mouth seemed to water acknowledging his presence.
"Hoseok, please don't come any closer" and you could hear the self-restraint Yoongi was holding in every word he uttered. And Hoseok always liked to play fire with fire and took two obviously large steps into the room, Yoongi reacting by cringing into his milky arms.
"Don't you think it's been too long since we last saw each other hmm?" He mocked childishly, "you've left me all alone for so so long."
Yoongi stuttered harshly, "Hoseok... I beg you-"
"Beg me to what? Huh? Leave? Because I can't quite do that, you know. I'm stuck down this lousy well whether I like it or not."
It carried on, Hoseok shot down anything Yoongi had to say. Watched his knuckles whiten with the pressure they forced on the cool stone in his palms. Laughed at his incomprehensible sentences. Seethed at his bottom lip bitten blood raw with his teeth.
"C'mon Yoongi. My killer. If you're so strong and powerful why won't you end me right now? What's stopping you, huh?" He shook his head when he didn't receive an answer. "Unless that's all a lie. You're just a weak, powerless slob who's no longer got the guts to kill people. Maybe you finally realised how much misery you've brought to so many innocent people's lives and are just sat wallowing in self-pity-"
"Hoseok. Shut. Up. Please." His weak trembles became violent earthquakes of his bones.
"Oh, so you do spea-"
"I said shut up!" He finally roared, slamming his fists down against the charcoal black table.
Guilt riding the room, it hushed both armies. Their ammunition runs low and the bullets lying on No Mans Land between them. With perfect timing, Yoongi broke into tears. Streaks staining his soft cheeks and running wildly down his face but they angered him more, chasing down more viciously until he was sobbing on his knees, his hands pushing into his eyes to stop them with not much avail.
This is not what Hoseok wanted. Where was Yoongi slamming him against a wall leaving perfectly placed bruises against his neck? What did he do wrong in his unbreakable plan that caused the monster to fall to his knees in surrender? What on Earth was happening?
Cautiously, not knowing what the response would be, Hoseok took the few steps across the room, a place he knew was too unsafe for his weak human body, to stand by Yoongi.
Growls fell into whimpers as a comforting hand pressed itself into the sobbing creatures shoulder blade, but it didn't help Yoongi at all.
Hoseok was everywhere but nowhere where he should be. That being his neck choked in his grip as he steals his life away breath by breath. He could feel his presence and it pained him because one look would stop his tears but end his preys life. The smooth fingers on his skin burned and prickled with goosebumps and the gnawing hunger doubled in size. His scent was swirling in new patterns and he was well and truly intoxicated.
"Please don't cry." the voice came from right in front of Yoongi and he had to flinch away from the abruptness. "I didn't mean to make you cry."
Chuckling at his naivety, the monster snarled. "Do you really believe that you were able to make me cry? How wrong could you be? It's not you Hoseok, not at all, it's me. It's what I can do that will eventually hurt you. Your words mean nothing to me. Nothing. I've heard worse. But I can so easily break you, don't you understand?"
"Are you trying to be good for me? Yoongi, you are no saint and you're pretending that you're doing the right thing here. I know what you are Yoongi, I know you're the 'big scary monster' so start acting like one and end my life! It's the only reason I'm here anyway!" Hoseok stood up, threw his arms out in exasperation and glared at Yoongi.
Flaming to life, Yoongi took his stand, mismatch eyes demon-like. "You don't mean that." Hoseok defiantly nodded. "No. You don't mean that" One stepped closer. "You're such a liar." He breathed the last sentence down Hoseok's ear, the scene became all too familiar. "Look at you, you're already so scared of me; I haven't even placed a finger on you."
They stilled, Yoongi pressed his cool cheek against Hoseok's own, feeling the blood pulsate and rise up his face and neck, he smirked, inhaling the fresh scent of blood that was so irresistible to his monster-kind. "You're a liar, Jung Hoseok. Not only to me but to little Jungkook as well. Remember him? Oh, I'm sure you do." Hoseok went to retaliate but words fell short of his tongue. "You lied to him, saying you were going to die from a monster but just look at the predicament now."
"That's more your fault than mine."
"I guess so. But those 'i love you's' you so desperately felt, that little story you told me, and now you're in my hands, begging." He purred, running a hand through Hoseok's hair.
Spluttering, Hoseok redeemed himself. "For you to kill me! Don't make this something it isn't!"
Yoongi moved so they faced each other, that ruby jewelled eye burning stronger than ever in the heady haze of their embrace. "Now don't rush ahead. That was your lie to me, wasn't it? You don't really want to be killed, do you?"
Silence.
"Of course, you're human. You like to believe there's a bit of hope that something good will happen." He mocked a gasp. "Maybe you'll escape!"
It took courage to not lash back at the monster, Hoseok bit his tongue knowing from that look the monster gave he was trying to get a reaction. "What about you then, Yoongi."
"Well, what about me?"
"Why haven't you killed me yet." He asked, bluntly.
Tutting knowingly, the monster unravelled his limbs from around Hoseok, straightened out his white shirt and began pacing.
"Answer me, Yoongi! Tell me right now why I'm not dead. Are you waiting for me to go insane or what?" Like a storm off the coast, Hoseok could feel his temper rising.
Fingers tangled into the monster's own hair and he gripped at it frustrated. "I haven't killed you..." He groaned as if in pain, "because... I care?" Fingers tightened. "I care about your measly life just a bit more than the others, okay?"
"You don't want to kill me... because you love me?"
"No! I just-" Quickly, he ran towards Hoseok and wrapped his arms tightly around his neck and forcibly pressed his lips to his own.
Sparks erupted and everything Hoseok ever wanted seemed to dissipate into thin air because nothing felt the same as the pleasure from Yoongi's mouth against his own. It was intoxicating in ways that were bad for his health, but then was Yoongi ever good for him? He could feel everything Yoongi wanted to say like some magic spell but this was real, oh so real.
"-that. That's what I feel and I don't know what it means or what to do with it but I know it's stopping me from killing you."



Chapter End Notes
First, you all have my apologies. I'm so soo sorry it's taking me so long to upload chapters. I was supposed to finish this whole book over the summer break but here I am in OCTOBER with a single crappy chapter. I really lost momentum in this fic and started two new ones and it really stopped becoming a priority. I will try and finish it off at least by the end of November but my main goal is before Halloween. I know I've always preached that I would never force writing and I promise I'm not, just you all deserve to know how this ends and once I've finished I can start more exciting projects which I'm really looking forward to!
I hope you're well and doing okay,
All the love as always,K.


HISTORY
Chapter Summary
Yoongi tells the truth.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Dazed and leaning against Hoseok's shoulder, Yoongi slung an arm across the male.
Something in the blissful silence between the two spoke millions. It told them that whatever was happening at that moment, was right. If all was evil in the world they had finally found good.
For once Yoongi didn't feel like his monster self and he remembered how it felt to be a normal human being. How it felt to be held by someone he loved and the cascading amounts of warmth that filled him. He had quite forgotten how good it felt, to be encased in lover's arms as they stare out into the starry black abyss with no other thought than each other.
Yoongi fidgeted a sudden outburst of remembrance that this wasn't going to last and that Hoseok was going to leave. Cringing, he curled himself delicately into Hoseok's neck, burying his nose into the familiar scent and only a few minutes prior this would've made him go insane with ravish hunger but now seemed dull compared to his overwhelming amount of feelings. If that was what he could call it. His cool nose tipped into the lean structure of his neck, he gently pressed kisses there, gaining the attention of the male and he'd be lying to say he didn't love the attention.
"Yoongi~" he breathed softly, shifting under the sensation. "Yoongi."
A soft hum emitted from the throat of the monster.
"Can I ask you something."
A nod.
"How did they trap you down here?"
And it all seemed to freeze.
Did Hoseok make the wrong move again? He'd been doing that a lot lately. Maybe his lack of food and his body resulting to itself for glucose and energy had altered his brain and made him a complete imbecile when it came to making choices but that ramble died out when Yoongi began to speak.
-x-
It happened just over half a century ago.
A tranquil village filled to the brim with high-class families all doing their structured daily routine marched through the streets. The faint neighing of horses and the plodding of their hooves running out into the distance.
Houses were built of limestone and caged the town, growing 3 stories up with clothes hanging out across the windows. The main housing area made a communal square known to the locals as Central Well due to the water storage located in the middle that used to be a supply to those centuries before them.
Yoongi remembered it well. A 22-year-old entrepreneur who did quite well with the ladies although due to the summer weather there was a slightly nasally tone to his usually chirpy voice, hay fever taking its course like it did every year.
He was on a commute to work, like every Tuesday morning, taking the same route to do the same thing and to be the same person. He liked his work, don't get Yoongi wrong it just needed a bit of spicing up (that's how he put it anyway). It got tedious very quickly, that's why he took the walk past Central Well, in the summertime, it was always different. The splashes of water from the fountain made different shapes and patterns whilst still looking effortlessly pretty and it was soothing. Yoongi loved the sound of running water, it calmed his nerves. At lunch, on an extremely stressful day, he would find himself sat on a rock nearby, a book in one hand and a sandwich in the other and he felt at peace.
But on this Tuesday morning, the skies were a dismal grey and had this stuffy feel to them as if they were trapping Yoongi in. It made his lungs feel tight, this humid and dismal weather. Yoongi would've much rather it rained so the feeling would disperse but the sky held out, as defiant as ever. It was hard to see where the sky ended and the buildings started: it all rolling into one blank canvas but Yoongi knew exactly what the buildings looked like, could describe easily the pretty patterns of ivory that twined their way up cream walls like a lover pining for attention.
He knew how the back alleyways were always lit up with lanterns that school children decorated and that he too when he was young, decorated as well. "It was to make the civilians feel safe" the government boasted, watching as their murder rates lowered and their position as 'best village to live in' increased.
Yoongi knew all about the town and the security it provided but seemed to know little about his pending fate.
An ominous roll of thunder sounded causing Yoongi to subconsciously quicken his pace, he was thankful a storm was on its way as it would clear the humid atmosphere however deep inside something whirred knowingly, a broken fire alarm that goes off with no sound.
He noted that the area was completely bare of people and that nauseating feeling of fear doubled in size. Before he could even register what was happening- he was running. Footsteps rumbled from behind and thank the lord he wasn't alone yet as he turned around to see the figure he was met with stoneworks and creaking shop signs. Worry wasn't something Yoongi had a lot of experience with, his life was quite basic however he knew the signs almost as soon as they arrived and who was he to deny that gut-churning feeling.
In his haste, he blundered. His footsteps carelessly leading him to a dead end. Black bin bags piled above each other in a stinking community of banana peels and rotting meat. Heavy footfalls emerged from somewhere behind and colour ran out of his face like he wished he was able to. A dirty laugh like grit resounded from under a hooded cape. Figure blanked out as if he was just shadowy darkness. It approached him. Screams got caught behind his manly pride and his jaw fell open.
It tutted disapprovingly as Yoongi rose his arms above his head in surrender before lurching forward and grabbing him by the chin harshly. Grubby fingers turning like talons. A whimper rose from deep within before a small prick hit his neck.
Slamming Yoongi's stunned body to the floor it disappeared. For a moment Yoongi felt fine, confused perhaps and a bit startled. Without warning a sudden heat pierced his neck like a wildfire it began to grow seizing him limb by limb until he was sweating under a fever. Knees buckled, brains buzzed, eyes bleared until darkness engulfed him.
Wakening, he found himself in the same alleyway only this time a young girl in a pink pinafore sat beside him a simple question tumbling out her mouth like a mantra.
"Are you okay? Excuse me, Sir, are you alright? Are you hurt? Do you speak Korean? Sir, do you want me to call an Ambulance? Sir! Sir? Can you hear me?"
He could hear her alright, he could hear each valve of her vein bob back and forth, he could almost feel the thrumming of her Type A blood, and the sound of her beating heart became too much to bear like it was playing in his brain and it became tedious too quickly. He had to stop it.
Stop her beating heart.
His blazer being used as a gag seemed almost pointless, Yoongi thought. Her screams were too loud. This second use of his black blazer also caused a spray of red to paint his once pristine white shirt. He wiped his mouth using the back of his arm causing another streak to marks his milky skin. He snickered looking at the lifeless form before retreating out of the dead end.
What was derelict when he entered the backstreet was now teeming with people that had the same mortified expression copied and pasted on to each figure, he frowned, shifting under their strong gaze. A hand raking through his coal-like hair but pausing from a horn?
That's when it hit him.
He just ate a child. 
Retching uncontrollably, Yoongi couldn't stand the murderous glances. He surged forward to escape the hoard but a barrier of bodies refrained movement and he let out a growl before shoving an elderly woman who started a domino effect into the crowd. That's when he legged it.
His bathroom sink was now covered in children's blood as he paced up and down his one bedroom apartment, white shirt burning in the coal fire. He felt sick, he was sick. He was monstrous, in fact. A quick dash leads him in front of his bedroom mirror. Growing at the top of his head were two black horns, intricate sewings of red swirling up and up, they weren't grown pointed but instead two little stubs, he imagined a teenage Halloween party and the revealing outfits women would wear. His usually hopeful eyes had changed, whilst one looked distressed and very much like his own (the deep brown that almost blended into his pupil) the other was a bloody red- it reminded him of the blood spilling on that pink dress. Although that wasn't the only thing he noticed, whipping slowly behind him, starting from his coccyx, was a tail. In his hand, it was heavy, scaly to touch and pure muscle.
Uncontrollable hatred (to whatever this creature was that seemed to be growing on him) made him irrational and he stomped into the kitchen- had his footfalls always been that heavy? Grabbing the largest knife he could find he swung repeatedly at the snake-like thing growing out his back. Maybe if he did it now, he could stop this leech from growing off of him, little did he know the monster was inside of him.
He screamed out, the pain unbearable but no blood poured out instead it swiftly sewed itself into a stump like those on his head.
That's when the police came in.
Barging through his quiet apartment as if they owned the place. Human Yoongi disliked the law, Monster Yoongi wanted to kill them.
He couldn't stop himself from lurching forward, knife poised towards the ensemble-
A dart to the leg, and he was out.
It hurt, that's all Yoongi could decipher, a lethargic haze controlling his insides. His arms had a dull ache and his ankles were rubbing up harshly against wooden panels. Before his eyes opened he knew he was tied to a chair and with an easy strength he ripped himself out, the thick metal cuffs locking around his wrists like bracelets. Two men, one in a suit and the other in police uniform, stood in front with their arms above their head.
The one in the suit spoke up: "Look, we just want to talk." His voice was authoritative and made human Yoongi shrink. He looked him dead in the eye and watched as he grimaced.
"I have nothing to say."
"Well, we have questions."
The police officer contributed with a frightened and quick "Yeah!"
Many queries were fired Yoongi's way and after what felt like an eternity he had told them all he knew about his rampage of devouring the child and the hooded figure who came after him. He was able to be civil, which felt strange in his ticking-time-bomb of a body. In a local bookshop, novels based on Vampires were becoming increasingly popular and as he retold his tale he felt as though he was a mediocre version of them.
After the storytelling, Yoongi was shoved into a science lab. Skin cells scraped off answering him as human but they knew he wasn't. He was tortured: starved of water and food. Each time his doctor arrived he felt an impulsive need to rip his throat and douse himself in the blood. These people were experienced however and laughed at his outbursts before knocking him out with laughing gas.
When he was stable enough to be able to hold a conversation with the scientists they explained to him the results of their intensive torturous research.
"Min Yoongi of Min's Solicitors Daegu, you have been injected with a dose of an unknown concoction with a high dosage of Acetaminophen and ecstasy. These high levels cause high pressure and mixed with this unknown substance has left you... altered."
"Can we reverse the conco-... potion?"
"Because so much of it is unknown I doubt it."
"So what will I do?"
"You will die Min Yoongi. You are a threat to the human race and you'll be hunted by those who oppose your mutation's existence. However, the Government have come to the conclusion that if we can contain you, then you can live."
"What about water? And food?"
"We will discuss that at a later date but for food, it seems your digestive system rejects anything that isn't human flesh or blood."
-x-
Yoongi's voice broke as he finished his story, in his exclamation he had risen and began to pace as if the thoughts put into his movements would outshine those that reminded him of his past.
Hoseok stayed sat, watching every fidget and twitch in the monster's body. It was like meeting him again for the first time, this meek boy who seemed way too innocent to be able to hurt someone. Hoseok was sure he was an innocent soul.
"In a way, I envy you." Yoongi spat bitterly.
"Me?" Was all Hoseok could muster because he was hardly anything special by human or monster standards.
"This whole time, you knew what was going to happen to you. I never knew that. Everything was so disastrously spontaneous. I wish I had time to learn my fate before it happened." He took his seat by Hoseok and allowed the male to card his fingers through his own hair, feeling satisfied with the soothing feeling.
"Sometimes it's not good to know what's going to happen to you." He pondered. "It leads you to overthink too much and every single breath you take you just know it's taking you closer to what's at the end and that always scared me." He paused to let everything sink in. "But... Yoongi perhaps that's why I l-like you."
"Huh?"
"Because you're spontaneous and I never know what's next. You're the reason I'm alive."



Chapter End Notes
WADDUPPPPP IM BACK Y'ALL WE'RE VERY NEAR THE END NOW YEET


POISON
Chapter Summary
Maybe there is an end to it all?
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Hoseok was taught that as one flower blossomed another one died. That saying was used throughout his life to explain different scenarios, for example, a man's greed. As he became more obsessed with the objects surrounding him the less he came in touch with those he cared about. His repugnant flower was thriving taking in all the sunlight and as it grew and grew more people turned away in disgust.
The proverb also held true to relationships- he knew it from a personal encounter- if one person bloomed a friendship or something more with someone else it seemed that they no longer had time for Hoseok. It's happened with his strongest friendship and he hated how the pretty daffodil that ran off nutrients from his blood and soul could so easily die upon him and that gut-wrenching feeling that he couldn't save it at least not on his own. Of course, that relationship was with Jungkook and when the younger boy went off to pursue his crush. Hoseok was selfish, he admits that, but he wasn't going to let their flower die.
At that point in time, he felt it complied with his situation. As his relationship with Yoongi progressed and burst into life he felt himself slowly withering away. As one flower blossomed another one died- and Hoseok was dying. Everything seemed to be going so smoothly. Yoongi was able to control his hunger by developing a large amount of self-restraint and pressing chaste kisses on Hoseok's skin. For once in the human boy's life, he felt alive. Yoongi made him happy and it seemed to no longer bother him that he was a killer, perhaps it was because he now knew something different about the monster. Every second with him made his heart erupt into little butterflies that danced through his veins though he could feel his lungs wilt like winter hitting a bunch of roses.
It was painful, to say the least, to smile at Yoongi when he told a terrible joke or complimented Hoseok and what felt worse was that Hoseok was aware the monster knew. He wasn't stupid. He could see the pitiful glances as he heaved over in excruciating pain from his intestines squeezing on nothing. Yoongi was fully aware of the state Hoseok was in yet you could see that glint in his eyes saying that he hoped it would pass.
It wouldn't pass.
His agony was becoming too frequent like every stab in his chest was another cell dying from starvation and he knew at this rate he'd be dead soon. How long did he have? A week? A day? An hour? He wanted it to stop immediately and the only way that would happen was if Yoongi killed him.
They were sat opposite each other, legs crossed and backs slouched, in what they deemed for label's sake: their bedroom. Blankets were thrown across between them like a mountain between their worlds and they giggled above it, some stupid tale Yoongi had to offer that began from some other ancient tale which was by now forgotten.
It felt as if the Devil himself ripped through Hoseok's chest, taking what he wanted and spearing his chest in fragmented pieces, he groaned, wincing harshly at the sudden over surging feeling before he lowered his head in defeat.
Yoongi was startled the smile that once lined his feature's vanished as if Hoseok took it off him. "Are you alright?" At first, he chastised himself, of course, Hoseok wasn't alright, but he knew he had to ask. If he pretended too long like he didn't notice it could get bad in a time everything was going right. The human would feign a smile, eyes crying for help as he stated 'I'm fine' or maybe he would shake his head and tell Yoongi that he was aching and his bones and soul were weakened.
Hoseok would react either way- that's how humans were. Liars or beggars. But maybe Yoongi should've been more intact that Jung Hoseok wasn't like any other irrational human.
"Yoongi." The boy panted, clenching his eyes shut, "would you be able to kill me?"
Really Hoseok should come in a package that says 'susceptible to bad timings and irrational phrases' so Yoongi was slightly, only slightly, shocked by the outburst. From his short time with him, Yoongi should've been more aware that Hoseok would come up with something like that, something that was so easy for him to spew out like it meant nothing. As if he meant nothing.
"No." The monster replied blatantly. Eyes flickering away from the boy.
Hoseok lurched forward, leaning so his palms lay flat on Yoongi's thigh, his head millimetres from the monsters own. He begged, "Please... Yoongi. I beg you. I'm in too much pain... I can't go on like this!"
"No," Yoongi repeated, his tone more assertive and he moved to press a tender kiss to the boy's forehead. "I can't live with the guilt of killing you."
A stumble of a protest went to leave Hoseok's mouth, already filtered bitterly against his tongue but Yoongi silenced him, encasing the younger in his arms and keeping his lips softly pressed to the other but Hoseok pulled away harshly.
Face contorting horribly into one of pain he whimpered, clutching his chest tightly through the flimsy material of his shirt. "H-help me!" He coughed, wheezing heavily for air.
"I can't help you, you know I can't!" Yoongi cried, placing his hand calmly on top of Hoseok's own and pinching the skin to distract him.
"Yes. Yes, you can! You can make this stop!! It hurts so much Yoongi!" As if on cue he lurched forward in another surge of pain, the monster cradling him close to his chest.
"Hoseok," he murmured, almost hissed, right next to the boy's ear. "How do you expect me to live when you're dead? I hate seeing you in pain but I can't do anything. I'm sorry."
"I'm going to die." He whimpered and the last Yoongi wanted was another tear fest. "I'm only twenty years old and I'm going to die and then what about you? You're just going to starve as well if you don't kill me so why, why, won't you just end it not for my sake but for yours."
"If only human emotions worked like that."
"You're right because I don't want you to feel anything like I do. So that's why you must eat." He pleaded, his tone becoming lighter as a plan easily formed. It could be simple to guilt trip Yoongi into killing Hoseok. The monster can see that he's dying and surely, surely, Yoongi wouldn't want to suffer that much also.
"I won't eat you Hoseok." He paused, cradling the boy in his arms. "But I do know how we can stop it. For both of us."
Like a moth drawn to a flame, Hoseok pined at Yoongi. Ready for whatever he had.
The elder took his stand. "Poison."



Chapter End Notes
eek I really liked the extended metaphor of flowers at the beginning of the chapter uwu


LONELY
Chapter Summary
A bit of Taekook to take the sting off things
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"The stars look beautiful tonight," Jungkook whispered, head resting against Taehyung's chest the regular beating of the boy's heart just a bit louder than the jazz music coming from the mobile phone on the ground.
The elder hummed, pressing a delicate kiss to the small expanse of skin waiting for his lips just above Jungkook's eyebrows.
"This is really romantic," Jungkook added, words babbling out of his mouth like he had no physical control on what left him. He squirmed awkwardly, bunching some of Taehyung's jacket in his fist before releasing it and unwrapping himself from the elder.
Myriads of winking gold and silver lined the night sky, the moon full, creating a grey-like mist over the trees and illuminating the grass so every blade had a shadow. He should feel calm. The pulsing glow of the night should've slowed his racing heart but perhaps it was being so close to Taehyung that had him shuffling uncomfortably.
Deep inside he felt strange like a worm was wriggling inside his chest making him feel sick with unknown anxiety. Something was off and he couldn't quite put a name to it.
"Jungkook?" His tone was worried as if he'd been calling out more than that once and Jungkook looked to see Taehyung sat up, his body twisted to look over him. "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine!" And even he didn't believe it, propping himself up to wrap an arm around his lover's neck before dragging him down with him for a kiss.
Following instinctively, Taehyung braced himself against the floor, enjoying the soft caress of lip on lip like he always seemed to do with Jungkook. Kissing him really was the greatest. His perfect little lips that he knew just too well what he was doing with and every time they found themselves in this embrace all he could think was how lucky he was to be with the boy of his dreams.
Truly, from the bottom of his heart he loved Jungkook just like how the sea loved the shore. Constantly pulled in and his desire to be with him was uncontrollable. The young boy used to hate him, despised his every move and he knew what the cause was. Jung Hoseok.
He could never pinpoint a moment where his and Hoseok's hate began but he assumed it was when they realised they both wanted the same thing and that was Jungkook. Maybe they didn't want him in the same way but both meant that the young boy was their own and well they couldn't exactly share him.
Sometimes, only sometimes, but it seemed to become more frequent now, Taehyung thought about that letter Hoseok gave him. The sacrifice willingly gave him Jungkook. Not like the boy was something they passed around between them, but that emotional connection he had with him, as deep as it was he cut away from it. The sole problem of why Hoseok and Taehyung had never got along, a life long feud has broken just because he gave up.
Granted, he was thankful Hoseok did so, Taehyung might've been strong-hearted but guilt had never been a close friend of his and to hold that to Hoseok's grave made him unwillingly convulse.
Gently, he parted from Jungkook. Rolling over so he was separated from him and they were both looking at the stars again. He bit his lip instinctively, a nervous habit. Why was he thinking of Hoseok? He never used to think of Hoseok and if on the rare occasion he did, well it was only because he was thinking of Jungkook.
From beside him, quietly- for a second he thought he was mistaken- Jungkook gasped. Sitting up straight like someone had ripped him off the ground. Instinctively, Taehyung placed his hand over the youngers, squeezing it softly.
Suddenly, Jungkook looked pale. His rosy cheeks cooled and his eyes seemed panicked. He clawed at his throat and Taehyung worried that he was seriously ill. "Jungkook?" He called out, kneeling forward. "Are you okay?"
"Hoseok." He panted, grabbing forward with the hand that wasn't pinned under the elder's weight. "It's him!"
"Jungkook!" Taehyung cried, this time in a panicked frenzy for his lover, grabbing his face so he could see his doe eyes. "Stop this."
"No!" He protested, determinedly slapping Taehyung's hands away. "Hoseok, he-he's dead!"

Of course, he is. Taehyung thought, confusedly dropping his hands. he's been dead for 3 weeks.

"You won't get it, but look! That star, right there!" He enthusiastically pointed to the sky towards a violently glowing myriad that lined the soft silk of night. "That's Hoseok! I would've seen the star before! We need to go!" With jittering movements, Jungkook stood. Hands shaking visibly so he was almost vibrating.
"Go where?"
His voice carried off into the wind, already a good distance away from where Taehyung sat. "The well."
***
Jungkook was insane. Well and truly gone. Taehyung didn't know what to do, he'd never seen the boy like this before. Even when Hoseok left he cried, he could deal with that; but no, this was different, Jungkook was determined and it was strangely terrifying.
The night told the elder it was at least one in the morning and the usually thriving with vendors centre was deadly silent apart from the whistling winds that carried through the crevices of alleyways.
Jungkook looked up, towards that dastardly star again and let out a sound similar to a sob, but he wasn't crying. With strength, he grabbed the metal grate covering the top and screamed. "Hoseok!" Resting his ear against the cool frame so his echo answered him back.
He did it again.
It must have happened at least seven times, each one Taehyung trying to grab and pull him away but to no use. He screamed himself out.
"I'm going in." Stated Jungkook, blankly, his voice cracking. "Join me if you like but I don't need you there."
"No way," Taehyung replied, grabbing Jungkook's arm who was so desperately reaching out to a locked wooden box on the ground. "You're not going! Are you insane?"
The elder wished he stayed silent, the usually smiley boy sent him a glare that was more lethal than anything that could be in that well.
"Hoseok got killed by a monster, Jungkook." He gently shook his shoulders. "Don't get yourself killed from being stupid. Hoseok's been dead for three weeks now, why do you suddenly want to go?"
"That star!" Jungkook seethed, glancing to the glimmering speckle above. "I know that's him."
Pulling the younger towards him, Taehyung failed to calm him. "I won't allow you to get killed." He whispered.
"Hoseok's survived down there. If he can, then I can." Before Taehyung could even word his protest, Jungkook ran towards the small wooden crate on the floor, with a single thud: kicked it in so wood chips flew and a metal sound made a thud.
A key.
At first, Taehyung thought he should've asked how Jungkook knew there was a key in there but somehow, especially when the boy was in a mood like this, he considered it unnecessary.
Within a blink, the grate was thrown off. Banging, clanging and vibrating madly against grey cobblestones. Hopefully, nobody had heard the noise and wouldn't come out to check on what's happening. The comically large gold key was shoved into a thin hole near the handle to lower the bench. As Jungkook stood there, in the same position his friend had once been, Taehyung knew he had no choice.
"I'm coming with you." He demanded, leaping on to the edge of the well and joining Jungkook on the creaking wooden plank whilst the younger twisted the key and they slowly moved down.
"How did you know about the key?" Taehyung questioned, covering the loud protests of metal chains that was slowly taking them down. Maybe he was doing it to keep himself calm but he wasn't very good at dealing with fear.
"I watched the SS lock him away." He paused, hands gripping tightly to the metal beside him as their surroundings got darker. "At the time I planned to help him escape so I tried to learn where everything was."
Taehyung nodded shortly, regretting it instantly as he saw the rising blankness below. He felt sick, all the nerves and dread that seemed to block all his arteries overwhelmed him to a point he thought he was going to faint. But he had to do this, for Jungkook as there seemed no way to change the younger's mind- especially now they were halfway down a well.
"Jungkook." Taehyung sighed. "Hoseok's dead, you do know that. We can't save him."
The younger looked at his ludicrously. "happened Don't you think I know that!" His face contorting from determined anger into a forgotten sadness. "I know." He curled himself around the rope next to him almost longingly. "But I don't believe he's dead. Seeing him will force me to believe it."
Taehyung looked away apologetically.
Each time Jungkook spared a glance up to the shrinking reality outside the well. The same star that forced him down this dank well stared him down, glaring menacingly.
Artificial light bounced across the stone walls, Jungkook felt disoriented and suddenly didn't know what to do. Carefully, stepping off the wooden plank and blindly making his way closer to Hoseok- wherever he might be.
Looming arches peered down at the two intruders, closing in as they followed Jungkook down the largest entryway. Taehyung fumbled behind, looking around wildly as if something would jump out at them.
"We should've brought some weapons with us." He deadpanned, shaking his arms by his side like he was going to start fighting.
There was no reply, apart from his echo bouncing across the damp walls.
Light greeted them, blindingly bright and foreign for the underground rooms.
And that's when Jungkook saw it.
A rising, prickling sensation flooded his throat. He wasn't sure if he wanted to scream, cry or vomit. But he couldn't, he wouldn't believe the sight in front of him.
Hoseok, his dearest, most prized friend, was on the floor. A hand clutched to his chest- in agony? Fear?- as his lifeless form limply curled on the floor. His eyes were closed, a faint smile etched on his blue lips, lying there almost peacefully as if he wasn't even murdered at all. Hoseok looked skinner than what Jungkook last remembered, as if he lost a lot of weight, the boy wondered if that was because he was a rotting carcass but his skin seemed to fresh.
Taehyung found enough courage to stand next to Jungkook. Watched as the boy silently realised the fate of his childhood companion. Careful not to evoke his attention away from the form, Taehyung made a cross against his chest silently praying for Hoseok.
"Who's that?" Taehyung asked after a few moments had passed.
Another form, as dead as Hoseok, was lying on its side. Head lolled forward so he was almost lying on the boy. "I- I don't know." Jungkook blankly stated becoming almost as spiritless as the bodies that lied in front of them.
The elder kneeled down, avoiding the rolling feeling of nausea, and saw their intertwined hands. Hoseok's fingers interlaced with this new figure, an unmistakable contrast between the boy's tanned skin and the others milky white. Standing up again, he walked around them both. Frowning at what he quickly discovered. "Hey, Kook, this guys got a tail..." he paused, his sentence trailing out before he added, "and horns."
Paling like a ghost, Jungkook trembled, his body nearly collapsing under the weight of revelation. "Taehyung, that's the monster!"
"Was the monster." He quietly snarked, kicking the form lightly for good measure.
"How does this make sense?" Jungkook asked. "How are they both dead?"
Taehyung crouched down again, looking between the two bodies. "Well I don't know about you, but this vial might have something to do with it." Cautiously, he brought it to his nose, sniffing gently before violently retching.
He put the small cup back down, glancing over to Jungkook but the boy wasn't looking at him; his mind was much further away.
"Taehyung." He paused, biting his lip. Loosely, he pointed towards Hoseok but the elder noticed how Jungkook's lip trembled at the two hands locked together. "I always knew this was going to happen. But that doesn't make me feel any better."
The elder stayed silent, watching as Jungkook stood up and dusted his trousers.
"I'll always remember him, Hyung."
"And he will always remember you."

Hoseok was born to die. But in doing so, he killed the monster.


A hero, a saviour, a best friend.


The village never forgot him.




Chapter End Notes
So I actually finished it- finally! I've been working on it for almost two years so to be able to end it now is quite bittersweet. I'm overwhelmed with the amount of support I've received and am very thankful. Thank you for taking the time to read this and hopefully I'll be back with some different works that I've been doing in the background. Also uh hmu on twitter @tbzvalentine :)



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



