



Weight Of Your Soul - Inrainbowz - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Weight Of Your Soul
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15675843.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Hawks/Todoroki Enji | Endeavor, Todoroki Enji | Endeavor & Todoroki Shouto, Todoroki Enji | Endeavor & Todoroki Rei, Todoroki Enji | Endeavor & Todoroki Fuyumi
Character:
Todoroki Enji | Endeavor, Hawks (My Hero Academia), Todoroki Rei, Todoroki Shouto, Todoroki Fuyumi
Additional Tags:
Future Fic, Getting Together, Family Feels, Introspection, Fluff and Angst, Age Difference, Manga Spoilers, Post-Canon, Guilt, Background Relationships, Mention of Past Abuse, Rei and Enji are divorced
Series:
Part 1 of
Peace In Our Time
Stats:

        Published: 2018-08-14
        Words: 5968
      

Weight Of Your Soul
by Inrainbowz
Summary
It was happening a lot lately. It always ended up this way. After a few hours, when the city quieted down around them, when the lights dimmed out and they started to feel strangely alone in the universe. They stayed focused on their work, trading ideas back and forth, but as soon as they stopped, as soon as there was a lull in the conversation, something else took the place of their voice, got comfortable in the silence they shared. Hawks would look at him then, with an expression Enji refused to decipher, and he would have the hardest time looking away.  
But he always did. 
 Years later, things are the same, until they're not.
Notes
Honestly, I don't even know. This pairing just... punched me in the face in the latest chapters, so here I am. Please don't read if you don't like it.This takes place about ten years after the current events, where the League has been dealt with. I regret nothing (I think). The title doesn't have much to do with anything. Enjoy!

          See the end of the work for more notes




Weight Of Your Soul

It was happening again.It had been happening a lot lately. Enji thought he could trace it back to Hawks’s thirtieth birthday. Not to the event itself – he had barely stayed an hour, just enough so that the man wouldn’t whine at him the next day – but something had definitely changed since then. He wasn’t sure, but he thought it was Hawks himself, or at least his behavior, his ways around Enji. As if getting over thirty changed anything between them. As if that was the problem.Granted, it was a problem indeed, but it was more of an excuse really. The excuse he would have given, had Hawks ever been upfront about what he wanted.He had never been.But it was happening, again. It was late at night and they were alone in Enji’s office, again. This collaboration of theirs, which was supposed to be a one-time thing years ago against the rising threat of the League of Villains, had ended up being a regular-if-not-too-often thing. They were very popular as a hero duo. There was even some merch featuring the two of them lately.So here they were, pouring over their latest collaboration case. The League of Villains was a distant memory, as was all the shitstorm that had come with it – Hawks’ double play, the revelations about Enji and his family, Dabi… Enji had been knocked down quite a few notches by the events, but it was well deserved. At the time he was struggling with figuring out how he could be held accountable for his actions, with what his punishment should be. He had been told in no uncertain term that at this time of great unrest, they simply couldn’t afford the number one hero to be dirtied by such a family scandal.Basically, he had been told he would just get away with it.Dabi outing the whole story to the public felt like a blessing now, in retrospect. No more secrets, no more cover-ups.That also explained why he was collaborating with Hawks. This way around – Hawks was higher than him on the rankings. No longer close to number one, with all the insanely powerful pro-heroes that UA and the other schools kept spurting out years after years, but high enough still, and well respected.They were past trying to fight for the hotspot anyway. Well, Enji was past it. Hawks had seemingly never really cared.Enji didn’t have his own agency anymore, but he was nobody’s employee either. He was more of a consultant nowadays, keeping to the investigative and analyzing side of things, even if he still went out in the field if he was needed. His small team had quite the reputation. Most of them were young and promising, out of the departments of UA that weren’t focused on heroing, even if the limits tended to blur more and more these days. Some of them were old colleagues. None had stuck around after the whole fiasco, but some had come back after a while.Friends, that’s probably what he could call them now.He had even worked with Shoto there for a while, and his green-haired friend too, a small reprieve after their graduation, before they had moved on to create their own agency. It was currently the most successful in the country, employing several top ten ranking heroes.Enji couldn’t be more proud. Even if his son didn’t have the top spot, nor did he. Those concerns were so far away from his mind now, he wondered sometimes how it was that it could ever have been his priority in life.Now he had far more mundane concerns. Such as Hawks and him, alone in his office late at night, and this again.It always ended up happening this way. After a few hours, when the city quieted down around them, when the lights dimmed out and they started to feel strangely alone in the universe. They stayed focused on their work, trading ideas back and forth, but as soon as they stopped, as soon as there was a lull in the conversation, something else took the place of their voice, got comfortable in the silence they shared. Hawks would look at him then, with an expression Enji refused to decipher, and he would have the hardest time looking away.But he always did. He shook his head to get rid of that thing hanging in the air between the two of them, and he went back to business, refusing to acknowledge any of it.Hawks always looked like he was on the verge of saying something, but he always renounced and followed through with Enji’s cowardice.If he was being honest with himself – and he tried to be, these days – Enji would admit that it wasn’t anything new. There had always been this… something, between them, ever since the early days of their relationship. Back then he was in no place to even recognize anything of the sort, but they had known each other for years now. Hawks had always been an insufferable brat.Enji had always been awkwardly enthralled by him.Hawks enjoyed teasing him, and for a while he had made it a habit to flirt with him mercilessly. He didn’t mean anything by it – or Enji didn’t want him to, anyway – and he had stopped eventually.But this, this was something else entirely. And Enji knew without the shadow of a doubt that Hawks wouldn’t stay silent forever. That he would get tired of this game they were playing. That he would speak up, eventually.And then, what would he do?“Let’s call it a night,” Enji said abruptly, cutting through their contemplative silence. Hawks sighed heavily but didn’t protest.Enji was at a point where he wondered if it wouldn’t be best if he did..“Wasn’t your mother supposed to be around tonight?”Try as he might, he always felt like he was too rough, like he sounded angry, even when he was just talking normally. It didn’t help that he always made the kids jump – probably because he was surprisingly stealthy for a man of his stature, and they didn’t hear him come in.Probably because his booming voice had been synonymous with bad news for a long time too.“She called to ask if she could miss out on dinner after all. Because…” Fuyumi hesitated, glanced at Shoto for support.“Because she had a date,” he said bluntly, tearing his eyes away from the TV to look at his father, gauging his reaction. Daring him to have one.“Oh. Good.”If pressed, neither Rei nor himself would be able to explain why it had taken so long for them to finalize the divorce. Things were so hectic for so long, it felt more important to try to uphold their respective duties, to try to protect their children, however little they wanted it. There was also the matter of the years it had taken before they could just be in the same room together. With all the pain he had brought her, he was grateful it had happened at all.She was finally moving on for good.“Good?” Shoto asked, suspicious as always. Enji rolled his eyes.“Yes, good. I wish her nothing but happiness. I hope it works out for her.”He doubted she could strike out a worse luck than himself, but he would be there to check nonetheless. Even if, judging by the stormy look on his youngest son’s face, he didn’t need to worry about that. Shoto was very protective of his mother, and would likely always be so.“What about Natsuo?” Enji asked. He always asked, even if he knew the answer, even if it made Shoto frown and Fuyumi cast her eyes down.“He had other plans,” she said weakly. He didn’t know if she was the one doing the lying, or if Natsuo was. Either way, he wouldn’t join them for dinner that night.It wasn’t a regular, planned event, but they tried to make it happen often enough. Once, maybe twice a month, they had dinner at Enji’s home – Rei had moved out several months ago but wasn’t comfortable with him going there. Natsuo could never make it. Sometimes he gave an excuse, sometimes he didn’t bother. He still made the effort to come around for the birthdays and Christmas dinners, to please his mother. Truth be told, things weren’t as bad as they once were. He still avoided being in a room alone with Enji if he could, but they could hold a civil conversation for a few minutes. Enji had made his peace with it. It was very likely that their relationship would never improve. He was in no position to complain about it.“What about you, dad?” Fuyumi asked while she and Shoto followed him to the kitchen. Rei was usually the one to cook dinner, but if she wasn’t up for it, it fell on Enji’s shoulders. He hated letting the children cook in his place. Such a small thing, but he couldn’t let them do it.“What about me?” he said, taking out the vegetables from the fridge. He handed them to Shoto after the boy had scowled hard enough at him – Enji didn’t like them helping and Shoto didn’t like not to help. They had to meet somewhere in the middle.She took a strangely long time to pick up the conversation.“Don’t you have any date planned?”Shoto spluttered and nearly sliced one of his fingers off with the knife he was handling. Enji let go of the bowl of rice he had in hand. It thankfully landed in the rice cooker instead of finishing its life on the floor.“I beg you pardon?”Fuyumi waved her hands, placating.“I just mean… you could… right? If you wanted to. I mean…”Both of them, he knew, were always wary of making him angry. There was always this edge in them when he was present, like he was a ticking time bomb, ready to go off any second. He wasn’t angry right now, merely surprised, but they didn’t really know how to spot the difference. Shoto had risen from his seat, on his guard. Fuyumi’s smile fell short by a mile.He only then realized that his flames had grown on his face in his bewilderment. He made an effort to rein them in – he tended to keep them to a minimum, especially when he was around the kids, but they always reacted strongly to his emotions.“No, I don’t plan on dating anyone,” he said curtly, going back to piling rice into the bowls.“Why not?” Fuyumi asked, clearly under the impression that it was a safe topic to discuss after all. Judging by the look on Shoto’s face, he didn’t agree, at all.The question gave Enji a pause. Not because he didn’t know the answer, but because he was astonished she didn’t. Wasn’t it obvious?“I can’t.”“Why?”He cast her an incredulous look. Shoto looked more embarrassed than anything, and it was funny to see such a normal reaction out of him – the simple thing of being made uncomfortable by his parents’ dating life.Enji resisted the puerile urge to throw the question back at them. Fuyumi was marrying her long-time boyfriend in the spring, Natsuo’s wife was pregnant, and he knew for a fact that the green boy from UA was Shoto’s partner in more way than one. Not that Shoto had told him of course, or introduced him as such in any way. Rei had told him. More often than not, she was the one keeping him in the loop about what their children were up to.“I don’t have the time,” he said, as lame an excuse as any, praying that she would let it go.They mercifully changed the subject and didn’t revisit it for the rest of the night, but the calculating look on his daughter’s face told him that he hadn’t heard the end of it..“You know Fuyumi is just worried about you,” Rei said with a gentle smile.“She told you?”“She tells me everything.”Including what she thought about his father’s lack of love life, apparently. Enji sighed heavily.“I’m fine,” he said. He was perfectly uncomfortable with the subject. He didn’t like that they discussed him behind his back, especially for such a matter. He liked even less that they were concerned over him. He was sitting in an uncomfortable chair way too small for him, close to her hospital bed. Her mental health was as good as it could get nowadays, but three years ago she had been diagnosed with breast cancer, because apparently that’s what life was like. Such a mundane, ordinary foe, but one none of them with all their power could do anything against – there was yet to be a Quirk in the world that could cure major diseases.She was better now, almost off the hook, but it had left her weak and unhealthy. The trips to the hospital were frequent. A few days usually. He made a point to visit, because she didn’t like to be alone, and because somehow it was where she felt the safest. The kids always visited too, although they had all perfected the art of not meeting there.The only time it had happened, Natsuo had yelled at him that he should have been the one getting sick.“How did your date go? Do we know him?”Sometimes it almost felt like they were friends. She certainly was the person he talked to the most. Except for Hawks, maybe.“It was a woman. Men don’t… I wouldn’t want to date one.”Anymore, she didn’t add, and he was reminded just like that that they weren't really friends. They would never be. “I see.”“It went well. We actually met in the hospital, so at least that won’t scare her away. She has two kids. One is a pro-hero. So we have that in common.”They also had in common to be divorced, in all probability. How close were they on that regard? Enji knew he was far from being the only shitty husband around.“I’m happy for you. I am,” he said, worried suddenly that she wouldn’t believe him. But she could read him well, far better than the kids.“I know. Thank you.”It was surreal sometimes, thinking about the past. Trying to piece back the path from then to now, and even further, from the idealistic but angry, wounded kid he had been, to the monster he had become, to the man he was trying to be now. Were they even the same person? Sometimes he had trouble believing it.He dreaded to know which one he truly was at heart.“You know, Fuyumi wasn’t as out of place as you think. You could date someone. You could even enjoy it.”She was teasing, but he also recognized the seriousness in her tone.“Who would want to date me?” he asked, tone light and not joking in the slightest. She frowned, and he knew she knew, that it wasn’t even the crux of the issue, that as jarring a concern it was – and it was, because he did wonder who could ever see any worth in him – it wasn’t even the main issue.“What would you do, if it presented itself? If someone asked you?”She could read him like an open book. He felt a brief flare of panic at the thought that she could know about Hawks, about the nights in his office, about those looks he recognized because he was no fool, he had been young once and capable of love, and why was it that his family was concerned about this now of all time?“It won’t happen,” he said firmly. She shook her head.“You can’t know that.”.“Okay, let’s take a break, I can’t even read straight anymore. I’ll buy you some lunch as payback for the other night, come on.”They still had a lot to do, but Enji couldn’t deny he was also starting to see double. He agreed and followed the younger man out. They often grabbed lunch together if they were on the same side of town. They kept an endless loop of owning each other meals and coffees, a sort of ongoing debt that would never be paid off, but that they kept invoking anyway.After all these years, Enji still needed an excuse. Hawks indulged him.They went to the nearest ramen shop, whose staff knew them well by now. Hawks' appreciation for ramen was worrisome, to say the least, and Enji ate enough with him that he never wanted to see any outside of their shared meals.Enji was even quieter than usual, if it was possible. He had been unable to forget about Rei and Fuyumi’s sudden interest in his relationship status, and he resented them for bringing to the forefront of his mind questions he had tried his damnest to avoid for years. Hawks’s sudden boldness when it came to their proximity didn’t help the matter. Enji felt unhinged, on the verge of a precipice.And as usual when he was in this kind of situation, instead of taking a careful step back, he plunged head first into the pit.“How come you’ve never dated anyone?”Hawks cast him a puzzled look over his already half empty bowl. He took the time to slurp disgustingly at some noodles before straightening up to face his partner.“What do you mean?”“In all the years I’ve known you, you’ve never dated anyone. Not seriously anyway.”A careful, controlled expression took over Hawks’s face. No doubt he was wondering what the hell Enji thought he was doing broaching that subject, just like Enji was himself at the moment. What had come into him? Who knew.“Is that a trick question?” Hawks asked, voice measured, but a trace of anger lodging itself in the displeased curve of his lips, in his stormy eyes. Enji pretended he didn't noticed.“No.”Hawks frowned. He turned back to his bowl, stirring the noodles idly.“As if you didn’t know,” he mumbled after a short while.Enji almost, almost denied it, said something along the line of “I don’t know what you’re talking about”. But it would have been supremely cruel and callous, and too big of a lie to ever work. Still, it was the first time Hawks said it aloud, however twisted and cryptic, and it felt like the world tilting off of its axis. Enji had half hoped Hawks would just deny it entirely, would comfort him in the fact that whatever it was that had been growing all those years, they weren’t to mention it, to give it a proper, tangible existence, not now anyway, if ever.It seemed like Hawks was tired of waiting though.“What about you, mister Endeavor?”Enji had a strange deja-vu of Fuyumi asking him the same thing, opening the dam.“You’ve never been on a single date, let alone picked up anyone.”It was the truth. It had been so long he had ever given any thought to romance or sex, it might as well have been another lifetime entirely. He was gripped by a sudden panic, that maybe Hawks thought they were in a similar state of mind.“It’s not…”“I know it’s not for me. I’m not that stupid, you know.”The directness of the statement knocked the wind out of Enji’s lungs. It was too casual, to close to the surface. They weren’t supposed to discuss it like that. It wasn’t supposed to be out there in the open.He wasn’t supposed to know that Hawks… Even if he knew, of course he knew, but he wasn’t supposed to. He didn’t want to. He wanted to be able to deny it, ignore it.“But why then, Enji?”Enji ticked at the name. Hawks rarely used it. He kept it for special moments, when they were alone together, when the day had been long but good and that they could relax a little. When the world didn’t look so jaded, their lives so messy.Here, it sounded more like a taunt. Moreso, probably, because Enji had never called Hawks’s name to his face, ever, and somehow Hawks had just reminded him of that fact just then.The restaurant was busy but no one was paying them much attention. Still, it was too many people around, too much noise and proximity. Hawks was sitting closer than necessary, their shoulders and legs pressed together. Enji couldn’t decipher the look on his face, could never tell what he was going to say next, what kind of bombshell he would dump on him.“Go out with me.”Enji didn’t have time to get surprised that he was already answering.“No.”He could tell that Hawks was expecting it. He still looked hurt and Enji hated himself – even more than usual. He sighed heavily and finished his bowl in one go, not saying another word.“Let’s go,” Enji said, like closing a lid on that whole scene. He threw a couple of bills on the counter. Hawks didn’t think about protesting. They made their way back in silence..“Would it be so terrible?” Rei asked gently. He wasn’t looking at her, eyes fixed on the hospital’s garden. He felt bad, coming to her again. He felt like he only had the urge to see her when he was feeling down, and he didn’t want to burden her with his troubles, as he didn’t want to ask advice and comfort from her.He just didn’t know who else to turn to. How sad a life his was.“It’s not possible.”“Why?”They kept asking that. Why. As if it wasn’t obvious.“I can’t.”“Can’t or won’t?”“I can’t,” he said again, stubborn.“Could you please look at me?”He complied reluctantly, focusing back on his ex-wife lying on the bed. She looked better than the last time – she would be out soon. The woman from the first date was picking her up so that they could have a second one. She looked happy.“You can, Enji.”“No I can’t. Not now.”
Not me. Not ever.
“I disagree.”“How can you? After everything I…”His mouth clicked shut. He closed his eyes, trying to get a grip on his raging emotions. They had never properly talked about it, any of it. This peace, this truce between them, it had mostly come from forgetting, from deciding the hurt wasn’t worth revisiting, since they wouldn’t salvage their relationship anyway. He had apologized – who knew how many times – but they had never laid it out.“I can’t do that again.”He simply didn’t believe he was capable of it. He had done it once before, to such terrible results. The worse thing was he wasn’t even aware of the hurt he was causing his family back then. So what if his wife was depressed, so what if his son was always so sad. It was nothing different from how he had been raised himself. You just learn to live with that pain, found ways around it. He was dismissive of Rei and harsh with Shoto, indifferent to his other children, but that was it, right?“If you’re not dead, you’re fine.” Those were his father’s words, his take on life. Pain and suffering, it didn’t matter if you were still standing. “It didn’t kill you, right? So you’re fine.”Fortunately, his father was long dead. But the words lingered nonetheless, as they were prone to do. He had seen nothing wrong with it. He was striving toward a larger goal. He didn’t care.He hadn’t known then, and he couldn’t trust he would know now. And he didn’t deserve it anyway. These things were for other people. Good people. And he certainly wasn’t one of them.He had no idea if he had ever loved Rei. He cared about her, had some form of affection for her. Truth be told he didn’t remember it so well. He hadn’t paid much attention to her when they had been married. He couldn’t remember if he had felt love for his children either. He believed he did know, but how could he know? He had never been taught to recognize love. He had just built a family similar to his own. At least his children were better than him in that regard – well, in that regard too, they were better than him in every way – because he knew from Rei that both Natsuo and Fuyumi were determined to raise their future children in a vastly different way than how they had been brought up. It was a concern for Shoto as well, who was scared he would make the same mistakes as his father. Being like him was one of their deepest fears.There was no way he could get it right now. He couldn't be allowed that, couldn't claim that right. The children would never stand for it, and he didn't need to give them another reason to resent him.“I don’t know how deserving one has to be,” she said after a while. “What do you want, Enji? My blessing? If so, you have it.”He couldn’t bear to look at her. He rested his head on the sheets, careful not to burn them, and he closed his eyes harder.“I’m sorry,” he said. "I'm sorry."He always felt the urge to say it..The next time they found themselves alone in Enji’s office, Hawks didn’t even pretend they would get any work done. As soon as the last employee had left the building, he sat down on the desk in front of Enji’s chair, legs dangling, arms crossed on his chest and face hardened by determination.“I think we should talk,” he said bluntly. Enji was tired and distressed – he didn’t feel like playing dumb. He sat back in his chair, crossed his arms too, even if it had to look more defensive than authoritative on him.“If that’s what you want,” he conceded, knowing it would annoy the other man. It did.“Am I right to believe that it has nothing to do with me?” Hawks began. Right to the heart of it then.At the end of the day, Enji cared about the man. He cared about him a lot. No matter the complexity of his feelings and how much he wanted to avoid this entire situation, he didn’t want to bring him unnecessary pain, however efficient a deterrent that might be. Would it be, even? Hawks always seemed to know when he lied. It still hurt him.They had done enough of lying to each other in the past. Enough of hurting too.“You are,” he answered trustfully. It wasn’t a real question anyway. Hawks knew it already. Sometimes Enji wondered why he even bothered asking – he seemed to know everything in advance.“It’s not because I’m too young either.”“But you are,” Enji felt obligated to counter, not ready to let go of that line of defense. Hawks just waved it off.“I’m not. Let’s put that one on the side though.”Enji nodded but stayed silent. He didn’t want to stir that conversation in any way. His best strategy right now was to say as little as possible and hope that Hawks would let it go eventually.Ha. As if he was going to.“Do you believe that only good people deserve love?”Only years of discipline helped him keep his reaction to himself. He wasn’t prone to outburst of emotions nowadays. He was getting too old to let himself be ruled by his feelings.His flame usually betrayed him though. They flared briefly, a sign of his shock and displeasure, and flared again at the small, satisfied smile on Hawks’ face.“Since when is that how it works anyway. As if being a good man meant you got good things in life. Yeah, right.”“I’m not a good man,” he answered, which wasn’t much of an answer at all, expect it was.Because that, right there, was the very core of the issue, and he didn’t understand why they were even talking about it, because it was unlikely to change.Hawks was stubborn though.“And I am?” he shot back. Enji wished it had been playful, but it wasn’t. Just as the words left his mouth Hawks’ eyes grew distant, loaded. Set on past events, old regrets and old pains. He raised a hand and ever so slowly, ever so gentle, he traced the massive scar on Enji face, the one that had almost cost him an eye, the fight that had nearly killed him.Hawks had carried that guilt with him for years. Still did probably, no matter how much Enji wanted to relieve him of it. He had done what he to do, what he had been asked to, in order to bring the League of Villains down, to finally give them the upper hand in this fight. Enji knew though that those were no comfort to him. Even if it had worked out, even if they had won eventually, it did nothing to alleviate the weight of his actions on his conscience.Enji took Hawks’ hand in his. To push it away, or so he thought, but he found himself clutching it tight, close to his face.“Of course you are.”“Then don’t I deserve it?” he said, throwing the argument back at Enji’s face, even if it was clear he didn’t believe him. Enji didn’t call him out on it. He would never claim Hawks wasn’t worthy of love.“You deserve better.”It made the younger man scoff. He took back his hand so that he could lean backward, propped on his hands laid flat on the desk. Even like that, he was barely towering over Enji’s imposing frame. He had always been so small, so frail looking, even if Enji knew he was anything but weak.“I deserve to get what I want. To get what would make me happy.”But in what universe, in what reality, could that ever be him? Enji simply couldn’t accept it. It couldn’t be.He couldn’t be given this, couldn’t take it.“How could you love me?”He had the small satisfaction of seeing the shock painted on Hawks’s face this time, to hear him say it so bluntly. He recovered quickly though, never one to lose the upper hand in a discussion.“Why couldn’t I?”“You know what I’ve done.”What a rightful mess it had been. Enji remembered with jarring clarity the feeling of everyone suddenly looking at him and seeing him for who he really was. An abuser, a bully. He remembered Hawks at his side, his silence and his confusion, but there had been no time to really get into it. Because Hawks had also been revealed to be a traitor, and the weeks that had followed had been enough of a chaotic mess that all those issues had been dumped to the side for a while.He also remembered, even if no one had ever known, that he had never, not for one hot second, bought in the fact that Hawks had actually betrayed them. His first thought had literally been “that fucker has been spying on them behind my back”. Hawks had caught his fair share of bullshit from his involvement with the League.But he had been acting on orders, for the greater goods. Whereas Enji’s crimes were purely selfish, inexcusable.Unredeemable in many ways, even if he still tried anyway.Hawks couldn’t just be okay with it.“I do,” Hawks deadpanned. “I know everything about you. I know exactly who you are. And yet, here we are.”Enji couldn’t begin to understand it.“Plenty of monsters get love, you know.”“Is that supposed to be a comfort?”“Life is just strange.”That it was, he knew it. Strange and unpredictable, and it often didn’t make much sense at all. There were still things that were understandable. And others that really weren’t.“Do you resent me?” Hawks asked, voice low, hesitant.“For what?”“For loving you.”They stared at each other, unblinking and very still.“Yes,” Enji whispered after a while. It made him mad, that the other man would put that burden on both their shoulders. That he couldn’t find his happiness somewhere else. Why did he always have to complicate everything? Why hadn’t he been deterred by the revelation that Enji was such a piece of shit? What was wrong with him, seriously?“I’m sorry then,” Hawks said with a shrug, and Enji could guess he wasn’t that sorry. They wouldn’t be there though, if not for that stubborn idiot. Enji would have never said anything, ever He would have kept it all to himself and be content to just have the man close by, watch him be alive. It was enough for him.It wasn’t for Hawks though. Hawks never had enough.Enji had hoped that he would tire of it eventually. That he would get sick of waiting. That he would move on, forget about him. No such luck though. He may have looked like he was getting impatient, but the terrifying truth was that he would keep waiting. Forever, if he had to. And that was on Enji’s note.“Don’t you want to make me happy?” Hawks asked, all innocent, even if the question was anything but.Because Enji did. He did want the other man to be happy.Even more than he wanted himself to suffer.So maybe the solution was there. Maybe that was the answer. Because Hawks would keep waiting otherwise, and Enji wanted better for him. “I don’t think I’ll know how,” he confessed. Actually, he was sure he wouldn’t. Hawks seemed convinced that something good would come out of it, but Enji couldn’t believe it. He had never successfully given love to anyone, nor had he received it.“It’s okay,” Hawks said, and he was leaning in now, elbows resting on his knees to get closer to Enji’s face. “I’ll teach you.”Enji frowned."Damn, that was so cheesy," he grumbled, because it was just too much. Hawks laughed, loud and obnoxious as always, never caring about upsetting the balance, drawing attention to himself, taking too much space.Enji got up from his chair. They found their usual balance of height back, but he still felt strangely small, enveloped in Hawk’s gaze. He took a step forward – the other man opened his legs seamlessly to make him space.“If I hurt you,” Enji said, raising a hand to caress a cheek, contemplating the pit he was about to plunge into, “kill me.”It could have been cheesy too, if it wasn’t so incredibly fucked up and depressing, but Hawks only laughed.“Deal.”Enji had a sense that he was as dead serious as he himself was. It shouldn’t have put him at ease, but it did, because such were their lives. “We shouldn’t,” Enji said again, just one last time, because he had to. Hawks only shrugged.“Hell will come in time.”And as they finally closed the distance between them, as they finally fell into an intimacy that had been building up for almost a decade, Enji thought about Hell, to which he already had a ticket to anyway, and had to come to term with the fact that this, Hawks in his arms, taking what he couldn’t possibly deserve, it was worth it.“I think you should call me by my name,” Hawks said when they broke away. Such a mundane concern, Enji had to smile at it.“Alright.”It tasted sweet to his tongue.



Afterword


End Notes
I wrote so fast I got whiplash. I'm also having a weird send of deja-vu right now and I don't like it.I'm hesitant about posting this. I don't know. It's nothing like what I usually right, I think.I stayed deliberately vague on the Dabi/Todoroki thing cause I like my things to be canon compliant. Anyway, I imagine that's how things would go down, with Endeavor's shitty fatherhood being made public. Also that last line is only there to justify Enji calling him Hawks for the entire thing without me coming up with a name for him. Again, canon compliance.I hope you enjoyed this! Please let me know. I'm on Tumblr Here for my writing and Here for general nonsense. Have a good day!EDIT: Abbyslullaby on tumblr drew a scene from this, and it's awesome.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



