



Well this happened - xxDinoCupcakezxx - Zhong warifalseserahu
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Well this happened
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/6832984.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
終わりのセラフ | Owari no Seraph | Seraph of the End
Relationship:
Hyakuya Mikaela/Hyakuya Yuuichirou
Character:
Hyakuya Mikaela, Hyakuya Yuuichirou, Ichinose Guren, Hiiragi Shinoa, Sanguu Mitsuba, Saotome Yoichi, Kimizuki Shihou
Additional Tags:
body switching, it's awkward
Stats:

        Published: 2016-05-12
          Completed: 2017-02-07
          Chapters: 19/19
        Words: 28764
      

Well this happened
by xxDinoCupcakezxx
Summary
Yuu didn't think drinking a brightly colored liquid in a bottle on Gurens desk would affect him in anyway. And little did he think that when he forced Mika to drink it, it would effect him either. He thought wrong.
Notes
Just a thing I thought up one day, if this gets somewhere I'll post chapter 2 ^^So please enjoy!




Whats this?



"Yo Guren." Yuu said walking into the mans office and scuffed when he noticed the man was not in the room. "Jerk, calls for me and isn't in his office? Typical Guren." Yuu said and sat in Gurens chair and spun till he was dizzy."Wow, maybe not a good idea." Yuu said, putting a hand to his head and seized his spinning. He saw a bottle of a bright colored liquid sitting on Guren's desk, Yuu grabbed it. "Maybe this energy drink will help." Yuu said taking a big swig of the drink and coughed roughly. "Ew! What a nasty flavor!" Yuu hissed as he stuck out his tongue. "Yuu-chan, what are you doing?" Mika asked entering the room, the blonde narrowing his eyes. "Mika!" Yuu yelled happily as he ran and hugged the blonde vampire close. "I tried this nasty ass energy drink Guren left on his desk. Its so gross! Try it!" Yuu said and before the blonde could stop him, Yuu shoved the bottle in Mikas mouth, a few small drops falling down the blondes throat. "Yuu-chan, you know I can't drink anything!" Mika said grimacing at the awful flavor of the drink Yuu had shoved at his mouth. "Oh right! Sorry, I forgot but isn't it awful!" Yuu asked. "Yes, it's quite revolting." Mika said, his tongue sticking out as well. "You're tongue is green!" Yuu shouted, pointing at the blondes mouth. "Huh!? But yours is orange Yuu-chan!" Mika stated. "What the hell is going on!?" Yuu yelled."Thats what I'd like to know." "Guren!" "Why are you too in here causing such a ruckus?" Guren asked annoyed as he closed his door and sat at his desk. "You called me in here jerk! And what's with this nasty energy drink!? It tastes like shit and makes your tongue change color!" Yuu shouted, Guren's eyes widened. "What are you talking about? What energy drink?" Guren asked, Yuu shoved the bottle to Guren, whom examined the bottle and sighed. "Idiot, this isn't an energy drink! It's one of the scientists experiments!" Guren yelled. "WHAT!?" Yuu and Mika yelled in unison. "What the hell does that mean!? Are we gonna die!?" Yuu yelled. "I'm not sure! I haven't read the reports for it yet dip shit so shut up for a second." Guren said rubbing his temples. "What is this." Mika asked, trying to remain calm. Guren opened the file. "Apparently it's supposed to-""Wow...I feel...really...dizzy all of a sudden..." Yuu spoke, his body swaying. "Yuu-chan! A-Are you alright?" Mika asked, he brought a hand to his forehead as his body began to quake, his knees gave out on him and he fell to the floor, Yuu fell a second later. "Shit! Medic!" Guren yelled. A week had passed since Mikaela and Yuichiro drank the experiment on Guren's desk. "When will they wake up?" Yoichi asked standing next to Yuu's hospital bed, Mika's next to Yuu's. "Well the experiment shouldnt have affected them at all, it was just a prototype. So this is blank for us, they've been out for a while now." A man in a lab coat stated. "What will happen when they wake?" Shinoa asked. "That'll be something we'll all find out." The man spoke. Yuu and Mika looked peaceful in their sleep, Yuu's breath was steady and normal. They haven't moved an inch since they passed out in Guren's office, everyone was getting ansty, worried. "They should be waking up any day now." The man said as he left the room. "He's been saying that everyday for a week." Mitsuba mumbled as he clutched Yuu's shoulder. "They'll be alright. They are both strong." Shinoa said smiling for her friends but on the inside, she was terrified. What if Mika-san and Yuu-san never woke up? And if they did wake up, what will become of them? Everyone watched with heavy hearts as the boys continued in their deep sleep.



We're awake



For Yuichiro, when he first awoke, he felt stiff, his breathing was swallow, almost nonexistent. Even though he was exhausted, he felt strong, he felt powerful but he felt light, light as a feather, that was...weird...he also noticed sounds, he could hear everything, from the sound of his heart monitor, to the birds wings flapping outside his window. He could smell the food cooking a few floors away, he could also smell something else...something strong...metallic...it smelled like...blood? Yuu opened his eyes though he closed them again at the bright light shining on him, holy fuck it was bright he opened his eyes again and took in his surroundings."A h-hospital?" Yuu mumbled, weird, his voice sounded deeper and something was in his eyes, pesky hair, was it always in his eyes like that? He heard gently breathing, he looked to his left and saw a mop of black hair in a bed similar to his, he narrowed his eyes."Oh Mika-san you're awake." "H-Huh?" Yuu asked confused, he looked to his right and saw Shinoa there."S-Shinoa?" Yuu asked, his voice was still deep, maybe because he was drowsy, Shinoa smiled at him kindly."Yes it's me. We were getting worried about you. You and Yuu-san have been out cold for a week and a half now." Shinoa said, Yuu raised an eyebrow in confusion, why was she referring to him in a third person manner?"What are you talking about? Where's Mika?" Yuu asked sitting up only to land back against the pillows."Um, I'm talking to you now silly!" Shinoa said smiling."But I'm Yuichiro." Yuu said, Shinoa titled her head in confusion, she looked concerned."I'm sorry but you're Mikaela, Yuu is in that bed." Shinoa said pointing to the bed next to him, Yuu followed her finger back to the black mop of hair. Well it looked like his hair...but there was no way. He was Yuu, Yuu was talking to Shinoa while Shinoa talked to Yuu. It was simple, why was she calling him Mika?"I'm Yuu Shinoa, I'm not Mika." Yuu said looking back at her."Um..." Shinoa began, pulling out her compact mirror and handed to Yuu."You're Mikaela-san." She stated and Yuu looked into the mirror, expecting to see his messy black hair and dark circles under his green eyes but he gaped at the person in the mirror. It was Mika! Mika was looking back at him in the mirror! But how!? Yuu gripped his hair, it wasn't his! It was longer and fluffier and he gasped and reached his teeth, feeling for the canine, and when he found it was pointed to a point, he screamed.Now Mikaela was sleeping soundly and wasn't expecting to be woken up by such a loud scream but that's what happened and as soon as the noise hit his ear drums, he shot up in shock."Yuu-chan!" He shouted, holy fuck sitting up that quickly made him dizzy, he brought a hand to his head and ran his fingers through his hair but his hair felt different...it was shorter."Mika!" Mika looked to the sound of the voice and gasped in shot, he was looking back at himself! Where Yuu's bed was is now Mika! But how on earth!?"Whats going on here!?" Mika shouted. "Yuu-san please stop yelling!" Shinoa said running to Mikas side, she placed a hand to his and he shrugged it away."Don't touch me human!" Mika snapped, Shinoa was confused."Yuu, what are you talking about?" Shinoa asked."Why are you talking to me? Why you keep calling me Yuu-chan?" Mika asked narrowing his eyes at the girl."Mika!" Yuu shouted, Yuu looked on in shock that Shinoa was talking to his body! Yuus body looked towards him and it gasped."Y-Yuu-chan?" Mika asked, Shinoa took a step back."Yuu-san?" She asked looking at Mikas body, the blonde looked at her."Mika-san?" She asked looking at Yuu's body, the boy crossed his arms over his chest and looked away."Oh no...""So you're telling me, that you two switched bodies?" Guren asked to Mika's body."Yes! Why would I lie, stupid Guren!" Yuu yelled."Yep, that's the brat." Guren said shaking his head."So what's up doc?" Shinoa asked the doctor, the man looked conflicted."I'm not sure, their bodies are perfectly normal but it seems their brains have switched bodies." He said pushing the rim of his glasses up his nose."So what does that mean for us?" Yuu asked."You two will have to stay like this till we can come up with a reverse serum." The doctor said."And how long would that take?" Mika asked."A least a month...maybe two." The doctor said."A month!?""Or two!?""Thank you doctor." Guren said and the man fled the room."We can't stay like this for two months!" Yuu yelled."Well you're gonna have to. We can't do anything till we fix this." Guren said. "So what? We're just go about our lives in different bodies till you humans find a cure?" Mika asked crossing his arms over his chest."Yeah, that's pretty much it." Guren said. "This is gonna be difficult." Shinoa said shaking her head."You're telling me." Guren said with a sigh."Hey! We heard Yuu-kun and Mika-kun were awake!" Yoichi said happily and ran into the room, Mitsuba and Kimizuki following behind him."Yeah, they woke up but they're not exactly themselves." Shinoa said."What do you mean?" Mitsuba asked walking next to Shinoa."How do you feel Yuu-kun?" Yoichi asked walking next to Yuu and held his hand with a bright smile."Don't touch me." Mika said and ripped his hand away."Yuu-kun!" Yoichi asked taking a step back."Mika don't be mean to Yoichi!" Yuu yelled, Yoichi looked at Mika's body confused."Huh?" Yoichi asked. "Well, see. Remember how Yuu-san was being stupid and drank a experiment on Gurens desks and made poor Mika-san drink it? Well turns out the experiment made them switched bodies. So now Yuu is in Mika's body, and Mika is in Yuu's body." Shinoa explained, the squad looked at her in shock. "It looked like a energy drink!" Yuu defended."Only an idiot would say that an experiment looked like an energy drink." Kimizuki said. "Don't call Yuu-chan an idiot!" Mika said."This is so weird." Mitsuba said."I don't know which is more weird...the fact that Yuu-kun has such a mean scowl on his face." Yoichi began."Or the mean vampire Mika is pouting?" Shinoa finished."Yes!" Yoichi said smiling, the squad laughed."Get out will yah!? I need more sleep." Yuu said and fell back against the pillows."Yeah brats, time to scatter. You have training to get to." Guren said ushering them out leaving only Yuu and Mika in the room.Yuu sighed and looked at the ceiling."Are you feeling okay Yuu-chan?" Mika asked, Yuu looked over at Mika, God it was awkward talking his own body."I'm fine...it's just that everything is more intense." Yuu said looking at his hand, this was Mikas hand, he was in Mikas body now."The vampire body is 20/20 compared to a human one. So your sight, hearing and strength has increased." Mika explained."So I could lift a car!?" Yuu asked excitedly."Um, yes you could Yuu-chan but please don't try it." Mika said worriedly."Come on Mika! If we're gonna be like this for two months might as well have some fun right!?" Yuu asked, Mika sighed."I just don't want you getting hurt." Mika said leaning against the pillows."I won't I promise, it's you I'm worried about." Yuu said looking at Mika."Me?" Mika asked, he rolled onto his side to look at Yuu."You're in my body now. Not that I'm weak or anything but from vampire strength to average human and just switching completely. It must be weird for you." Yuu said, he also rolled onto his side to face Mika."Yeah, it's weird...I'm tired and hungry." Mika said yawning, Yuu giggled. "Then go to sleep silly." Yuu said smiling."What about you? I never slept." Mika asked, Yuu shrugged."I mean, my body feels fine but my mind is telling me sleep, sleep, sleep!" Yuu said, Mika smiled."The vampire body doesn't need sleep." Mika said, his eyes drooping a bit."Never? What did you do when me and the squad slept?" Yuu asked."I kept watch, I made sure you were safe." Mika said. Yuu smiled."Now it's my turn to watch over you! Sleep tight Mika, I won't let anyone hurt you!" Yuu said bringing a fist to his chest, Mika chuckled lightly and relaxed against the pillows."I know you will." Mika said with a smile. "Good night Mika." Yuu said with a warm smile, Mika smiled back and closed his eyes. "Goodnight...Yuu-chan..." Mika mumbled and drifted back into sleep, it was weird how he naturally accepted sleep but God it felt nice to do it. Mika relaxed into the hospital bed and fell asleep with Yuu watching over him.



No touchy my Mika
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yuu looked at Mika as he slept soundly, did his body always look like that when he slept? Yuu rolled onto his back. He does yet doesn't feel any different from when he was human. Being a vampire was weird, being Mika's body was even more weird, he sighed and ran a hand through his hair, through Mika's hair, if felt soft in his hands. Who knew Mika's hair was this soft!?"Hmm." He hummed, he licked his teeth, he felt the sharp tips of the fangs graze his tongue. Yuu brought a finger to fang and pressed, drawing blood. Yuu looked at his finger, the small red drop fall down his finger and the wound closed up.Yuu's mind was buzzing, all the new smells and noises that he never noticed were intense for him, he looked at his hand, Mikas hand, he made a fist and slowly reclined his fingers back, he looked around the room, everything was brighter and more clear. He noticed a can of soda by his bed, one of his friends must have forgotten it? He picked up the can and it was completely empty, he held the can in his right hand and squeezed it, the can crumbled in his fist. He could get use to this vampire strength thing. He set the can aside and sat up in his bed."Hello Yuu-san." Shinoa said entering the room."Hey Shinoa." Yuu greeted. "How you feeling?" She asked setting a bag on the side table."Well my body is having mixed emotions, my body feels fine but my mind is yelling 'sleep, sleep, sleep'." Yuu said, Shinoa smiled."I bet, being a vampire must be weird for you." Shinoa said."Eh, I honestly don't feel that much different. I mean, I feel stronger and light on my feet and my five senses have increased ten fold." Yuu said."Really?" Shinoa asked."Yeah, I can hear the birds flapping their wing's outside." Shinoa looked outside the window, not a bird was in sight."I can smell food cooking a few floors down."The kitchen was on the second floor and they were on the fifth..."I crushed a can just by barely squeezing my fingers." Shinoa looked at said can on the table."Thats impressive Yuu-san." Shinoa said, Yuu smiled."Its cool, I guess being a vampire isn't so bad but my chest hurts." Yuu said."Your chest?" Shinoa asked."Yeah, it's a awful burning sensation." Yuu said bringing a hand to his chest."That doesn't sound normal, you need to ask Mika-san about it when he wakes up." Shinoa said looking at the blonde in Yuu's body. "I will, I'll let him sleep though. He hasn't slept in four years so I'll let him sleep as long as he wants." Yuu said fondly, smiling over at the sleeping Mika."You really do care for Mika-san don't you?" Shinoa asked."I love him." Yuu said without hesitation. "I know." Shinoa said playing with her thumbs."Anyway, whats in the bag?" Yuu asked."Its snacks and some activities I brought so you wouldn't be bored." Shinoa said opening the bag."I have chocolate, chips, word searches, crossword puzzles." Shinoa said."Give me some chocolate!" Yuu yelled but Shinoa held out of his reach and waved her finger in his face."No, no. No human food for the vampire." Shinoa said closing the bag."One bite won't kill me!" Yuu said."How do you know Yuu-san?""Well, I-""That one bite could destroy your stomach and you could die, and we don't want to loose you or Mika-san." Shinoa said, Yuu sighed."Fine." Yuu said crossing his arms over his chest."Good boy Yuu-san." Shinoa said patting his head."Wow, Mika-san's hair is so soft!" Shinoa exclaimed."I know it is so stop it! Only I can play with his hair." Yuu said shooing her hands away and covering his head. Shinoa giggled. "I know Yuu-san, you're so over protective of Mika." Shinoa said."I know that. Because Mika is mine and I love him." Yuu said matter-of-factly."We know, I have to go. Bye Yuu-san." Shinoa said patting Yuu's hand and left the room."Bye..." Yuu said as the door closed.Yuu leaned back and reached for the bag to pull out a crossword puzzle and started it. A few minutes passed when Yuu heard rustling."Yuu-chan?" Yuu looked to his side and saw Mika, his own body, waking up."Hey Mika, sorry did we wake you?" Yuu asked, Mika shook his head."No, I woke up on my own." Mika said rubbing his head."Thats good, how did you sleep?" Yuu asked."It started out fine but I had the weirdest dream." Mika said. "Weird dream?" Yuu asked."Yeah and I heard a child's voice talking, some boy." Mika said."Oh that was probably my demon, Asuramaru." Yuu said."We were in a white room and he was talking to me, he instantly knew I wasn't you and questioned who I was." Mika said."Really? I'm surprised Asuramaru even cared." Yuu said."When he found out who I was, he looked excited and said we had a lot to discuss." Mika said, Yuu gulped."R-Really?" Yuu stammered, shit he forgot Asuramaru knew all of his deepest and most private secrets, and his...fantasies."Yes, he said you have quite the imagination Yuu-chan. What does he mean by that?" Mika asked, Yuu nervously laughed."O-Oh that's just Asuramaru being Asuramaru! Don't listen to a word he says! He's a tricky demon." Yuu said, Mika raised an eyebrow and shrugged, he wouldn't know if this was normal for demons or not."A-Anyways! I bet you're hungry!" Yuu said and as if on cue, Mika's stomach, Yuu's stomach growled in hunger, Mika's face flushed. "Maybe a little bit..." Mika said, Yuu giggled."Ill ask a nurse to bring you food from the kitchen." Yuu said pressing the nurse button on his hospital bed.After some begging, the nurse finally gave up and brought a huge serving of curry and a huge picture of water on a cart for Mika and left the room with a bow."Oh my god, that smells so good." Yuu said, he licked his lips at the sight of the food but cut his tongue on his fangs. Damn pointy teeth."It sure does." Mika said sitting up and stared at the food."What are you waiting for? Eat up!" Yuu said smiling."I'm just nervous...I haven't eaten human food in four years, I just need a second." Mika said still staring at the food."Don't be nervous Mika. Its alright." Yuu said gently, Mika smiled and picked up the spoon."Okay." Mika said taking a small spoonful and brought it to his mouth."Here's goes nothing..." He mused and took the first bite.



Chapter End Notes
How will Mika react to eating food for the first time in fours years and what's this burning feeling in Yuu's chest? Hmm....


CHOCOLATE
Chapter Notes
This is a long one!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Mika slowly brought the spoon to his mouth and took the first bite. The spicy flavor of the curry went well with the white rice and it tasted heavenly on the his tongue. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he ate the curry.  "Mika, why are you crying?" Yuu asked concerned, was it that bad? He hoped these lousy hospital chefs didn't ruin Mika's first meal, he'd go all vampire gansta on em.  "It tastes so good." Mika cried.  "Really!" Yuu asked happily, he was happy Mika liked it.  "Yes, it's perfect." Mika said wiping away his tears and smiled at him.  "Ew, my face looks so gross when I'm crying." Yuu said sticking out his tongue at the sight of his body, Mika laughed.  "You're wrong Yuu-chan. You look so cute when you cry." Mika said smiling.  "Not from what I see." Yuu said, Mika smiled again.  "You're always cute Yuu-chan. You're amazing in everything that you do and it's really incredible." Mika said, Yuu blushed and looked away, Mika giggled.  "You're cute when you blush to." Mika said.  "Shut up idiot." Yuu said crossing his arms over his chest, speaking of his chest...   "Say Mika?" Yuu asked.  "Hmm?" Mika asked through a mouth full of curry and rice.  "My chest is like burning, I can feel it in my throat too. What is it?" Yuu asked, Mika choked on the curry and brought a napkin to his mouth.  "Mika!?"  "Oh shit." Mika said, he looked at Yuu with a look of worry and nervousness.  "W-What’s wrong with me?" Yuu asked, Mika wiped his mouth.  "Well, it means that my body...my vampire side is..." Mika said awkwardly, it clicked in Yuu's head.  "I'm thirsty."  "Yes."  "For blood?"  "Yep."  "And I have to?"  "Sadly yes."   "Well shit." Yuu said leaning against the pillows.  "You should be okay for a few more days." Mika said gently.  "But drinking blood Mika!?" Yuu asked.  "It's not so bad Yuu-chan..." Mika said.  "But-!"  "Butts are for chairs Yuu-chan. Calm down, everything will be alright I promise okay?" Mika asked, Yuu took a deep breath and nodded.  "Alright." Yuu said.   "How can you deal with all this damn hair?" Yuu asked running his fingers through his now long, wavy blonde locks.  "It doesn't bother me." Mika said.  "It makes me feel hot." Yuu said fanning himself, Mika giggled at that. Yuu pushed the bangs back and brushed it behind his pointed ears. Wait, pointed. Ears?  "Your ears..." Yuu said touching them, they were pointed, it felt soft to the touch and he found himself giggling.  "No Yuu-chan!" Mika said embarrassed, Yuu laughed.  "They're so cool!" Yuu said and continued to touch the ears and hummed to himself. Mika sighed again.  "I hate my ears." Mika said looking at his now cold curry.  "Cause they're pointed?" Yuu asked.  "It reminds me even more that I'm not human anymore." Mika said.  "I don't care what you are Mika. You're still are and will always be, my Mika." Yuu said.  "Yuu-chan." Mika said blushing, Yuu smirked.   "Come on, don't be all sad. This switch up could be fun!" Yuu said.  "I'm afraid you'll hurt yourself Yuu-chan." Mika said.  "No way! I'm in your body now!" Yuu said.  "Even so Yuu-chan. I may be strong but you have to equal balance that strength or you'll get hurt." Mika explained.  "I can't wait to go lift some cars! I can even whip Kimizuki's ass even harder in this body!" Yuu said flexing his arms, Mika sighed.  "You're so silly Yuu-chan." Mika said, Yuu looked at him and smiled.  "That’s okay. I like being silly." Yuu said, Mika smiled.  "I know." Mika said, the two boys just stared at each other with a smile on their face for a while.   "Wha? What’s this? I smell boys being gay!" Shinoa announced as she entered the room.  "What!? Shinoa!" Yuu yelled, Mika looked away embarrassed. Damn humans.  "How you feeling?" Yoichi asked smiling.  "Fine." The boys answered in unison.  "Someone sounds grumpy." Kimizuki mumbled.  "We interrupted them." Yoichi said.  "What do you assholes want?" Yuu asked.  "Guren sent us to check up on you guys! So, here we are!" Shinoa said smiling, Yuu rolled his eyes and blew a strand of Mika's hair from his eyes.  "Too noisy." Mika mumbled and rolled onto his side, away from the humans.  "You're telling me, with this hyper-shit hearing." Yuu said.  "Jerks, we wanted to check to see if you two dumb idiots were okay!" Mitsuba said annoyed.  "Now now Mitsu, it's okay. They're just grumpy because we disturbed them!" Shinoa said.  "Then we'll come back again later!" Yoichi said smiling, the squad nodded and huddled out of the room.   "Hello gentlemen." The doctor said entering the room.  "Sup doc." Yuu said, Mika continued to face away from them, maybe he fell asleep again?  "How we feeling Yuichiro?" The doctor said.  "Yuu is fine, and I'm good." Yuu said. In all honesty, Yuu feels better than that. He feels the best he's felt in never! Yep, never. He feels strong and powerful. He liked the feeling.  "And Mikaela?" The doctor asked, Mika rolled over and faced the man.  "Good as well." Mika answered, the doctor nodded and checked their vitals and other medical information.   "When can we leave?" Yuu asked.  "You're both healthy so you can be released tomorrow." The doctor said writing on his clipboard.  "Really!?" The boys asked, the man smiled.  "Yes really! We need to keep you tonight but you'll be discharged tomorrow morning, though we'll be checking in a lot." The doctor said.  "Okay." Yuu answered.  "Great! Dinner should arrive soon. Good evening gentlemen." The doctor said, he bowed and left the room.   "I can't believe we get out of this stuffy room tomorrow!" Yuu said.  "I know, I can only stand humans so much." Mika commented.  "People smell weird." Yuu said.  "You have a stronger sense of smell now." Mika said.  "Like a dog?" Yuu asked, Mika narrowed his eyes at him but sighed.  "Yes Yuu-chan." Mika said.  "Cool!" Yuu said smiling. Mika shook his head with a small smile.  "Hmm, I wonder what's for dinner today?" Yuu said aloud, Mika shrugged.  "I wouldn't know." Mika said.  "I hope it's not something awful, I'd hate for you to eat this nasty hospital food when you can finally eat again." Yuu said, Mika chuckled.  "The food is good Yuu-chan, don't worry." Mika said smiling.   "I like how you're smiling more." Yuu said.  "Am I?" Mika asked covering his cheeks, he didn't notice. Just being around Yuu is enough to make him smile and warm his cold heart, Yuu is his life, his humanity...  "My home..." Mika whispered.  "What?" Yuu asked.  "You're like my home Yuu-chan." Mika said smiling, Yuu blushed.  "W-What? What are you talking about?" Yuu asked embarrassed.  "You make me so at home Yuu-chan, you make me happy and safe and loved. Seeing you makes me smile and you warm my heart. So, you feel like home to me." Mika said, Yuu sniffled and looked away from him.  "Yuu-chan! Are you-!?"  "I'm not crying! It's just...your stupid long hair got in my eyes!" Yuu said rubbing his face. Mika smiled.   "I love you..." Mika whispered.  "What?" Yuu asked sniffling and rubbed his eyes.  "Nothing, nothing." Mika said smiling again. Yuu looked at him.  "You're so weird." Yuu said.  "You're the weird one but I'm in your body so I guess I am the weird one." Mika said.  "I am not weird!" Yuu said.  "I know, but it's fun to mess with you Yuu-chan." Mika said smiling.  "Shut up jerk." Yuu grumbled, Mika giggled at him.   "Knock, knock! Dinner is served!" The nurse said walking into the room with a cart.  "Thanks." Mika said, the nurse set his food on his tray and turned to Yuu.  "We're terribly sorry but we aren't allowed to distribute blood to you." The nurse said bowing.  "I don't care." Yuu said, the nurse bowed again and walked to the door with the cart.  "Good night gentlemen." The nurse said and left the room.   "Geez. So what's for dinner?" Yuu asked. Mika stared at the food.  "I think it's pasta noodles." Mika said.  "Sounds good." Yuu said leaning back against the pillows. Mika slowly started eating the food while Yuu did a crossword puzzle.  "It's not bad." Mika said.  "I wonder if we can beg our nurse to bring you some chocolate cake. Now that is some good ass food." Yuu said.  "Chocolate cake does sound good." Mika said, Yuu smiled and hit the call nurse button.   Though reluctant and honestly ready to go home, the nurse brought a piece of chocolate cake for Mika and left.  "I haven't had chocolate in four years wow." Mika said.  "Well don't let it sit there pretty! Eat it before I do! Even if your body won't let me!" Yuu said almost watering at the mouth at the sight of his favorite food in front of his body.  "I can't even remember what it tasted like..." Mika said sticking his fork into the cake.  "It’s amazing! It's like heaven! Food for the soul I tell you." Yuu said serious, Mika chuckled.  "I'm sure." Mika said smiling and brought the first bite to his lips and ate it. The sweet, delicious chocolate cake practically melted in his mouth, hot damn it was amazing! Mika sighed contently as he closed his eyes and enjoyed the sweetness, he smiled even though he still had the spoon between his lips. Yuu laughed happily.  "You're so cute Mika." Yuu said smiling at the boy, Mika's mouth opened and the spoon fell out and onto his lap.  "Yuu-chan!" He yelled embarrassed. Yuu laughed more.  "I'm sorry! You just were! Even in my body you still make the same facial expressions and gestures. I think it's funny." Yuu said, Mika looked away and covered his red cheeks, Yuu's human body heats up too quickly! His cheeks felt so hot, hopefully Yuu couldn't see them!  "Please don't stop eating! Eat all you can Mika!" Yuu said, Mika swallowed the lump in his throat and smiled.  "Alright Yuu-chan." Mika said and ate the cake happily.   The boys spent the rest of their time telling old stories and remembering old inside jokes only they knew, they did multiple crosswords puzzles together and now found out that they had Mad Libs and finished half of them, the boys were on their ninth Mad Lib.  "Name a verb." Yuu said tapping the page with the pen.  "Hold." Mika answered, Yuu looked at him and wrote down his word.  "I need an adjective." Yuu said.  "Handsome." Mika said rolling onto his side and looked at Yuu with a yawn.  "And finally a possessive noun." Yuu said, Mika tapped his chin.  "Hamsters." Mika said.  "Perfect! And now our Mad libs reads..."   "On the Lumpy trip to the Swimming Pool, my Giant friend and I decided to invent a game. Since this would be a rather Fluffy trip, it would need to be a game with Bunnies and Bananas. Using our Grapes to bounce, we tried to get the Toaster next to us to play too, but they just Massaged us and started Running away. After a few rounds, we thought the game could use some Weaboo's so we turned on the Gate and started Jumping to the Cake that came on. This lasted for 10 Hours before I got Beautiful and decided to start Shaking. I'll never Hold that trip, it was the most Handsome road trip of my Hamsters."   "Sounds like a hell of a road trip." Mika said chuckling.  "You're telling me! Sounds kind of fun though." Yuu said.  "Yeah, it does..." Mika slurred, Yuu looked at him and saw that he was almost asleep, he looked comfortable and had his eyes closed.  "If you're sleepy then you can sleep Mika." Yuu said, Mika opened his eyes.  "No, I'm okay." Mika said.  "You're practically asleep over there! Just go ahead and sleep okay?" Yuu asked, Mika sighed and closed his eyes.  "Night Yuu-chan." Mika whispered and fell asleep. "Night night Mika." Yuu whispered back, he looked at Mika for a while before setting the Mad Libs down and closed his eyes. Hopefully Asuramaru will leave him alone, he'd kill the demon if he spilled Yuu's secrets to Mika.



Chapter End Notes
Asuramaru plans to spill Yuu's secrets, buckle up Mika.


Really?
Chapter Notes
Boom

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Mika felt like he was floating, that his body was at rest but his mind was elsewhere, it was peaceful."Ah, there's the faker!" Keyword, was peaceful.Mikaela opened his eyes and saw the white abyss around him, he slowly sat up. "Demon." Mika muttered glaring up at Asuramaru who was perched atop his sword."Thats a mean way to greet me Mikaela, I am basically Yuu now you know." Asuramaru said smirking."You are nothing like Yuu-chan. He is pure and strong." Mika said as he stood to his feet."Keep telling yourself that." Asuramaru said looking at the sky, it was a beautiful sunset. The orange and pinks contrasted together perfectly."What do you want." Mika asked."Me? I'm not sure yet." Asuramaru said, Mika raised an eyebrow at him."So anyways, you're the famous Mika Yuu would always rant about." Asuramaru said."Famous, what?" Mika asked."When Yuu first tried to make a contract with me. He said he wanted revenge, for his family, for you mostly." Asuramaru said."Huh?""Yuu would go on and on about you kid. Mika this and Mika that, I honestly thought he'd never shut up about you." Asuramaru said."Really?" Mika asked."Yes and when you two reunited a year or so back, he really didn't shut up then. See, I can hear Yuu's thoughts so as soon as he saw you, his mind went haywire. He was confused, he was happy, he was afraid, he was..." Asuramaru said tapping his chin."Yuu-chan..." Mika said."I know everything there is to know about Yuichiro. Everything." Asuramaru said, he looked like he shivered for a second there but it was too quick for Mika to see. "You make it sound like a bad thing." Mika said."Well, it can come in handy yes. Though, most of the time..." Asuramaru began."What is it?" Mika asked, Asuramaru looked at him."Do you know what Yuu truly thinks of you?" Asuramaru asked, Mika's eyes opened wide."Of course I know." Mika said."Do you really? Do you 100% know?" Asuramaru asked, Mika looked away."Well..." Mika began."There is so much you don't know about him." Asuramaru said, Mika clenched his fists."I know what I need to know. I love and trust Yuu-chan with my life. Nothing could ever change that." Mika said."Oh really now?" Asuramaru said, his face said 'is that a challenge?'"Y-Yes! Nothing you say could ever change how I feel about him." Mika said."Remember how I said I knew everything about him?" Asuramaru asked jumping off the sword."Y-Yeah?" Mika asked, for a small person, he carried a lot of power and he was intimidating. He reminded Mika a lot of Krul."I also know all his secrets, the deepest ones he'd never want anyone to know, especially you." Asuramaru said."What do you mean?" Mika asked."Remember back when we first met? I told you how Yuu has quite the imagination?" Asuramaru asked."Yes. I asked Yuu-chan about that, he said you were just being yourself and to ignore anything you say because you like to trick people." Mika said crossing his arms over his chest. "Ah yes, thats true but he really does. What his mind fantasies about you is almost sickening." Asuramaru said."Fantasies about me?" Mika asked."Yes vampire. He dreams about you, about everything he wants to do to you and what he wants you to do to him." Asuramaru said."U-Um..." Mika began embarrassed, was Yuu really? "Yes Yuu really does sexualize you two together." Asuramaru said."You're lying!" Mika yelled embarrassed. "Now why reason would I have to lie to you? Don't you want to know what Yuu thinks? What his fantasies of you are?" Asuramaru asked smirking."N-No! If Yuu-chan wanted me to know, he'd tell me himself!" Mika said."Yuu is dense and stupid, he won't just come out and tell his precious Mika how he wants to pin him down and-""Enough!" Mika yelled covering his ears. Asuramaru laughed loudly."And let me tell you exactly what he thinks when you drink his blood!" Asuramaru said, he looked like he was having fun. "No!" Mika yelled. 
'I don't want to hear how it disgusts him and how much he hates it! I know Yuu-chan hates when I drink his blood because I'm a vampire and-!'
"You're wrong." Asuramaru said."Huh?" Mika questioned, damn demon reading his mind!"I said you're wrong. You honestly think Yuu hates it when you suck his blood? That he hates it?" Asuramaru asked."Well, he hates vampires! So being fed off by one is...""Listen, Yuu does hate vampires. Yes, this is common knowledge. But you." Asuramaru said looking Mika dead in the eye."He loves when you drink his blood, okay? He craves it. It's pleasurable for him. Don't go saying I'm lying because sadly, I have to feel it to." Asuramaru said."W-What?" Mika asked.'Does Yuu-chan really like it when I suck his blood? Is that why he's always so eager for me to drink his blood?'"Yes. He loves you you stupid vampire. Yuu loves when you drink his blood. He feels he's repaying you for all you've done for him. That you're always carrying a piece of him with you where ever you go. It's kind of gross if you ask me but he's a sap like that." Asuramaru said."Yuu-chan." Mika said smiling, a huge weight was lifted off his shoulders just then. Thank God Yuu didn't hate him, he couldn't live with himself if Yuu hated him."Thanks for telling me this." Mika said smiling, Asuramaru smirked back."Hey, if I can't torture you, I'll torture Yuu instead. I can't touch you because you aren't really Yuu. Though I can read your mind." Asuramaru said."My mind?" Mika asked."Yep, you're fantasies are about the same as his, though yours are a bit more-""Thats enough!" Mika said covering his ears, Asuramaru laughed again."This was fun! Ill have to tell you more about Yuu later. You're about to wake up." Asuramaru said."I look forward to it." Mika said. "Mika! Wake up sleepy head!" Mika awoke slowly, he opened his eyes and saw himself next to him smiling happily, his fangs sparkling in the bright hospital lights."Yes Yuu-chan?" Mika asked sitting up and yawning."We've finally been discharged! Lets get the hell out of here!" Yuu said happily. Mika yawned again and swung his legs over the side of the bed and stood."Shinoa brought us some clothes, course they're mine so they'll fit you perfectly but maybe not so much for me." Yuu said, Mika looked at his body. Yuu had on a black shirt and skinny jeans that were a tad tight but it wasn't uncomfortable for Yuu."Okay." Mika said and walked into the bathroom to change, he looked at the mirror. It was still weird being in Yuu's body, Mika looked close in the mirror, Yuu's beautiful face, bright green eyes, full lips, black, always messy hair was staring back at him. He sighed and stripped off the shirt, he looked at his reflection again. Yuu has abs, he had broad shoulders and a few scars decorated his skin, Mika bit his lip. He wished he could've protected Yuu so he wouldn't have these scars on his perfect skin. There was a long scar on his ribs, he gently touched it. It didn't hurt him anymore, Mika trailed his fingers across his body, Yuu's body. Feeling every curve and indent, Yuu has such a nice body."Yo Mika! Did you fall asleep in there!?" Yuu asked knocking on the door, Mika nearly jumped out of his skin."N-No! One second!" Mika yelled and quickly changed into the new clothes and walked out, Yuu was there smiling."Lets go!" Yuu said, Mika smiled sheeply and nodded. 'Yuu-chan must never know I did that.' Mika whispered in his mind as he followed Yuu out the room.Yuu was about to rip open the door and run out into the sunlight when Mika grabbed him."What is it Mika?" Yuu asked."You need to wear this UV guard shield." Mika said strapping the plate to Yuu's shoulder."But whyyyyyy?" Yuu whinned."Becauseeeee, if you don't, my body will react to the sunlight and I'll die." Mika said poking Yuu's chest."Ugh fine." Yuu whined, Mika finished strapping the guard on."You must never take it off." Mika said."I won't! I promise! So let's go outside!" Yuu yelled grabbing Mika's wrist with a smile and ran outside."Holy fucking shit!" Yuu yelled as soon as the sunlight hit his skin."Yuu-chan!" Mika said running to Yuu who had escaped into the shade."That was hot! Isn't this thing supposed to protect me!" Yuu asked."Yes it is but it'll still kind of uncomfortable! You must be careful Yuu-chan!" Mika said."Man, I was looking forward to sun and heat." Yuu said."It just takes a few minutes to get use to! Come on." Mika said holding out his hands. Yuu looked up at him skeptically and put his hands in his. Mika pulled Yuu out into the sunlight slowly, Yuu winced but sighed."See?" Mika asked."Yeah, it's not so bad." Yuu said smiling."Good." Mika said."Now that I'm outside!" Yuu said and ran to the nearest car."Yuu-chan!" Mika yelled but Yuu had already lifted the car into the air."Mika! Check me out!" Yuu yelled excitedly as he held the vehicle with one hand."Please be careful!" Mika begged, Yuu set the car back down and ran to Mika."What else can I do!? Can I run fast?" Yuu asked."Yes but-!" Mika couldn't finish because Yuu was gone. Mika sighed and sat on the car Yuu lifted earlier and waited for Yuu to come back."Whoo!!" Yuu yelled sliding to a stop in front of Mika a few minutes later."Say Mika! Can I jump really high too?! Didn't you do it before?" Yuu asked."Yes Yuu-chan. Mika said, Yuu firmly planted his feet and jumped, he shot into the sky."Holy shit!" He yelled in the air, a very confused bird passed by him and Yuu fell to ground and landed in a pile of rubble with a thud."Ouch!" Yuu yelled."Yuu-chan!" Mika yelled running to Yuu's side, he lay on his back in the crater. "Oh my God, are you okay!?" Mika yelled. Yuu laughed."Okay!? I feel great!!!" Yuu said happily."I swear Yuu-chan, you'll be the death of me one day." Mika said bringing a hand to his chest, lord have mercy, his heart was beating fast, it pounded against his rib cage harshly."Don't worry Mika! I feel great!" Yuu said climbing out of the crater."Hang on, I need a second." Mika said taking deep breaths to calm his heart."You okay?" Yuu asked."Well, considering I had the life scared out of me and dealing with this rapidly beating heart, I've felt better." Mika said. Yuu smiled gently and rested his forehead against Mika's, Mika let it be as he breathed deeply, eventually his heart started to beat normally again, he sighed in relief."Thank you Yuu-chan." Mika spoke as he smiled."Of course, can't have you having a panic attack on me now." Yuu said, Mika opened his eyes, his own deep red eyes were staring back at him, Mika frowned as he grabbed Yuu cheeks."Mika?" Yuu asked, he wondered why Mika had rested his hands on his face, he put his hands on Mika's."What is it?""How does it not bother you?" Mika asked."How does what not bother me?" Yuu asked."My eyes. They're red, like blood. Like a monster, how does that not bother you?" Mika asked, Yuu smiled."Your eyes don't bother me at all. I don't care if they're red, let me tell you something Mika." Yuu began, Mika locked eyes again, stupid red-"Back when we were kids, you'd drag me and the other children outside and have us all watch the sunset, like a true family. Seeing your eyes reminds me of those times, because your red eyes are the color of a setting sun. They have life, they have emotion." Yuu said, Mika wanted to cry."When did you become such a sap?" Mika asked looking away from him, Yuu grabbed his cheeks this time and made him look at him."When did you stop being one?" Yuu asked, Mika just looked at him."Things have changed." Mika whispered."I don't think so." Yuu said, he gently rubbed Mika's cheek bones, or he guessed his own cheek bones, they locked eyes again."Mika." Yuu whispered, eyes half lidded."Y-Yuu-chan?" Mika whispered back, gawd this was intense, his heart was beating so fast."You Smell good." Yuu whispered as he sniffed his neck, the spot just below his ear, his body shivered on instinct. Ah, a soft spot."Mmm, Yuu-chan." Mika said."SURPRISE BITCHES!!!"Mikaela and Yuichiro never separated so fast in their life."Fucking Shinoa!? What the shit!?" Yuu asked, he had tripped and now laid on his back."Oh, I came at the best part didn't I?" Shinoa asked."What do you want!?" Yuu yelled."He he, Guren wants to see you Yuu-san." Shinoa said."Me? Why?" Yuu asked."Don't know, didn't ask." Shinoa said, Yuu sighed and stood to his feet and wiped off his clothes."Thanks I guess." Yuu said walking past her, his shoulder playfully hitting hers, she giggled as Yuu walked back into the building.Mika's heart returned to normal again, what's with Yuu's body?"So Mika-san." Shinoa began, Mika glared at her."What?" Mika asked."Whats it like being human hm?" Shinoa asked."Whats it to you." Mika asked."You might not believe me Mika-san but I do care about you, we all do. Just like we care for Yuu-san. We're concerned for you both." Shinoa said, Mika stared at her. Well she looks serious enough but Mika knew well that even the nicest people can be deceiving, he'd never trust this stupid little girl."Sure." Mika said. "I'm serious!" Shinoa defended."I have never seen you serious. All you do is joke and tease, it's a pain." Mika said."I was serious when I told you to take Yuu and run away. I was serious when said you're a part of our squad, our family. I was serious when I told you we care about you. So don't go around saying I'm never serious. I may joke around most of the time but when I'm serious about something, you best fucking believe I'm serious." Shinoa said, Mika gaped at her. Holy shit, she wasn't kidding."Now then! I was going to ask you to come have lunch with me and your squad! Its delicious!" Shinoa said smiling. What's with the short, childlike ones being intimidating!?"Of course." Mika said awkwardly smiling. Shinoa skipped up to him and looped her arm with his."Shall we?" Shinoa asked looking up at him with a kind smile, Mika smiled back."Yes, let's." Mika said leading Shinoa to the kitchenette.



Chapter End Notes
Whats good Guren?


Yuu-chan
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yuu walked to Guren's office, a few of the soldiers eyed him since only a few people knew of Yuu and Mika switching bodies so to them, an enemy, a vampire, was walking around in their territory and frankly, a few of them weren't okay with that. Yuu ignored their looks and kept walking but it was a difficult task. The way these soldiers were glaring at him..."Is this what Mika feels? Does he always get these looks just by walking around?"The looks were becoming hard to ignore, the hateful glares were burning at his skin. He arrived at Guren's office in a few minutes, he firmly knocked on the door."Come in Yuu." Guren said. Yuu entered the room and saw Guren sitting at his desk with Shinya sitting on it, Shinya smiled."Hello Yuu-kun. Nice to see you again." Shinya said."You too Shinya." Yuu said."Hmm." Shinya hummed."Whats this about?" Yuu asked with a hand on his hip."This is about you." Guren said."Me?""Yes, you're in Mikaela's body and surely, that's affecting you in more ways than one." Guren said."Its different, yeah." Yuu agreed."Surely, you know the main issue here and that's why I called you down here." Guren said, Yuu tensed. He knew this was about his thirst for blood."I know and I'm fine." Yuu said."Are you?" Guren asked."Yes. My throat burns but I'm okay, I'm not gonna attack our comrades if that's what you're thinking." Yuu said."Whats exactly what we're thinking." Shinya said speaking."Look, I won't attack anyone. If Mika can control his thirst then I can to." Yuu said crossing his arms over his chest."If you're confident in yourself then fine, but if you do get thirsty. Well, try not to attack anyone." Guren said."I think I can handle a little blood lust." Yuu said."Great.""Now get out of my office." Guren said pointing at the room, Yuu clicked his tongue and left the office."Hope he's not lying to us." Shinya said looking at Guren."Hope we can get this mix up fixed before he has to." Guren said.Yuu ignored the looks eating at his skin to search for Mika, he didn't think he'd still be outside and he hoped Shinoa hasn't done something to him when he left. Yuu sniffed the air, he could smell food! Also a strong scent, it smelled familiar and for some reason, this smell put his heart at ease so he followed the calming aura."Hahaha! You're hilarious!" Yuu's nose held him to the kitchen, where Mika and his squad were sitting, eating food and talking, they hadn't noticed Yuu yet."So one time, Yuu-kun slept in and he rushed to get ready for training! So he came running down the stairs with his uniform not fully put on yet and he tripped down the last few steps and fell right on Guren and spilled his coffee all over both of them! Guren so was so mad so he made Yuu do laps around the training area in his messy uniform and a hat that said "BRAT" on it!" Yoichi finished his story and everyone burst out laughing."That was an accident! How dare Yoichi tell them that!?""Whats going on here!?" Yuu asked accusingly as he stomped up to the table, everyone calmed their laughter."Oh, just telling Mika-san some old stories of you." Shinoa said patting Mika's arm."We had to fill him in on old stories he has missed out on." Yoichi said smiling wiping a tear away."My own squad has turned against me." Yuu said bringing a hand to his chest in offense."Its alright Yuu-chan." Mika said pulling Yuu to sit next to him."Its just harmless stories." Mika said smiling."What about the one time Yuu and Kimizuki got into a fight and Guren had to break it up?" Shinoa said."And embarrassed us in front of that entire class!?" Kimizuki asked."That was awful." Yuu said shaking his head, everyone chuckled."What about the time Yuu crashed that Jeep?" Yoichi asked."The asshole nearly ran me the over!" Kimizuki said."Yeah he did! Right before he crashed into that telephone pole." Shinoa said."Long story short, don't let Yuu behind the wheel of a vehicle." Mitsuba said, everyone laughed again, even Mika was wiping tears from his eyes from laughing."I can't believe you guys would embarrass me like this." Yuu said."You embarrassed yourself, we're just retelling the tales." Kimizuki said."You guys suck." Yuu said crossing his arms over his chest."I'm sorry Yuu-chan, it was nice to hear stories about you." Mika said patting Yuu's knee."Whatever." Yuu said looking at his squad with accusing eyes, that was until Mika's hair got in his eyes."This damn hair!" Yuu yelled pushing it back, everyone chuckled."I don't know how you can deal with this long hair." Yuu said."Like I said, it doesn't bother me." Mika said."What did Guren want?" Shinoa asked."Just to ask me a question." Yuu said."What was it?" Yoichi asked."Nothing important." Yuu replied fiddling with the UV guard on his shoulder. "I see, well we were about to go train and spar if you'd like to join us." Shinoa said."Lets do it! Me and you Kimizuki, let's go!" Yuu said standing from his seat and looked at said pinkie."Fine." Kimizuki said."This'll be interesting." Mitsuba said."Indeed." Shinoa said with a smile.The squad went outside to train since they have a new vampire ready to fight."First to knock the other down wins." Shinoa said as Yuu and Kimizuki stood at different ends of the cracked road."Kimizuki is getting his ass whooped again." Mitsuba said."What makes you say that?" Yoichi asked."Yuu's in Mika's body so he has vampire strength." Mitsuba said."That doesn't mean Yuu-kun will win, he hasn't battled with Mika's weapon or anything yet." Shinoa said."Oh no." Mika said nervously."Ready?" Shinoa asked, Yuu pulled out Mika's sword and took a stance where Kimizuki readied his twin blades."Fight!" Shinoa said and the battled started. Yuu shot off towards Kimizuki and had him pinned down with the sword at his neck in a few seconds. Holy shit! Kimizuki didn't even see him move."I win." Yuu said smirking."You cheated." Kimizuki said."Hey, it's our job to fight and take out vamps. If you can't stop me then that's sad." Yuu said shaking his head."Very well." Kimizuki said and shoved Yuu off of him, Yuu stumbled but blocked Kimizuki's attack. Kimizuki ducked down and swept Yuu off his feet, Yuu fell with a thud. Kimizuki stabbed his blades on both sides of Yuu's head."My win." Kimizuki said. Yuu smirked and kicked Kimizuki's leg making him fall back."Not bad." Yuu said helping up his team mate."Not so bad yourself." Kimizuki said dusting off his clothes."Say Mika!" Yuu said bouncing up to him."Yes Yuu-chan?" Mika asked."What cool tricks can I do with your sword?" Yuu asked, Mika looked at his blade then back at Yuu."Um, well I can send pressure waves from it...and when my sword drinks my blood, it becomes more powerful." Mika explained."Your blade can do that!? How!?" Yuu asked."I wouldn't suggest it Yuu-chan, that blade will release thorns and drink from you, it stings." Mika said."Come on Mika, we'll never be able to do this again! Let me try one time?" Yuu asked making his best puppy dog eyes, he didn't know how'd this work on Mika's face but Mika sighed."You'll be the death of me Yuu-chan. Fine." Mika said."Yay!" Yuu cheered."Whoop-pish." Shinoa said making a whip sound and gesture, Mitsuba snickered."Just hold the handle and say "sword drink my blood." Mika said."Sword, drink my blood." Yuu repeated and the blade responded instantly. Little red vines shot from the handle and clasped around Yuu's hand and wrist, Yuu bit his tongue as he hissed and felt the sword suck his blood. The blade turned blood red."Wow! Cool!" Yuu said as the vines returned to the handle."You can send a pressure wave." Mika explained, Yuu looked towards a building and slashed the blade. A huge chunk of the building fell to the ground."Fuck yeah!" Yuu said cheerfully."Guess we should challenge Mika too." Shinoa said looking at the boy in Yuu's body."Sure." Mika said, he felt a bit nervous fighting since he didn't have his strength or sword. How was he supposed to use Yuu's weapon? It has a fucking demon in it."Ill do it." Mitsuba said calling for her axe that landed in her hand."Be easy on him Mitsu." Shinoa cooed as they readied their stance."No promises." Mitsuba said, Mika bit his lip. Well shit."Ready? Fight!"Mitsuba strikes first, she slashed her blade at Mika and he blocked her attack, he held his katana up as he was forced to one knee since Mitsuba was holding him down. Mika knocked her feet and she fell but quickly regained her ground when Mika slashed, she stopped him easily."Tenjiryu, go." Mitsuba spoke as her demon attacked Mika, sending him back a few feet."I won." She said sending her blade away, Mika laid on the ground and held his sword in one hand and his chest in the other."You okay?" She asked bending down at him."Yes." He said as Mitsuba helped him up."Was that your demon?" Mika asked."Yea." Mitsuba said."Its terrifying." Mika said, Mitsuba smiled at him."Thank you." She said, Mika didn't know if that was supposed to be a compliment or not but she accept it as one."If you think hers is scary, wait till you see Asuramaru in action!" Yuu said smiling almost proudly. "I'm sure." Mika said with a nervous smile. In all honesty, Mika really didn't want anything to do with the demon. Yuu might okay with this selling his soul thing but it freaked Mika out. Asuramaru was terrifying, he was scary enough just talking to Mika, he didn't want to battle with him."Maybe he shouldn't." Yoichi spoke."Huh? Why?" Yuu asked."Well Mika might be in your body but I don't think Asuramaru could connect with Mika in order to fight. Plus the demon possession probably won't work for him." Yoichi said."I agree. I don't think Mika should call on Asuramaru, just using the blade is enough." Shinoa said."Fine." Yuu said. Mika mouthed a thank you to them, he didn't want to hurt Yuu's feelings."So, let's keep sparing!" Mitsuba said.The squad spent a few hours sparing and stopped when the sun started to go down."Lets head in! They might have dinner ready by now." Shinoa said."Go ahead, I'll catch up." Yuu said and the squad left, Yuu looked at Mika who was sitting on a car looking at the sunset."You okay Mika?" Yuu asked sitting next to him."I'm fine." Mika replied, Yuu looked up at the sunset as well, it was beautiful. "I remember..." Mika began, Yuu turned his attention to Mika."During our years apart, I'd always look up at the sunset and wonder if you were looking at it too." Mika whispered, Yuu stared at Mika."I'd remember sitting and watching the sunset with you and the other kids..." Mika said as tears stung his eyes."Too bad they'll never see one again...because I was stupid." Mika said clutching at his pants."You weren't stupid Mika! You had no idea that that bastard would be there!" Yuu defended."But those innocent kids!""Mika, I know. They didn't deserve what happened but we can't change what happened. What we can do is love for them." Yuu said. "But Yuu-chan-""Don't but Yuu-chan me. I've lived everyday for you and the other kids because you're my family." Yuu said, Mika bit his lip and he stared at his hands."Yuu-chan..." "Please don't regret what happened Mika." Yuu asked, Mika remained quiet as he stared at his hands, Yuu reached over and grabbed Mika's hand. Mika looked up at Yuu in surprise and Yuu smiled, Mika blushed at the contact of their hands."U-Um." Mika began embarrassed, his heart was racing."I can hear your heart racing." Yuu whispered, his face blushed redder."W-Well, Yuu-chan so suddenly..." Mika stammered. "You're blushing because I grabbed your hand?" Yuu asked with a tease."..." Mika looked away."You're so cute Mika." Yuu said chuckling, Mika tightened his fingers."You were cute as a child but now..." Yuu began, Mika stared at the bent stop sign and ignored the cool body leaning his way, stupid damn heart needs to calm the fuck down."Now you're breath takingly beautiful." Yuu whispered, Mika bit his lip. Fucking hell..."Y-Yuu-chan." Mika stuttered. His body was cold leaning towards his, the hand holding his was cold but yet it caused him to heat up. Yuu smelled his neck, the spot just below his ear and he shivered."I can smell..." Yuu began."My blood?" Mika finished, that stop sign was really interesting. "Yes, it smells so good." Yuu said smiling, something in Yuu was stirring, like a part of him was clawing at his mind, telling him to give in."Are you thirsty?" Mika asked, he still refused to look at Yuu, he didn't think he could handle it."Mmm." Yuu hummed as he licked his neck, Mika shivered again."Y-Yuu-chan." Mika said, Yuu clutched his hand tighter. Yuu's resolve was crumbling, that part inside of him was screaming at him, telling him to bite his neck and drink his blood. Yuu leaned closer to his neck and he opened his mouth...



Chapter End Notes
Blood is just thick, red kool-aid.


Long time no see
Chapter Notes
Old friends pay a visit?

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Wait Yuu-chan." Mika said pushing against Yuu's chest, he wasn't ready. He promised himself that day all those years ago he'd never let another vampire drink his blood, even if this was his body being controlled by Yuu, he couldn't do it. He shivered. "Mika?" Yuu asked pulling away, Mika was shivering. "Are you okay?" Yuu asked."Y-Yeah." Mika stuttered, he took a deep breath and calmed his rapidly beating heart."I'm sorry, I'm just..." Mika said."Its alright." Yuu said with a smile, he griped Mika's hand."I just got caught in the moment, I'm not thirsty so it's okay. I won't do anything you're not okay with Mika." Yuu said."You should have thought of that when you used my sword and strength and ignored me all the times I told you no when you did something stupid." Mika said glaring at Yuu, who only laughed out loud."Okay okay, I'm sorry but those were fun!" Yuu said. "Hypocrite." Mika growled."I'm sorry Mika but I'm just trying to make this situation a fun one! I know there must something you want to do with my body." Yuu said. Mika couldn't stop the blush that was forming on his cheeks at the suggestive statement."N-No! I've eaten food and slept, that's enough." Mika defended. "Don't you want to do something else? Like fighting with Asuramaru or -!""No." Mika said quickly, Yuu stared at Mika."Why are you so against interacting with Asuramaru?" Yuu asked."He's terrifying Yuu-chan! He freaks me out, I can barely talk to him so I don't think letting him possess my body like a puppet would be a good idea. You might be okay with this but I'm not." Mika said looking back at the stop sign. The sun had long been gone down, leaving Mika and Yuu alone in the darkness."I'm sorry Mika, I didn't know you felt that way." Yuu said almost sounding hurt."Yuu-chan?" Mika asked looking back at Yuu, his head was down so the blonde locks covered his eyes."I did this for you, you know." Yuu mumbled."Huh?""This! All of this! Joining this damn army, selling my soul to a fucking demon, accepting strangers as my family!""Yuu-""Training endless hours, running on barely little sleep and hardly even food!""Wha-""Nearly dying almost everyday! Id wake up knowing I had to go to fight and knowing I could loose my life today!""...""All for you! And our family! I did all of this to get revenge for you! For us! Ill find that Bathory bastard and tear him apart! I woke up everyday ready to fight so I could make you and the kids proud!""...""I'm an awful person, I know. I'm demon spawn, an evil child no one fucking wanted. You guys at the orphanage accepted me like a person.""...""You took me in, loved me, gave me warmth and happiness. And when I lost that, it hurt like a bitch. Thats way I did everything that I did.""...""I'm contracted to Asuramaru because he gives me strength to fight the vampires with. He helps me take down the monsters that stole the lives of innocent children.""Yuu-""I did this for you Mika! I did everything I could so I could make you proud! Because! Because Mika I-!""Oi, why the fuck are you two yelling out here?!"It was Guren who walked out, the boys looked at him."Dinner is ready, so go inside." Guren ordered. Yuu and Mika stared at each other and Mika was the first to go inside, Yuu remained still."You alright?" Guren asked grabbing Yuu by the forearm."Great." Yuu replied pulling his arm from Gurens grip."Yuu-""Ill be inside in a minute." Yuu mumbled, his back to the man. Guren sighed as he looked up at the stars and he to, went inside."There you are! Sit down!" Shinoa said as Mika entered the kitchen, he sat next to her and was given a plate of food. It smelled heavenly!"I'm exhausted." Yoichi said, everyone smiled and nodded with agreement at Yoichi's statement."We worked hard today, good work team!" Shinoa said smiling, everyone nodded in agreement and dug into their dinner. "Fucking shit." Yuu growled as he kicked a rock and it shot through the air and heard a distant, 'whoa'."Who's there!?" Yuu yelled, he breathed deeply for something, any kind of scent of something being out there. Then he heard footsteps approaching him, it sounded like two pairs of feet, so he could probably take them in a fight if he had too."Show yourself!" Yuu yelled again, the feet stopped."Is that you Mika-kun?" A voice asked, it was smooth."Of course it's him, idiot." Another voice said, it was deeper than the first but it was still smooth."Don't be like that René! I didn't recognize him at first!""How could you not?" "Umm..." Yuu began, who were these two? He couldn't see them that well even with Mika's vision but something about their presence made his skin crawl."Its been so long Mika-kun!" The first voice said stepping into the moonlight, Yuu gasped. A vampire! They were both vampires! Yuu growled, he didn't have a weapon!"What a mean look to give us! I thought we were friends!" The first spoke, he had asymmetrical purple hair, his red eyes practically glowed in the darkness, his fangs sparkled in the moonlight. "Do you ever shut up." The other spoke, he had black hair that was almost shoulder length, he appeared bored. "Nope! So Mika-kun, how've you been! We haven't talked since you skipped out on us back before you left for City Hall!" The purple haired spoke, Yuu eyed him. Okay, apparently these two vamps knew Mika pretty well if they can just talk to him like this, Yuu didn't know what to say! What if he said something he shouldn't and could Mika and everyone in danger!?"Sorry." Yuu said, the vamps looked at him in surprise. "Wow, Mika apologized to us René!" He said."I know Lacus, I heard him." René said. Ah, René and Lacus were the blood suckers names."And look at you!" Lacus was suddenly in front of him, Yuu took a step back."So you finally drank human blood huh? How was it?" Lacus asked, almost as if he was teasing him, Yuu only scowled at him."That bad huh? Poor guy." Lacus said shaking his head."I thought he'd die before drinking human blood." René said honestly. "Huh?" Yuu asked confused. "You're acting so weird Mika! Don't you remember? You refused to drink human blood for four years and suffered all that pain and loneliness for what? A family member that wouldn't want you because you became the monster they feared most." Lacus asked, Yuu gaped at them. The entire four years of them being parted, was it really only just pain and loneliness to Mika? He had no one! He suffered alone with these monster for four years!? Yuu growled."However." Lacus said picking up Yuu's chin, his blood red eyes staring into his own. Lacus was about an inch taller so he smirked down at him."The red eyes suit you well." Lacus said licking his lips, Yuu pushed him away."Feisty as always!" He said smiling."Idiot." René mumbled."What are you doing here?" Yuu asked."Krul was worried about her pet." René said."Her pet?" Yuu asked confused." About you!" Lacus said."Huh!?" Yuu asked."Jeez Mika-kun! Did you forget everything? Did the livestock do something to you!?" Lacus asked."Um..." "Why are you floating around here? Did you find the livestocks hiding spot?" René asked."Um..." "I can smell them, I can smell..." Lacus said taking a big wiff, René did the same."Blood." They said in unison."Leave them alone!" Yuu said angrily."Oh? Does Mika want all the blood for himself? " Lacus asked teasingly. "We could-""No! There aren't any humans around here so you can go." Yuu said crossing his arms over his chest."We weren't asking for permission." René said. "We came for a reason Mika." Lacus said."That being?" Yuu asked."Krul wants her pet back so that's why we're here. You're coming with us." René said."What!?" Yuu yelled."Come now! You know you can't defy the queen!" Lacus said."I'd die before I'd go with you!" Yuu said, the vampires smirked and drew their weapons."Very well." René said and they attacked Yuu.Yuu tried to avoid their attacks the best he could but with no weapon, he couldn't fight back. 'Holy shit, they're fast!'Yuu was kicked off his feet and Lacus' weapon was at his neck when he hit the ground, René was behind him."Either you leave with us or we kill you where you lay." Lacus said, his amused face was gone, he looked serious, he looked dangerous, it made Yuu shiver. Yuu bit his lip and fuck! Damn fucking fangs!"Sometime tonight Mika." Lacus said wiping the blood from Yuu's lip and tasting it.'Shit, I have to go, I can't let them kill me but I also can't just go and leave everyone behind! Maybe I can stall them long enough and maybe someone will come looking for him! I have been out here for a while!'The vampires stared down at him."I can't leave." Yuu said."Oh?""And why's that?""I have business I'm doing here. I'm watching the humans..." Yuu said. 'Don't let your emotions show'"Watching the livestock? I thought you said there weren't any?" Lacus asked."I did say that because it's only a small group, I'm collecting information to deliver to the queen." Yuu explained."Collecting information?" René asked, the vampires lowered their weapons."Yeah, what their plans are and what's going to happen. I can't leave yet, I'm close to hearing what their next step in the war is." Yuu said."I see, guess you gotta stay huh?" Lacus asked standing."Yes, I shouldn't be here much longer." Yuu explained."Very well, Krul won't be happy that we won't have you when we come back." René said."But she'll like to hear that you're collecting information for her." Lacus said."Yeah." Yuu agreed."We better leave then, let you do your thing?" Lacus suggested."Yeah, I have this handled." Yuu said."We had another person we had to look for anyway." René said."Who?" Yuu asked."Krul was wanting him, what was his name again?" Lacus asked looking at René."Someone by the name of Yuichiro Hyakuya."



Chapter End Notes
Lacus and René are my dogs


Fountain Base
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Mika noticed Yuu wasn't back yet, had something during their training upset him? Maybe he should go check on him."Whats the matter Mika-kun?" Yoichi asked."Oh, I was wondering why Yuu-chan hasn't come inside yet." Mika said."He's probably in one of his moods." Mitsuba said."His moods?" Mika asked."Sometimes our dear Yuu-san gets mad or upset about something and he stays away from us for a while." Shinoa said."And you don't comfort him!? Actually never mind, I want you to stay away from him." Mika said."Why!? He's our family too!" Mitsuba said."I'm his family." Mika said."Thats true Mika-san but Yuu has been with us for a few years now and we have all come a long way from day one and we do love and care about him." Shinoa said. Mika glared at the humans, how dare they say that they're Yuu's family, they have no idea what he's really like and about his past like Mika did."I'm going to check on him." Mika said standing."But Mika-!""No." Mika mumbled and left the room. Everyone sighed."He was doing so well!" Mitsuba said."Damn bastard." Kimizuki said."Well it won't be easy to get Mika-san to accept us as family. We'll just have to try harder! If we got Yuu-san to accept us then we can get Mika-san too." Shinoa said."Right." The squad agreed. "W-What?" Yuu stammered. The vampires were looking for him?! Why!?"Yeah, Krul said she desperately needs him." Lacus said."Why?" Yuu asked."Don't know, we don't question the queen. You should know that." René said."Yeah, considering you're her little pet." Lacus said."Enough with this pet bullshit, I'm not someones pet." Yuu said."Wow! You're acting so differently Mika!" Lacus said."The world changes a person." Mika said."Hmm, very true." Lacus mused. "Yuu-chan!" Mika called, where was that boy!? How far could he have possibly gotten? Well considering that he's in Mika's vampire body then he could get very, very far and at a fast pace at that. Mika sighed."Yuu-chan!" Mika called again as he searched for him. "I wonder where this Yu-tree-o could be hiding." Lacus said, Yuu's eye twitched. The fuck is Yu-tree-o!?"She said he would be-""Yuu-chan!?" A voice called in the distance. 'Shit!'"Did anyone else hear that?" Lacus asked picking at his ear."I didn't hear a thing!" Yuu said quickly."Yuu-chan!" The voice said louder."Oh! Is it a human? Good thing, I'm starved!" Lacus said smiling."You cross by me and you're dead." Yuu growled, he won't let these ugly blood suckers lay a finger on Mika!"Is that supposed to scare us?" René asked."The humans in this area are mine." Yuu said."Yuu-chan!" "Its getting closer, it'll come to us before we cross by you." Lacus said smirking. "It makes no difference, if you touch him I'll kill you." Yuu said."Please, you kill us?" René asked."We're stronger than you Mika-kun. You may be a noble but we're older than you by hundreds of years." Lacus said."We're more experienced than you." René said."Is that supposed to scare me?" Yuu asked."One livestock won't ruin your so-called 'spying' so it shouldn't matter." Lacus spoke."This one will, I won't let you take him." Yuu said."Sounds like a challenge." Lacus said."This wouldn't be much of a challenge. Just leave." Yuu said."Yuu-chan?""Hmm, why should we? Krul didn't set a deadline, our base isn't far from this location. Whats the rush?" Lacus asked."Base huh? Where's this so-called base?" Yuu asked crossing his arms over his chest."It's about twenty miles from this location, near the big fountain." René said."Interesting." Yuu said smirking."Hmm, quite." Lacus said. "Yuu-chan?" Mika asked, he kept walking and heard voices, was it Yuu!? "We'll be back to check on you dear Mika-kun!" Lacus said."Please don't." Yuu mumbled, Lacus smirked and René looked stone cold as they disappeared into the night."Jackasses." Yuu mumbled."Yuu-chan?" Yuu turned and saw Mika standing there."Mika? How long have you-" Yuu was cut off when Mika tackled him into a hug."Meanie Yuu-chan! I've been looking for you! I called your name and I know you heard me!" Mika said as he pressed his face against his chest, Yuu blushed but hugged Mika back."Sorry Mika." Yuu said."What are you doing out here? Who were you talking to?" Mika asked."What do you mean...?" Yuu asked."I heard you talking and don't play dumb, I heard you." Mika said putting his hands on his hips and looked up at Yuu. Yuu stared at the sassy Mika and sighed, he couldn't lie to Mika."These two vampires came up to me and started talking to me, apparently they know you rather well." Yuu said."What?" Mika asked."One was talkative as fuck and Count Gloomy was his partner, what was their names again?" Yuu asked to himself."Lacus and René." Mika spoke."Yeah them, they said they were looking for you." Yuu said."Me?" Mika asked."Yeah, they kept going on about how you're the queens pet or some shit like that." Yuu said, Mika pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed."Pet is a strong and unnecessary word but basically yes, in a sense I am." Mika said."How?" Yuu asked."The queen was the one to save me on that day many years ago, she gave me her blood and I was born a vampire." Mika explained."Why haven't you told me!?" Yuu asked."I have! Remember when I was driving us to save those humans? You said you wanted to thank her for saving me?" Mika asked."Oh yeah." Yuu said, Mika sighed again."Anyways, they said she wants you and that's why they came all this way." Yuu said."Shit, if she sent Lacus and René then-wait, how did you manage to get them to leave? Lacus can be very persistent." Mika asked."I just said I was spying on the humans and collecting info for the queen and they bought it!" Yuu said looking proud of himself."I can't believe it." Mika said."I know, plus they kept saying I was acting weird." Yuu said."Most likely because you talked to them where I didn't." Mika said."Seriously? Oops." Yuu said."Its fine, what did they say when you said you were collecting information?" Mika asked."They said the queen would be upset that they were returning with you but they had someone else to look for anyway." Yuu said."Another person to look for?" Mika questioned nervously, don't tell me..."It was me." Yuu said slowly."Shit, I knew it was a matter of time." Mika said running his fingers through his hair."You know why!?" Yuu asked."Well, I can only assume it's the same reason she saved me and kept me alive all these years." Mika said."Whats so special about us?" Yuu asked."I explained this to you before Yuu-chan, remember how I said our orphanage experimented on us?" Mika asked."Yeah, you were serious?" Yuu asked."Yes, Yuu-chan I was." Mika said."...continue." Yuu said."The experiments they did on us were deadly and the outcome is dire." Mika explained."Whats in us?" Yuu asked."It's called the 'Seraph of the End', you've already activated your seraph back in Shinjuku." Mika explained."You mean when I sprouted trees from my back and went crazy?" Yuu asked."They were wings Yuu-chan. Seraphs are dangerous. You also witnessed that girl as a Seraph at the Nagoya Airport." Mika said."You mean that Kimizuki's sister was a real seraph?" Yuu asked."Yes she was, she was actually one of the higher trumpets." Mika said."Trumpets?" Yuu asked."Yes and it pains me to say that Yuu-chan, you are the second trumpet, the King of Salt." Mika explained."King of Salt?" Yuu asked."Do you remember anything of that?" Mika asked."I mean, I remember talking to Asuramaru in my head and I saw a trumpet and blew the horn and then it was all a blur." Yuu said."You caused a lot of damage but you halted the war and we managed to get away and you saved that little girl." Mika said."I did?" Yuu asked."Yes." Mika said."So everyone was experimented on?" Yuu asked."Everyone in the Hyakuya Orphanage yes and selected others." Mika said."Have you activated your seraph?" Yuu asked."No, I haven't waken my Seraph." Mika said."Hopefully you never will, from what I've heard. My seraph is terrifying, I don't want to see you like that Mika." Yuu said."I wasn't very successful in the experiments but you, you were very promising." Mika said."Was I?" Yuu asked."Your pain and anger were what made you more successful than the other kids and I." Mika said. "Seriously?" Yuu asked."Yes." Mika said."What now?" Yuu asked."We have to survive and make it through this war." Mika said."Those two vampires where their base is." Yuu said."They did?" Mika asked."Yeah, it's about twenty miles from here. Near a big fountain I think they said." Yuu said."I wonder who's in charge...Crowley wouldn't lead so he must be with Ferid and that's probably who is leading them." Mika mumbled to himself."We have to tell Guren! We could take out that group of vampires there!" Yuu said."It won't be easy, you saw how you failed against Crowley. Ferid is a lot stronger." Mika said."I know Mika, I've witnessed his strength." Yuu said, Mika bit his tongue."Of course Yuu-chan." Mika said."Lets go find Guren and tell him where the vampires base is." Yuu said walking back inside, Mika sighed and followed Yuu.



Chapter End Notes
I like shells ♡


W-What?
Chapter Notes
I always hated Guren

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Say René." Lacus began as he kicked a rock."What?" René asked looking at the purple haired man."Didn't you think Mika was acting strangely?" Lacus asked."Yes, he was acting very weird." René agreed."I wonder why, he usually never holds a conversation with us. And what's this about spying on the humans?" Lacus asked."I'm not sure, before that he mentioned that there were no humans." René said."I know, something's up with Mika. Do you think he could be working with the humans?" Lacus asked."After his whole speech about how he hates the humans? He'd never work alongside them." René said."But he hates our kind too but yet he works with us?" Lacus pointed out."Well he doesn't have a choice with us, the queen has him under her thumb. He'd never defy her." René said."Still, he was acting weird. Somethings happened between now and that day back in Nagoya." Lacus said."I can't imagine." René said uninterested."We'll report this to Krul and see what she has to say and we'll go from there." Lacus said."Agreed." René said."And what do you think about this Yu-tree-o we have to look for? Why do you think Krul wants him?" Lacus asked."Its Yuichiro, and I don't know." René answered."Weird Japanese names." Lacus said as they entered the camp. Yuu entered the building and walked straight to Gurens office, soldiers still gave him a mean look and Mika was sure to glare at them, he knows how those hateful stares burn your skin and Yuu didn't deserve that. Course, a few selected knew of Mika and Yuu's switch so to these people, this was still an enemy in their base and not one of their own in the enemy's body."Guren." Yuu said knocking on his door."What now? Come in." Guren said annoyed. Yuu entered first with Mika close behind him.Guren was sitting at his desk with Shinya by his side."Ah, Yuu and Mika! How are you boys doing?" Shinya asked with a smile."Fine." They answered in unison. Guren looked up from his paperwork and could feel the tension from the young teens and noticed they were standing a distance apart from each other, that was unusual for them."What do you want?" Guren asked."I made an encounter with two vampires and they told me that they and other vampires were in a camp about ten miles from here." Yuu said."And you're just trusting their words?" Guren asked."I know the vampires sir. They wouldn't lie about the location of their camp." Mika spoke, Guren narrowed his eyes at Mika."You see no reason that they'd maybe lie to you?" Guren asked."They have all reason to but they were sent to look for me so they told Yuu where the camp is so I could possibly return." Mika said."Why would they be looking for you?" Guren asked."Thats none of your business. However, Yuu told them he was spying on a group of humans and that's when they left." Mika said sternly."Is that true Yuu?" Guren asked. "Yes, I did say I was spying and collecting information for the queen." Yuu said."For the queen huh? Why her specifically?" Guren asked."The two vampires kept going on about me being the queens pet or some shit like that." Yuu said."Pet? Interesting, care to explain?" Guren asked turning his eyes to Mika but Mika bit his lip. Last thing he wanted was to tell a human his back story, let alone the one that controls an army of vampire slaying humans. "Its none of your business Guren, we're here because I wanted to report about their camp and see what you wanted to do." Yuu said."Hmm, you said that you knew these vampires?" Guren asked."Yes, I've known them for years." Mika replied."Would you consider them your friends?" Guren asked, Mika physically grimaced at the thought of Lacus and René being his friends."Of course not, I'd never befriend a vampire." Mika said."Interesting coming from a vampire himself." Guren said."Vampirism was forced upon me so don't you dare think that I wanted this. I hate the vile creatures that did this to me." Mika growled at the man."Oh yeah? Why should I trust you? You're a vampire, for all I know, you could be a spy sent by the queen." Guren said. "I use to follow the queens bidding but I do no longer." Mika said."Yet you worked alongside her and her fellow bloodsuckers for years and killed more than a few of my men in those years as well.""Yeah but-""You drank the blood of a human being." Guren said."That isnt-""In my eyes, you're no better than those blood suckers." Guren spat."Guren!" Yuu and Shinya yelled, Mika looked taken back but he narrowed his eyes."I don't give a shit about what you have to say about me, I'm only here because of Yuu-chan so say whatever you want about me." Mika said through clenched teeth."I'll remember that." Guren said."Ill be back later, come on Mika." Yuu said grabbing Mika by the arm and pulled him out the room."Guren Ichinose! How dare you say that to Mikaela!?" Shinya asked angrily. "If the kid can't hear and accept the truth about what he is then he's not going to make it in my army." Guren said."That was still uncalled for." Shinya said disappointed. "Come on Shinya, I was-""I know but your crude humor and everything but that was unnecessary, Yuu came in with viable information that you could've used to get a head in this war." Shinya said and Guren sighed."I know but come on Shinya, how am I supposed to accept the words of that vampire?" Guren asked."Yuu trusts him so you should at least try to trust Mikaela as well." Shinya said."Yuu is blinded by his love for him. I won't let this vampire into my army and work with my men until I know I can trust him." Guren said."He has helped your men! He worked alongside Yuu and his squad and hasn't let him down." Shinya defended."Vampires can be deceiving Shinya. Trust me, I know well. This vampire will take a lot will earn my trust and if he can't handle what I have to say then he won't last in my army." Guren said and Shinya sighed at his words."Oh Guren." Shinya said shaking his head. "I can't believe Guren said that! What the actual fuck!?" Yuu yelled."Its fine Yuu-chan." Mika said."No it isn't! No way in hell is Guren or anyone for that matter okay to insult you like that!" Yuu said, Mika smiled lightly."Its really okay, I'm use to stuff like this Yuu-chan." Mika said."Well when I'm around, no one will ever talk to you like that and if someone does it behind my back then you tell me okay?" Yuu asked gripping Mikas shoulders. "I will." Mika said."Good! Especially if it's behind my back! And it would be since you're in my body!" Yuu said and Mika chuckled."I know." Mika said."Good! Now come on, let's go and see what our friends are up to." Yuu said taking Mika by the hand and pulled him along."Our friends?" Mika repeated."Of course! Shinoa, Mitsuba, Kimizuki and Yoichi are our friends!" Yuu said smiling."Friends is a strong word." Mika retorted."Well, that's okay! I won't push them on you so we'll go your speed and accept them when you're comfortable okay?" Yuu asked."Okay." Mika said."Great! Lets go make friends!" Yuu said clutching Mikas hand harder and pulled him. Mika blushed at the contact of their hands, even through the glove, his hands were still cold. His monstrous hands and body were cold to the touch and the fact that whenever they touch, Mika got a chill. Did Yuu feel like this? Whenever he reached out to Mika and touched his skin, did he get this awful, chilly feeling? "Your hand has gone loose, you okay?" Yuu asked."How do you not get a chill whenever you touch my cold body?" Mika asked, Yuu looked at him and at their locked hands."I do get a chill but not because of the coldness." Yuu mumbled."Then from what?" Mika asked, Yuu blushed and looked away from Mika and he raised an eyebrow. "Because it's you Mika." Yuu said quietly."M-Me?" Mika asked."Its not from the chill from your body, it's because you touched me...it's...I guess from...excitement and happiness..." Yuu said, Mika gasped."R-Really?" Mika asked, Yuu was still looking away when he nodded."I like you a lot Mika...those years with us apart...it really..." Yuu said."Really?" Mika asked."It really made me think, you really don't know how much you love and treasure someone until you lose them." Yuu said looking into Mikas eyes. "W-What're you trying to say?" Mika asked."I can't believe I never noticed it before." Yuu said grabbing both of Mika's hands."Noticed...what?" Mika asked blushing."Mika, I- I love you." Yuu said gripping both of Mika's hands."Y-Yuu-chan!" Mika gasped.



Chapter End Notes
Yuu, you sly dog!


Confess
Chapter Notes
Sorry! I was lazy and at Comic Con but here you are!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"I wonder what's taking Mika so long." Mitsuba mentioned."You'd think he'd be back with the idiot by now." Kimizuki said."Who knows with those two." Yoichi said."Yuu and Mika were heading to Gurens office." Narumi said entering the room."Why?" Shinoa asked."I don't know, didn't stay to find out. I just saw them walking in." Narumi answered grabbing a water bottle from the fridge."I wonder why." Yoichi said."Don't know, don't care." Narumi said."Do you know if they left?" Shinoa asked."Yeah, they stormed out and Mikaela looked pissed so I left and came here." "Well, I guess they'll get to us when they can, in the meantime. Come on you guys, we have to train." Shinoa said clapping her hands, the squad finished the last of their food, grabbed water bottles and headed outside.Meanwhile, Yuichiro and Mikaela were still in the hallway, holding hands as Yuu waited for Mika to say something. Anything."Yuu-chan!" Mika said with a gasp. His heart was rapidly beating and he suddenly felt sweaty. "I love you Mika." Yuichiro repeated slowly with a smile."I-I..." Mika's words were caught in his throat, he didn't know what to say. No, he knew exactly what he wanted to say but his words weren't coming out."Oh, I'm sorry Mika...I didnt-" Yuu said pulling his hands away and took a step back."No!" Mika said reaching out to Yuu, tears were rolling down his cheeks."I love you too Yuu-chan! I've always loved you!" Mika confessed, it was Yuu's turn to blush."R-Really?" Yuu asked."Yes! Since the moment I saw you all those years ago! The day you arrived at the orphanage was the best day of my life." Mika said holding Yuu's hands."Mika!" Yuu said smiling and pulled Mika into a hug and with his new vampire strength, lifted Mika off his feet and spun around happily."Gah! Yuu-chan!" Mika said clinging to Yuu for dear life."I'm so happy!" Yuu yelled and startled a few people that were still in the hallway."Put me down!" Mika said hitting Yuu's shoulder, Yuu laughed and ran down the hall with Mika in his arms. "Do you hear running?" Yoichi asked holding his bow up, the squad was still outside practicing and heard the rapid footsteps."Maybe it's Yuu and Mika-san, they should be done talking to Guren by now." Shinoa said and sure enough, here comes Yuu but he was holding Mika up in his arms."What the hell?" Kimizuki asked what everyone was wondering. "Hey guys!" Yuu greeted happily."Yuu-chan, put me down this instant!" Mika said and thankfully, Yuu put him down and Mika sighed with relief."What just happened." Mitsuba asked."Mika and I confessed our love for each other." Yuu said grabbing Mika's hand into his own and Mika looked away. The squad stopped for a second and spared each other a glance."Congratulations Yuu-kun." Yoichi said smiling, Yuu smiled brightly."Bought time! Pay up losers." Shinoa said holding her palm out to Kimizuki and Mitsuba, they cursed and each placed a ten dollar bill in her waiting hand."Yoichi too." Shinoa said and they each gave ten to Yoichi who insisted on not taking it but Shinoa took it for him and stuffed it in his coat pocket."Oh my." Yoichi said shaking his head."What the hell? Whats with the money being passed around!?" Yuu asked."You see Cherry Boy, we all knew you were head over boots in love with our dear Mikaela here so we placed bets on how soon you'd confess." Shinoa said."Asshole, couldn't you wait for like, another few months?" Kimizuki asked annoyed."Huh!?" Yuu yelled, Mika looked at the squad surprised."Yoichi and I bet that you'd spill the beans in less than six months since we saved him!" Shinoa said and high five Yoichi."Where'd we bet that you'd confess in maybe a year since we got him. You're too oblivious so we figured you wouldn't realize your crush in time." Mitsuba said."Fucking cheap." Kimizuki growled."You guys seriously bet on us!?" Yuu yelled, he couldn't believe his squad!"I just, feel betrayed!" Yuu said."Come now Yuu-kun, it was just a friendly wager...I was forced into this! Forgive me Yuu-kun!" Yoichi confessed and hugged Yuu's waist."At least Yoichi didn't bet on us by choice, come on, let's go." Yuu said locking arms with Yoichi and Mika and began to walk away."Where are you going!?" Mitsuba yelled."Away from traitors like you!" Yuu yelled back."But we just started training!" Shinoa yelled."Mika needs food!" Yuu yelled."I already ate so you two can go ahead." Yoichi said gently and smiled at Yuu."Fine, I can always trust you Yoichi." Yuu said patting the brunettes head."Come on babe, time for you to eat." Yuu said dragging Mika along as Yoichi giggled."B-Babe!?" Mika said stuttering and the squad laughed at his blushing face as Yuu pulled him into the building."Ugh, they're gonna even be more lovey dovey now aren't they?" Kimizuki asked raking his fingers through his hair annoyed."Most likely." Mitsuba said shaking her head."I have a solution for that." Shinoa said smirking. "Do explain." Mitsuba said and Shinoa called her squad close and explained her plan. "I wonder what they have to eat!" Yuu said popping into the kitchenette."I wouldn't know." Mika said since he hasn't been in a kitchen in years, well besides from the last few days then yeah, years."Well, with my body. This place will be your second home!" Yuu said smiling as he opened the fridge, Mika chuckled and opened a cabinet. Bread with peanut butter and jelly, this should do."Most of the army already ate so there isn't much..." Yuu stated looking at the partically empty fridge and pulled out a bottle of water for Mika."It's okay, I have stuff to make a sandwich." Mika said spreading jelly onto a piece of bread and Yuu grabbed him a paper plate."Thank you Yuu-chan." Mika said but Yuu remained at his side and looked him up and down."What is it?" Mika asked as he spread peanut butter on another sandwich."I hate how you're taller than me." Yuu said and Mika looked at Yuu, or more of looked up at Yuu. Mikaela was always a few inches taller than Yuu but they switched bodies."I always had a few inches on you." Mika said putting the jelly and peanut butter back."Yeah but I'm the tall one now." Yuu said smirking. "Because you're in my body." Mika said poking Yuu in his chest."So, in the current moment in time, I am taller than you." Yuu said."Technically, even if we did switch bodies, my body is still taller than yours Yuu-chan." Mika said."Shut up." Yuu growled, Mika chuckled and sat at the table."Are you feeling tired?" Yuu asked Mika as he sat across from him."A little, sleeping is nice. I almost forgot what it felt like to sleep." Mika commented and took a bite."You seriously didn't sleep during our four years apart?" Yuu asked."I tried, I wanted to feel like I was still human so I forced my body to sleep. However, when I did manage to sleep, I'd just get awful nightmares so I gave up, I ruled it just wasn't for me." Mika said quietly."I can't sleep either, it's weird." Yuu said, Mika nodded."Ne, Yuu-chan?" Mika asked."Hmm?" Yuu replied twirling a strand of his blonde hair. "Are you hungry?" Mika asked looking into his eyes, Yuu looked away."I mean, my throat kind of like, burns but I'm okay really." Yuu said."Don't pull my trick on myself." Mika said and Yuu looked at him confused."I know the feeling, I know when it gets extremely painful." Mika said."I promise I'm okay, if something happens, I'll let you know." Yuu said smiling."Please do." Mikaela replied and took a bite of his sandwich, eating was still weird."We should probably go back to Guren and explain what we found out." Yuu said."Yeah, most likely." Mika agreed."Finish your sandwich, I'll go talk to him." Yuu said standing."I'm almost done, I can go with you." Mika said."No it's okay, you need to eat." Yuu said, he watched Mika eat the last bite of the sandwich."I've worked along side these vampires so my insight might be useful." Mika explained."Fair enough, come on." Yuu said holding his hand out, Mika blushed and set his hand into Yuu's. "Okay." Mika said with a small smile, Yuu returned it and they walked back to Guren's office.



Chapter End Notes
Already got 1,000 typed for the next chapter ^^


Together
Chapter Notes
Mostly Yuu comforting Mika and a place from the past makes an appearance

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Guren." Yuu called behind the mans door."You again? Come in." Guren said and when Yuu and Mika entered, Shinya was gone."I'm ready to tell you what I know." Yuu explained."Go ahead." Guren said stacking his paperwork."The vampires have a camp ten miles from here." Yuu said."Those two vampires tell you that?" Guren asked."Yeah." Yuu agreed."Do you trust what they told you?" Guren asked."I know them, they wouldn't lie about the location of the camp." Mika said."How many vampires would be there? And with what commander?" Guren asked."Most likely twenty to thirty of the common vampires, one or two nobles and the commander should be a progenitor." Mika explained."Twenty to thirty? Small number." Guren said."Small groups are easier to command." Mika explained."Good tactic, who's in command of the camp? Any suggestions, vampire?" Guren said, Mika clenched his fist."I believe it's Ferid Bathory." Mika said, Guren chuckled. "Of course." He said beneath his breath but Yuu caught the sentence, he raised an eyebrow."What do you suggest we do?" Yuu asked."We can take out the camp, the less vampires, the better." Guren said."When do we leave?" Yuu asked."I need to prepare my men for the journey so a week, be prepared to leave sooner." Guren said."Yes sir." Yuu said, Mika nodded and they left the room."That went easier than last time." Mika said."Yeah, Guren can be an asshole sometimes but he does care and will listen." Yuu explained."I still don't trust him, you shouldn't either Yuu-chan." Mika said."I know you don't and I understand that, I felt the same way at first but you'll learn to tolerate him like I do." Yuu said, Mika sighed."You shouldn't trust any of these humans, they're bad people." Mika said glaring at the men and women he passed in the hallway."Not everyone is bad, some are more than others but you need to see that. We'll go at your pace because I don't want to push you, I trust these people so start by trusting me." Yuu said, Mika stared at his face."You sure did grow up Yuu-chan..." Mika said quietly."Growing up in a world like this, I had no choice." Yuu explained."But I don't regret it, I've fought and struggled and that's what made me stronger. Its made me who I am." Yuu said, Mika clung onto Yuu's every word. When did Yuu become such a strong and amazing person? How much of Yuu's life had Mika missed out on? What caused such an innocent child to grow into a man? Mika envied Yuu for this."You're amazing Yuu-chan." Mika said holding Yuu's hand tighter, Yuu blushed."N-Nah, I'm not usually this talk-a-tive." Yuu said."Your comrades say you usually never shut up." Mika pointed out."Don't listen to those jerks, I'm still pissed they bet on us! They thought I didn't have the guts to confess to you!? Talk about bullshit." Yuu said, Mika chuckled."You're so cute." Mika mused."I'm not cute damn it, if anything, you're the cute one." Yuu said."Me?" Mika asked."Yeah? Have you seen yourself? Just look at me! I'm in your body, you can see how beautiful you are." Yuu said looking into Mika's eyes. Mika looked up at himself, what was so appealing?"I look like an ugly vampire." Mika said honestly, he didn't look himself because he only saw his hideous red eyes and fangs, the reflection staring back at him, it made him sick and Mika had to look away, his reflection was bad enough but seeing it face to face was worse."Hey." Yuu said grabbing Mika's jaw and making him look at him, Mika's emerald eyes met Yuu's red in an intense stare."Don't ever talk down about yourself, you aren't ugly Mika. Who gives two fucks if you're a vampire? I don't and the squad doesn't either. You aren't ugly or anywhere near the word. You are beautiful, inside and out and that's a thing a lot of people don't have. You're amazing so stop hating yourself for something that isn't important." Yuu stated, Mika sucked in a breath of air and stared into his eyes."But-""Ah ah ah, I won't hear it." Yuu said pinching Mika's nose which caused him to say 'ouch'."You better realize how amazing you are." Yuu said pulling Mika by the hand, Mika bit his lip and stared at his shoes. "Ill try..." Mika whispered and Yuu heard him perfectly."Great! Now let's go tell the squad!" Yuu said pulling Mika along.And to Guren's word, troops were gathered and they planned to attack the vampire base from all sides. Squads would attack in sections at proper times until the commander was taken out or all the common vampires were killed, whichever came first. The Shinoa squad and Mikaela were walking through the streets of Shinjuku heading towards the meet up spot instructed by Guren, their plan was to infiltrate the camp as one of the first squads, they may be young but they can fight.They didn't want to be early because it could away their plan so the squad was taking their time walking."How far is this camp?" Kimizuki asked."Its on the outskirts of Shinjuku so like I said earlier, we're probably gonna be early." Shinoa said."Its going to be dark soon, we should probably set camp in one of these buildings." Mitsuba said."Yeah, that's a good idea." Shinoa said nodding.Mika and Yuu were a little behind the squad, this town was causing a lot of uneasiness for the teens. Mika looked at the houses and buildings around them, they all brought back memories. He remembered seeing all these buildings before he was brought to the orphanage, he remembered how scared and nervous he felt. Mika looked over at Yuu and saw his jaw was clenched tightly and he noticed his eyes looking around nervously. Mika looked to his right and gasped in shock, his feet froze to the spot and gaped at the building."Y-Yuu-chan!" Mika said."What is it Mi....ka!" Yuu began but noticed the building Mika was gaping at. It was their orphanage...the building was still standing but it looked rundown and Mika and Yuu were frozen on the spot."So what do you-" Shinoa stopped her sentence when she noticed Mika and Yuu has stopped and were staring at a building in shock, the Shinoa squad paused their walking and watched the two boys. Yuichiro was the first to move, taking small steps towards the building and pushed open the short, iron fence door, the loud creak sounding through the air. The nose seemed to alert Mikaela and he slowly followed Yuu down the pavement side walk and up the stairs and they opened the door. The Shinoa squad looked at each other and shrugged and followed the boys inside."It looks exactly the same." Yuu mumbled entering the lobby of the orphanage. "Y-Yeah." Mika agreed, Yuu walked into the main room and stared at the welcome board."My name...it's still up..." Yuu said gently rubbing his fingers across the dusty letters. His welcome sign from his first day being here and it still remains on the wall. The squad followed the two boys and noticed Yuu's name on the wall, they looked at each other."Yuu-chan!" Mika called and Yuu was quickly at his side. The old photo board was still up and pictures of them and the other children were on the board."Its the other kids." Yuu said pulling a picture off the wall, Mikaela grabbed the photo of all the kids standing together and smiling happily, he bit his lips and his shoulders quivered.These poor kids, they never had a chance, if Mika hadn't led them to their death then they'd still be alive and happy. Mika tried but he couldn't stop the tears that fell down his cheeks, the guilt and sadness crashed onto him like waves as memories of the children flooded his memories. He could almost hear the kids calling his name and could almost see their faces looking up at him in admiration. "Its my fault." Mika said quietly as he held the picture close."No it isn't Mika! You couldn't have possibly known that bastard-!""It is my fault! If I hadn't led the children to their deaths then they'd still be alive today!" Mika yelled. The Shinoa squad gasped in shock and Mika looked away."Take your time, we'll find food." Yoichi said and the squad left the building."Its all my fault." Mika said falling to his bottom and hiding his face."Stop it Mika! It isn't your fault!" Yuu argued but Mika shook his head."No! It is, I suggested we leave that night! I should've known better, I should've known Ferid would try and stop us! I shouldn't have been selfish. If I had waited another night or two then maybe they'd still be alive!" Mika said shaking his head, he hated himself. Baba always said there was no act more wretched than stealing and Mika stole the lives and future of six amazing and innocent kids."Stop it, we all wanted to leave. The kids were ready to go and even though we were all young, we knew the dangers. We knew it wouldn't be a walk in the park. If anything, those kids are free of this awful world." Yuu said."Yuu-chan...""Listen, the kids are safe. They're free and away from this world and they have each other. I'm sure Akane is taking good care of them in the afterlife and they're watching down on us and I can see Ako and Tachi now telling us to stop being sad." Yuu said, Mika lightly chuckled."Y-Yeah but still! The fact that-""Shut up." Yuu said grabbing Mika's hands tightly in his own."Yuu-chan?""Don't Yuu-chan me. I wouldn't want the kids to deal with what I went through. They shouldn't have been brought up in a world of war and chaos when we told them it was welcoming and like a paradise. It would have ruined it for them. I know what happened was unfair and it was heartbreaking but we have to be strong. We have to continue to live and be everything we can be for the sake of our kids. So come on Mika, stand up." Yuu said, Mika gaped at him but smiled, he wiped his tears and stood up with Yuu."Thank you Yuu-chan." Mika said smiling."No problem, we're in this together." Yuu said rubbing Mika's knuckles with his thumbs."Together." Mika repeated with a small blush."Now let's find the squad! We gotta find food!" Yuu said pulling Mika out of the room."Yeah." Mika said smiling.



Chapter End Notes
Baba


Beans galore



"There they are." Kimizuki said as Yuu and Mika entered the room. "Shut up Telephone poll." Yuu said. "While you two were making out we found some food." Shinoa said."WHAT!?""M-Making out!?"The squad laughed at the two's flustered states. "What the fuck Shinoa! I was comforting him!" Yuu yelled. "Whatever you say Yuu-san." Shinoa said smirking, Yuu glared at her. "What did you find?" Yuu asked sitting in the circle the squad formed. "Beans! We also found cans of water." Shinoa said. "Cans of water?" Yuu asked raising an eyebrow. "Yep, a whole box of them." Mitsuba said pointing to the box against the wall."The director had them for when the power went out." Mika said. "Oh yeah, I remember that." Yuu said. "I remember you getting angry because you couldn't open it." Mika said. "It was hard to open! I was fucking eight!" Yuu said and took one of the cans and opened it easily. "Look jerk, I can open them fine now." Yuu said holding the can in front of Mika's face. "It's probably because you have Mika-kuns amazing vampire strength." Yoichi spoke and everyone laughed. "I can open a damn can without super strength! Take the damn thing." Yuu said shoving the warm water can to Mika, the blonde held it in his hands."At least we have beans to eat! So eat up guys." Shinoa said handing everyone a can of beans and a spoon. "Not those again." Yuu said disgusted. "What, you don't like beans idiot Yuu?" Kimizuki asked. "We ate these all the time, you get tired of them quickly, trust me." Yuu said. "The director could only do so much for us, cooking was bad for her back." Mika said. "Still, I'm glad I don't have to eat that." Yuu said, everyone opened their cans and began to eat."Not very tasty." Yoichi said sticking out his tongue. "Gross." Mitsuba said as she brought another spoonful to her mouth. "Fight through it." Shinoa said, Yuu laughed at their disgusted faces.-Everyone managed through their dinners and decided to find places to sleep in the abandoned orphanage, Yuichiro and Mikaela were in their old room. "Still left unmade." Mika said shaking his head at Yuu's messy bed. "Sorry, I didn't care at the time." Yuu said rolling his eyes and sat on the bed, dust puffing out and surrounding them, they coughed. "I know, you'd always yell that at me when I told you to fix it." Mika said sitting on his bed across from Yuu. "Yeah, I always yelled though." Yuu said looking at the ceiling that was slightly caving in. "Mmm, I remember." Mika said as he pulled out the picture of the orphans again, he frowned and bit his lip."Hey, stop that." Yuu said, Mika looked up at him. "Stop what?" Mika asked tucking the photo into his sleeve. "That look on your face, you're blaming yourself again." Yuu said, Mika lowered his head, his eyes stared at the black army boots and dusty floorboards, he heard creaks of the board bending at Yuu's feet, Yuu crouched in front of Mika."Mika." Yuu spoke, Mika shut his eyes and squeezed his hands into fists. "Mika. Look at me." Yuu said again, Mika still wouldn't budge. "Hey." Yuu spoke gently as he raised Mika's chin, Yuu's red eyes met Mika's green."You know it's not your fault right?" Yuu asked taking one of his hands, the other still holding Mika's chin firmly. "But it is Yuu-chan." Mika said, Yuu rested his forehead against Mika's and Mika leaned closer as tears burned in the corner of his eyes. "It isn't. You didn't know that Ferid would be there did you?" Yuu asked. "Not fully..." Mika spoke. "You couldn't have known if you did take that map that Ferid would know." Yuu said. "But-""You couldn't have known if anybody would be blocking us did you?" Yuu asked. "N-No." Mika spoke."Exactly, you couldn't have known so how could it be your fault if you didn't? Everyone makes mistakes Mika." Yuu said. "But my mistake killed six children." Mika said. "I know but what I'm trying to say is that it's not your fault because you didn't know. We were kids, we didn't know what was out there but we were ready for it. All the kids knew that there was a fifty-fifty chance we wouldn't be successful." Yuu said, Mika opened his eyes and looked into Yuu's eyes."I never stopped thinking about them." Mika said pulling out the picture again, the weathered photo of everyone smiling together. "I didn't either." Yuu said looking at the photo as well. "I fought for four years, lived with those monster and worked along side them for so long. I did it for the kids, I did it for you Yuu-chan." Mika said looking into his eyes. "Me too, I wanted revenge so I joined the army so I can avenge you and the kids." Yuu said. "And look at us now." Mika said chuckling and looked at the photo."We're together." Yuu said tightening his grip on Mika's hand. "Together." Mika said smiling, Yuu smiled back and kissed his nose."Get some rest Mika, I'll keep watch over everyone." Yuu said. "Don't leave me." Mika said clinging to Yuu's hand, Yuu sighed but smiled again. "Alright, I won't. Never again." Yuu said, Mika relaxed and laid in the bed where Yuu sat on the edge. "Sleep Mika, you need it." Yuu encouraged as he stroked Mika's hair, or his own hair? This body switch thing is still weird. "Alright. Good night Yuu-chan." Mika said relaxing and was coaxed to sleep from Yuu's caresses.Yuu smiled down at Mika and stood and walked to the window, the moon was high in the sky, crescent tonight."Gah." Yuu growled holding his neck in pain, holy shit this thirst is intense! How could Mika survive four years like this? Yuu clutched his throat and took deep breaths, breathe idiot Yuu breathe! Yuu tried to ignore his pain but it was difficult, he tried to think of anything to distract him and remembered the plan for tomorrow and concentrated on that, and finally the pain started to subside and he could tolerate it, he sighed in relief."I never knew you were in so much pain Mika." Yuu spoke. "You're incredible."-"Alright everyone! Let's go!" Shinoa said clapping her hands loudly and everyone sighed and got ready. "Are you okay Yuu-kun?" Yoichi asked when Yuu entered, his pale vampire skin looked even paler than normal. "I'm fine Yoichi, just ready to kick some vampire ass!" Yuu said smiling, the squad eyed him. "Are you sure Yuu-san?" Shinoa asked, Yuu nodded with a smile, she eyed him doubtfully but sighed none the less and led her squad to the meet up point.Mikaela stared at the orphanage a second longer and tucked the picture higher up his sleeve and looked at Yuu at his side."Are you sure you're alright? You really don't look well." Mika asked. "I'm fine Mika, really. Would I ever lie to you?" Yuu asked, Mika raised an eyebrow."Come on let's go!" Yuu said turning away but Mika caught his elbow. "Yuu-chan." Mika said."Can't let the squad get too far away!" Yuu said trying to advance but Mika held him still. "Yuu." Mika spoke."We really-""Yuichiro."Yuu turned to face Mikaela, the boy looked stern but with his arms crossed and favoring his right leg, like Yuu usually does, he looked sassy but... That's what I look like when I'm angry, no wonder everyone makes jokes, I look silly. "I know you're lying." Mika said looking Yuu in the eyes. "Look, this switch up is still weird for me. Plus all the memories from being here has affected me too. I'm fine Mika, I really am." Yuu said. "Just tell me when you're ready to talk." Mika said walking past Yuu and the squad who had stopped at ear's distance away so they weren't snooping. Yuu sighed and took a deep breath and tried to ignore the pain in his throat again and followed Mika, the squad slowly behind them.



Attack
Chapter Notes
I got a game plan for this story now so yay! Hopefully the next update won't be so long, enjoy!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Alright everyone, I'll go through this one more time for any of those who weren't listening." Guren said looking in Yuu's direction."We've been separated into groups, and the groups will attack at their assigned times. Our main goal is to kill the Commander and/or all the common vampires. Don't do anything rash that'll get you captured or killed. This army is a family, know that you are not alone out there! Are we ready!?""YES SIR!""Let's kick some ass wooh!" Yuu said happily and he unsheathed his sword. "Watch where you're swinging that thing!" Kimiziki said taking a step away. "Yuu-chan, please be careful." Mika said wearily, his sword was powerful on it's own so one wrong swipe could release an energy beam. "I got this guys, I've been a vampire for a monthish now. I think I can handle this." Yuu said smirking. "May whatever God out there be with us." Kimizuki said."Remember to take a pill when you need it! Take ONE pill, I repeat!" Guren said. "Yes sir!""First squads, we're going in! Let's go! Remember the plan and don't die!" Guren said and the plan commenced.-"It's really dull today." Lacus whined, René stoically nodded his head and Lacus kicked a rock and a loud boom sounded, everyone looked at him."Wasn't me." Lacks said raising his hands in defense."No, it's the little human army." Ferid mused with a smile.-"Hah!" Yuu screamed stabbing another vampire in the chest, his red eyes wide and his strikes strong as he and his squad plowed through the common vampires with ease. Guren and his group were up ahead and leading to the main room where the commander and other possible higher skilled vampires wait."Keep moving!" Guren yelled cutting another vampire into ashes. "It's the room ahead!" "Everyone be ready!"-"Hah!" Guren grunted as he kicked the door open."Ah, how nice of you to stop by!" Ferid sang, the other vampires blood red eyes stared at the humans, they smirked and some snickered. "We were waiting for you!" Lacus said. "We thought you'd never show up!" Ferid said smiling.Guren glared at the monster, shit, they knew."Ah, isn't it my darling Mika!" Ferid said smiling when Yuu and his squad entered. "Yo Mika, we thought you were never gonna come back." Lacus said. "Like I'd come back to monsters like you!" Yuu yelled. "Feisty as ever." Ferid said."Stay together!" Guren yelled holding his sword up, everyone moved to their groups and had their weapons ready."Aren't you all precious, thinking you have a chance against us." A vampire mused, some snickered. "You'll be dying today." Another spoke, the vampires raised their weapons."Attack!""Kill them all!""Hah!" Yuu yelled running to Ferid and swiped his sword at the man, Ferid easily avoided the attack. "Why Mika, have you lost your touch? This isn't how I trained you to fight." Ferid said with a pout, Yuu growled. "Fuck off!" Yuu yelled slashing the sword with all his might but Ferid simply dodged him, a small smirk on his lips and he gracefully moved. "I'll kill you!" Yuu said.-"What is that idiot doing!?" Guren yelled as he shoved a vampire back and stabbed it in the heart, ashes flew. "Being a dumbass! What else?!" Kimizuki yelled as he cut the vampire before him into pieces.Mika ignored their bickering and was trying to make it to Yuu to help him but Lacus and René were blocking his path. "Sorry princess, there's no getting past us." Lacus said as he held his scythe up. "You'll stay where you stand." René said, sword pointed forward, ready to strike if Mika made one quick move. "Get out of my way Lacus and René." Mika growled, switching his gaze between them and Yuu. "No can do! Don't make us kill you, Mika would be so upset with us." Lacus said as he held the scythe on his shoulder, a bored look crossing his handsome features, Mika glared.Mikaela would have attacked already but Yuu's sword was difficult to use without the curse, he'd have to connect with Asuramaru and frankly, Mika wanted nothing to do with the demon but if push came to shove and he had to, Mika would do anything to save Yuu. He tightened his grip on the handle, he could hear Asura whispering in the back of his mind but he tuned the demon out, he could kill them without some damn curse, fuck that demon.-Yuichiro was holding his own well against Ferid, course he hadn't got a single hit on the bastard yet but he was trying. "I'm growing tired of playing Mika." Ferid spoke, though he was smiling, a chilling darkness clouded his eyes. "Then let me fucking kill you already!" Yuu yelled and slashed his sword to Ferids right but he blocked him, Ferid sighed. "Come on Mika, we both know you can't kill me." Ferid said, Yuu mentally said fuck it and swooped down and successfully knocked Ferid from his feet, his eyes widened as he hit the floor and Yuu was quick to attack but Ferid was a beat faster and swiftly kicked Yuu back, his feet slamming into Yuu's chest as he hit the cement wall and crashed through that and into the next room, the air was ripped from his lungs and he heard Mika shout his name but he shut his eyes in pain because fuck that hurt."Don't tell me that stopped you Mika-chan!" Ferid sang as he swooped in, a sickening smirk playing on his lips, Yuu reached for his sword that was just out of his reach and struggled to collect his breath, his fingers grazed the handle when Ferid's boot caught his wrist, the sole pressing the bone until it crunched. "Gah!" Yuu yelled in pain, he grit his teeth and his fang pricked his bottom lip and a drop rolled down his chin, thank goodness for Mika's vampire healing which was quicking resetting the bones but Ferid pushed his boot down harder. "I hate to see you in pain my dear but you left me no choice." Ferid said, Yuu growled and grabbed his sword and swiped at Ferid's legs and he jumped back."Yuu-san!" Shinoa yelled using her scythe to push Ferid away, Yuu dropped his weapon and clutched his wrist, he heard the cracks and sizzling of his body repairing the damages, he caught his breath when the final bone was in his proper place and he grabbed the sword again and entered the main battle room.Ferid had easily won against Shinoa as said girl was in his grip, his usual smirk on his face as he squeezed at her delicate neck, she gasped."Stop!" Yuu yelled running to attack, Ferid dropped Shinoa as he grabbed Yuu's wrist and twisted it behind his back and grabbed his sabre and brought it to Yuu's neck."Stop your attack or I'll kill him." Ferid sang as he pressed the blade closer, Yuu went rigid in his grip, he held his breath at the cool touch of metal kissed his skin.Everyone held their attacks at the announcement. Guren swore when Ferid had Yuu trapped."Release him now Ferid!" Mikaela yelled, his emerald eyes glaring daggers into Ferids red, if only the daggers could harm the asshole holding his love hostage."Hmm, no can do Yuu-chan." Ferid spoke, Yuu looked into Mika's eyes across the room, his eyes pleading him to not do anything rash to get them both killed. "It's been so long since I've had my darling Mika in my arms." Ferid said smiling at him and sniffed his neck, the spot just below his ear, Yuu shuddered. "LET HIM GO!" Mika yelled about to attack him but Lacus and René easily grabbed him and held him firm, Ferid smirked into Yuu's blonde curls."Stay still princess." Lacus whispered and Mika struggled to free himself. "Let me go!" Mika yelled but the vampires held firm, Ferid watched him struggle against them and smirked and whispered into Yuu's ear."Look at your little princess Mika-chan, he's trying so hard to come rescue you. It's quite the sight isn't it?" Ferid spoke, Yuu was watching too, watching Mika struggle to get away. Yuu's human body not doing much against the vampires and he gasped when Ferid was at his neck."Let's give him some motivation hmm?" Ferid as his tongue swiped at the skin of his neck, his eyes widened in fear.
"No."




Chapter End Notes
I wonder what Mika's blood taste like >->


Don't resist
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"Ferid you let him go right now!" Mika yelled fighting off Lacus and René as best he could but they weren't letting up."Sorry Princess, no can do! It's been sooo long since I've held my Mika-chan's body so close." Ferid whispered into Yuu's neck. "You perverted asshole." Yuu growled through gritted teeth."I already knew you vampires were low and disgusting creatures but to use a tactic like holding a hostage?" Guren said, Ferid smirked at him. "Ah yes but it's an effective tactic, is it not?" Ferid asked. "Let the boy go." Guren said. "I'm afraid I can't do that." Ferid said."I'll kill you." Mika said angrily. "You're just tiring yourself out human." Lacus said. "Shut up." Mika glared at him."I'm not gonna ask you again, let him go now." Guren said. "Or what?" Ferid mused. "We'll attack and kill every single one of you." Guren said, a few of the vampires chuckled. "Aren't they funny." A vampire mused."Just what would you want with Mika? He's a vampire just like the rest of us." Lacus said. "I am nothing like you disgusting monsters!" Mika yelled.
'I can help you save him Mikaela'
"Shut up you cursed demon." Mika said to Asuramaru.
'Just give me control, I can kill that vampire and save Yuu before anyone could even blink an eye.'
"I said shut up! I don't need help from you!" Mika was growing more angered.
'Come on Mikaela, save him before that vampire does something rash.'
"No!"
'What if he killed him too?'
"I'd never let him-!"'Like the other Hyakuya children?'"No one will share their fate-!"'It would be drastic if-'"Shut up!"
'What if you can't save him in time?'
"I can!"
'He might die.'
"I won't let him!"'Let me help Mikaela.'"Shut up damn it!"'If you don't let me-'"Shut up!"'Yuu might die.'"He won't!"'And it'd be all your fault.'"No!"
'Just like the other children...'
"STOP!"'Just let go...we can save him...'Mika shivered, he was so angry and Asuramaru's offer was really starting to sound tempting but he'd never take help from a demon, he'd never--"Yuu-chan seems a little conflicted over there hmm?" Ferid mused to Yuu, he was watching the entire time, he could hear Mika hissing to Asuramaru. 'Don't fall for his tricks Mika! Asuramaru is cunning but you can shut him out!'"His focus isn't on us anymore, kinda convenient, don't you think?" Ferid asked. "What the fuck do you want from me?" Yuu spoke angrily, Ferid smiled and nuzzled his jaw with the tip of his nose, smelling the sweet scent."Krul is missing her pet Mika darling, can't let her Highness down so we need you." Ferid said. "I'm no ones pet." Yuu said. "Yes you are, like a little lap dog." Ferid said. "I am not." Yuu said back, his irrigation showing. "We'll be bringing you back, one way or another, she wants you back alive but..." Ferid spoke then leaned to Yuu's ear. "She didn't say anything about you being in any good condition." His voice ghosted Yuu's ear, an eerie and disgusted shiver rolled it's way down Yuu's back. "I'll never leave with you." Yuu said angrily. "We'll see about that won't we?" Ferid asked.-"Colonel Lieutenant, what do we do?" A soldier asked, Guren bit his lip. "We need to get Yuu and Mika out of the vampires hands and attack but that's not gonna be easy since ones in a nobles hands where the other is being held stern, plus there's a lot of common vampires around, we need a distraction." Guren whispered. "I can make an illusion but it'll take some time to prepare to be able to fool a noble like him." Goshi said. "Do it, we need to get Yuu away from that monster before he does something dangerous. Or before Mika pounces on him." Guren said."On it." Goshi spoke as he quickly worked up an illusion.-"You're little human is wearing himself thin." Ferid said, Yuu watched Mika thrash and try to fight out of Lacus and René's grip. "He'll be strong! He'll escape and kill you." Yuu said. "Hah, I highly doubt that but it's convenient." Ferid spoke. "Huh?" Yuu asked."Krul wants little Yuichiro as well so him tiring himself out will just make it easier for us." Ferid said. "What do you want with him?" Yuu asked, he recalled Lacus saying they were looking for someone named Yuichiro but why? "You already know Mikaela, the same reason Krul kept you alive all these years. To use you for the 'Seraph of the End' gene." Ferid said, Yuu gasped."On a lighter note~!" Ferid began."It really has been a long time since I've had you this close Mika." Ferid said holding his body a little closer."Remember when you were younger my boy? You came to me and let me drink your delicious blood just so you can feed Yuu-chan and your family. You were so young and naive." Ferid said smiling."Let me go." Yuu growled, his chin raising higher when Ferid pressed his sword a little too hard, he cursed when the blade nicked his neck. "Nope~! Actually, your blood smells just as sweet as it did all those years ago." Ferid said sniffing the blood that trickled down Yuu's neck."Mmm, I wonder if you taste the same." Ferid wondered, his red eyes staring at the plush on his neck, he licked his lips."You wouldn't mind if I had one taste?" Ferid asked licking the skin, Yuu's eyes flew open in shock and he shoved and fought against him."Let me go! Don't you fucking dare! No! No!" Yuu yelled thrashing as much as he could but Ferid's iron grip held him steady and the blade was pressed harder on his neck, he was forced back against Ferid's cold body."Easy Mika, you nearly severed your own head!" Ferid said, Yuu still struggled.-"LET HIM GO FERID!" Mika yelled, if Ferid even licked a drop of blood from his body, Mika wasn't sure he'd be able to resist killing Ferid right then and there. "Stop thrashing." René's deep monotone voice spoke, his red eyes dull as he watched the scene. "Yeah human, you're only tiring yourself out. Don't cause more work for both of us." Lacus said.-"Don't you dare!" Yuu yelled as Ferid licked his pulse."I can't resist." Ferid whispered before he sank his fangs deep into his skin, the sound of pierced flesh echoed through the air. Yuu's eyes flew open, a deep gasp left his body."No!" Yuu yelled as Ferid pressed his fangs in even deeper.-"YUU-CHAN!" Mika yelled and before he knew it, everything had gone black.



Chapter End Notes
Bloop


That's it!
Chapter Notes
Hey guys ^^

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"STOP!" Mika yelled as he trashed, he growled in anger.
'Yes! Embrace your anger Mikaela! Destroy that vampire!'
"Shut up you damn demon! Hah!" Mika yelled and finally shoved off Lacus and René, he grabbed his sword and rushed to Ferid and Yuu."Release him!" Mika yelled and grabbed Yuu while pulling Ferid off of him carefully yet quickly, he put Yuu down and tackled Ferid to the ground."Mika!" Yuu yelled holding his neck and reaching for his weapon."Calm down Yuu-chan, I just wanted a taste!" Ferid said smiling at the growling teenager above him, his arms up as if in surrender. "I'll kill you!" Mika yelled and ripped his sword through Ferid's arm, the man growled and shoved Mika off him but Yuu was quick to slice at him again but missed, Ferid jumped back from them holding his shoulder."You actually managed to harm me! You've improved so much little princess." Ferid said with a smile, Mikaela plunged his sword into Ferid's severed arm, Ferid twitched but his smirk did not waver. "Why not activate that little curse of yours hmm? Don't you little humans have demons holding your souls in those weapons? And you can us monsters." Ferid spoke, Mika stabbed at the arm again, he couldn't activate the damn curse!"We are nothing like you." Guren stated. "Oh contraire, you are the greatest evil." Ferid said with a smirk, Guren narrowed his eyes in anger."You act noble but none of your soldiers know of your true evil, do they?" Ferid asked."Shut up!" Yuu yelled for Guren and ran to attack him, he ran past Mika and swung his sword, Ferid easily dodged but he lost his stronger, more dominant arm but he wouldn't go down without a fight but he was quickly noticing that he was greatly outnumbered and without his dominant arm, he wouldn't stand a chance."Attack and kill all the vampires! None escape!" Guren yelled. "Yes sir!" Everyone yelled.-Kimizuki and Mitsuba took out the main big vampire squadrons where Shinoa was helping Guren to stop vampires from assisting Ferid, Yoichi and Shinya were on a higher level and sniping at vamps from the air."Aim for the commander but don't hit Mika or Yuu." Shinya commanded, Yoichi nodded as he drew an arrow and aimed, one eye closed as he focused in on Ferid and making sure that Yuu and Mika weren't in the line of fire, he released."I don't think so!" Lacus appeared as he blocked the arrow with his scythe, it bounced off the blade and hit the roof, Yoichi gasped when his olive eyes met Lacus' red, a smirk playing on Lacus' lips. Yoichi's breath was stolen from him, he couldn't believe it. It was his sisters murderer, the vampire that took his sister away, the monster that ruined his life...was directly in front of him."It's you..." Yoichi whispered."It's me?" Lacus repeated, his scythe handle resting on his shoulders, his arms over it and he looked at Yoichi with a confused yet bored expression, Yoichi's body quaked, his vision shifted and shook and his eyes locked with Lacus' again, Yoichi's face turned grim and he raised his bow."I'll destroy you." Yoichi spoke above a whisper and drew an arrow, Lacus raised an eyebrow but readied his weapon, if only he knew of the horrors young Yoichi was about to bestow upon him.-"No! Yuu-chan!" Mika yelled when Ferid sliced his arm, Yuu hissed in pain and held his arm. "Gah, fuck!" Yuu cursed as he fell to one knee and held his arm to his chest. "An eye for an eye my friend." Ferid spoke with a smile."Grr, you asshole." Yuu said angrily, Mika grabbed the severed part of his arm and pressed it back to the original, Yuu hissed as his vampire healing kicked in and bone and flesh reconnected and his arm was back to normal. "Well that was terrifying." Yuu said to Mika, the blonde looked even more terrified. "Hey I'm okay, calm down okay?" Yuu asked looking at Mika with a smile, his cold hand resting on his face."I'll kill him." Mika growled as he raised to his feet, Ferid raised an eyebrow as he pointed his sabre in his direction."What's this? An act of love before you're killed together? How touching! I knew you two would end up together." Ferid mused, Mikaela slashed his kitana. "You two would've been so cute! All lovey-dovey together at last after all those years of pain and sorrow, or at least on our dear Mikaela's side right?" Ferid asked blocking Mika's assault. "You shut your mouth!" Yuu yelled."Yuichiro here, chose a new family over his prior one. Decided to be happy and live his life! Whereas his prince was suffering alone! What a sad tale indeed." Ferid spoke with a shake of his head. "Shut up damn it!" Mika yelled."You can alter this story however you like but in the end, Yuichiro chose his new family over his old. Doesn't it upset you my dear Mika? How Yuichiro resented you and the little orphans but accepted this new family?" Ferid asked. "Shut up! I don't care about Yuu-chans new family! Long as I have him, I'm happy! Nothing you say could ever change how I feel for him!" Mika yelled. "They say love is blind but I just thought it was an expression, looks like I was wrong." Ferid said."You were wrong about a lot of things." Yuu yelled."You think you've got us all figured out, but you're wrong." Yuu said again, he rushed to attack. Ferid blocked Yuu's strike but he couldn't stop Mika from cutting his back, strands of silver hair and droplets of blood scattered the floor.Ferid gasped in pain as Yuichiros sword stabbed through his stomach, blood fell from his lips and to the floor.He couldn't last much longer like this.-"Kimizuki, there's too many!" Mitsuba yelled to the pinkette as she pushed a vampire back. "I know! They just keep coming!" Kimizuki said as he cut through another vampire."Keep fighting, there shouldn't be many more left at this base." Goshi spoke. "I doubt they called for reinforcements yet so we just have to kill what few remain." Narumi agreed when he sliced a vampire to dust.The men and women fought till their bodies ached and they continued to push even further. The vampires numbers continued to dwindled lower and lower until only one remained standing.-"Hah!" Yuu yelled as he cut the front of Ferid's uniform, blood rushed from his chest and down his body, Ferid cursed as he tried to fight back, he was an arm less and losing blood quicker than his old body could reproduce, he was losing strength quickly and the young vampire and not so human being before him weren't going easy on him."Gah!" Ferid groaned when he was shoved back, his body cracking the cement and he was panting deeply as he stared at the angered teenagers before him."Give up Ferid! It's over!" Yuu yelled, he held his sword handle tightly, he was panting deeply and Mika was at his side in the same condition but they stood strong, this monster was about to die."It's done, give up now or suffer the fate of your fellow vampires." Guren said, Ferid look around him, vampire ashes and pieces of clothing littered the floor, the group of surrounded with with an intense hatred in his eyes.Ferid sighed and smiled as he looked up at the humans."You've got me."



Chapter End Notes
Or do they...???


Fight or die
Chapter Notes
Sorry this took so long, I've recently finished Yuri on Ice and omg, plus I just went to a con. Anyone went to Holiday Matsuri? Enjoy the chapter

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"You've got me." Ferid repeated as his hand raised in surrender with a smile."However, you might not want to kill me." Ferid said. "And why would we do that?" Guren asked, his sword resting at Ferid's neck, his purple eyes glared at the vampire that was smirking at him."Why! I have a whole vampire army of my own! I have the highest ranked vampire progenitors and only the finest and strongest nobles not even a couple miles from your very base! Release me now and I'll let them kill you quickly." Ferid said, the humans remained unfazed by the vampires threat. Ferid felt a little nervous under his collar."Shut up, you'll be dying today." Guren said as his blade pressed harder on Ferid's neck, the blade nicked Ferid's skin and the curse stung and burned but Ferid held his ground."I don't think so." Ferid said simply through clenched teeth."You've lost Ferid! Give it up!" Yuu yelled at him."You're cheap threats mean nothing." Mikaela said, Ferid smiled."You're out numbered!" Yuu yelled."Ah, I may be outnumbered but you are clearly out matched." Ferid said as he raised his foot and kicked Guren dead in the nuts, Guren cursed as he fell to his knees and Ferid slipped past him."Stop right there!" Yuu yelled running after him, Mika right behind him as they followed the vampire into another room."Stop running you coward! It's over!" Yuu yelled, his sword pointing to Ferid as he back pressed to the wall, he was panting as his hand held his neck, the wound hissing as it healed."Come now Mika-chan! Is this anyway to treat your mentor?" Ferid asked."You are no mentor to me!" Mika yelled, Ferid raised an eyebrow when Yuu's body answered for Mika.It clicked to Ferid that Mikaela was acting weird and they were answering for each other...the vampire stared at the two in obvious confusion."What are you staring at!?" Yuu yelled in anger, Ferid blinked once, twice."You both are actually very weirdly, it's almost as if you switched personalities." Ferid said, Mika and Yuu looked at each other."Because I know my Mikaela-chan well and I know for a fact that he's never bold like this! Almost like his precious Yuu-chan, who's like a yappy pup. Thinks they're big but are really simply, a weak nuisance." Ferid said."Shut up!" Yuu yelled."Yuu-chan is nothing like that! He's strong and smart and he will end you." Mika said."It really does seem that you two have switched personalities, almost like you switched brains, how interesting." Ferid said smiling."Was the destruction of the world not enough? Humans sure do get bored in their short, meaningless lives." Ferid said with a shrug."Shut up! Just shut up!" Yuu yelled, Ferid smirked at him."Ah my dear Yuu-chan! It's been too long hasn't it?" Ferid asked."Not long enough." Yuu growled, his smirk widened."If you're in our dear Mikaela's body, please tell us, how's that thirst doing for you?" Ferid asked, Yuu clicked his tongue as he remembered the burning of his dry throat, the pain was unbearable and he felt as though he couldn't breathe. He swallowed."Not well? I'm not surprised, you're refusing like Mika always did. It's not good for you my boy." Ferid said."I don't have to listen to you! I'm perfectly fine!" Yuu yelled."Not drinking human blood could lead to your vampire body becoming a demon and I'm sure you and our dear Mike here, wouldn't like that." Ferid said, the teen glared at him."I will not become a demon! I'm not a demon!" Yuu yelled, he glared with hatred."And yet, you are contracted to one, are you not? The more you work with said demon, the more it will lead to you to become one as well." Ferid said."Shut up damnit!" Yuu yelled."Or perhaps, you've simply been a demon all along." Ferid said smirking."SHUT UP! IM NOT A DEMON! HAH!" Yuu yelled running at Ferid and sliced the sword with all his vampire strength. Though Ferid was an armless and had no weapon, he easily avoided Yuu's attacks, he maneuvered around him left and right with a smile.Mika appeared behind Yuu when he failed an attack and Ferid gasped when Mika cut his stomach, blood gushed from his body and Ferid crumbled to the floor.Yuu stabbed his sword into Ferid's leg and the man cursed as he moved from Mikaela's attack, he kicked at Yuu's shin and the bone snapped."Fuck!" Yuu yelled as he fell to his butt, Ferid ripped the sword from his thigh and shoved himself away from the teens, he used the sword as a cane as he leaned against the wall and waited for his body to heal, the hissing louder than his panting."Damn it!" Yuu growled as he held the limb, his powers easily healing him. "Are you alright Yuu-chan?" Mika asked as his side. "Yes, I'm fine. We have to kill the bastard." Yuu yelled and sighed lightly when his leg healed, the bone fixed back in its place and he got to his feet and Ferid has also healed and he had his weapon."I'm afraid I won't be dying today! You two however, that would do just fine." Ferid sang."We're certain we won't be dying today, we're stronger than you Ferid and there's a big difference between us." Yuu said, Ferid hummed."And please do tell me, what would that be?" He asked amused."We aren't afraid." Yuu said simply, he stood proud and Mika at his side made them look powerful.Ferid bit his lip, he wasn't afraid per say but he was getting more and more nervous, he needed to get an edge up on them if he wanted to win. Ferid did have only one arm but even if he had a weapon, he lost his dominant fighting arm so he didn't think he could last long but it was fight or die and he'd be damned if he gave up, he'd fight to his last, dying breath."We'll see about that." Ferid spoke and attacked but Mika used his kitana to wedge Ferids sword from his hand and Yuu used his leg to sweep Ferid off his own feet, Mika pointed the katana to Ferid's neck and held a cold stare."You're finished." Mika began, he lifted his sword and was ready to decapitate Ferid when-"Wait!"



Chapter End Notes
Who yelled wait right when Mika was gonna kill the fucker?


Drink my blood
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"Wait!"Mikaela and Yuichiro stared at the open doorway to see Guren and Shinya standing there."Why the fuck are we waiting!?" Yuu yelled."He's coming with us." Guren said walking to the boys and locking Ferids arm and legs with special chains and locks that he couldn't break. Ferid struggled against his restraints and glared up at Guren and Shinya."You'll regret capturing me." Ferid said firmly, Guren chuckled. "Yeah, I'm sure I will." Guren said taking Ferid and leaving."Come on you two, we need to get you checked up." Shinya said, Mika and Yuu looked at each other before standing and following Shinya to the infirmary.-"You got quite of damage Mikaela, be more careful." The nurse said firmly, Mika nodded."Alright." Mika replied, she nodded then turned to, Yuu."Your vampire healing helped your wounds so of course, you'll be fine." The nurse said."Thank you." Yuu said, the nurse smiled and walked away."You feel okay?" Yuu asked Mika, the blonde was laying on a hospital bed in the infirmary. "Yes, I'm fine Yuu-chan." Mika said smiling at him, Yuu moved his bangs from his eyes. "You look tired." Yuu said. "I'm still not use to human strength, I've been a vampire for years so suddenly going from super strength to that of a normal human, it's weird." Mika explained."I know, I need to be careful with this strength." Yuu said, Mika looked up at him and cupped Yuu's cheek, Yuu placed a hand on top of his."Are you thirsty Yuu-chan?" Mika asked. "No." Yuu said. "Yuu-chan." "I mean it!""No you don't.""I'm fine Mika." Yuu said. "Yuu-chan, I know you're lying. You're in my body and you aren't used to ignoring the thirst, I know you're thirsty." Mika said, Yuu stared into his eyes. "I-I'm fine." Yuu said looking downwards.Mika sighed and leaned back against the pillows, he looked up at the ceiling and jumped when Yuu crawled into the bed next to him."Y-Yuu-chan?" Mika asked blushing, Yuu curled into his side and his head was resting on his shoulder. "We're both tired and we always slept better next to each other right?" Yuu asked as he fiddled with the end of Mika's shirt, he could hear his heart beat against his ear and Yuu loved the calming action."We did..." Mika said softly. "So go to sleep." Yuu said rubbing Mika's side with his thumb, Mika laid there a few extra seconds before he smiled and pulled Yuu closer, he was hot in the room and Yuu's cold body felt nice against his own, his eyes felt heavy as he finally relaxed against Yuu's body."Thank you, Yuu-chan..." Mika mumbled before sleep consumed him, Yuu smiled as he too closed his eyes and listened to the thump-thump of his heartbeat.-"I needed that nap, I feel refreshed." Mika said smiling, him and Yuu were walking around the area, they weren't too far from the base, maybe a mile at the least. "You slept like a baby so I guess you do." Yuu said with a smile.Mika hummed as he sat on a boulder and Yuu sat next to him, he pushed the toe of his boot into the rubble and Yuu was staring at him, at his neck even more. Yuu could almost hear the blood rushing through Mika's veins, he could hear Mika's gently heart beat and the sounds made him squirm, he watched Mika's Adam apple bounce and Yuu licked his lips, oh how he wanted to taste-"Yuu-chan, are you listening?" "Huh?""Gosh, Yuu-chan." Mika said shaking his head. "I'm sorry, I just got distracted is all." Yuu said. "Distracted?" Mika asked. "Y-Yeah." Yuu said unsurely.Mika stared at Yuu however, the raven looked away, he couldn't look at Mika because if he did-"Yuu-chan." Mika said. "Hmm...?" Yuu hummed, he stared at a boulder not that far from them. 'I like that boulder, that's a nice boulder.'"Look at me." Mika spoke lightly, taking a hold of Yuu's chin. "O-Okay." Yuu said and looked in Mika's direction, his green eyes bearing deeply into his red and Yuu was caught. Mikas hand moved from his chin to his cheek, the blonde massaged the bone before he looked into his eyes again."Yuu..." Mika whispered, Yuu was leaning closer before he even noticed."Mika..." He whispered back, he rested his head on Mika's shoulder and stared at the vein pumping blood just under his skin, he couldn't help but lick his lips."Are you thirsty?" Mika asked running his fingers through Yuu's hair, he gripped the locks and he felt the slightest nod come from Yuu."Yes." Yuu answered."Then drink." Mika said softly."But Mika-""Yuu-chan, it's okay...what do you always tell me?" Mika asked, Yui scoffed out a laugh."You're so stubborn." Yuu whispered, he watched Mika's neck muscles as the boy laughed."Not what I was going for but that too, we're both stubborn." Mika said smiling."Exactly." Yuu whispered."Yuu-chan, it's okay. I trust you with my entire being." Mika said, Yuu whimpered before leaning closer to kiss the vein just under the skin, he could feel it pumping against his lips, he took a deep breath.'Blood.'"I trust you..." Mika said, Yuu kissed and licked at the skin. Yuu hummed in delight, he could almost taste it, he was so close."Just do it." Mika said gripping the Yuu's hair tighter, Yuu stood to his feet and stood in front of Mika as he opened his mouth wide before he finally, he sank his fangs deep in Mikaela's neck."Fuck." Mika cursed, he shut his eyes tightly in pain and his grip tightened even more, he sucked in a deep breath of air when Yuu pressed harder which caused more blood to flow."Yuu-chan...wha-? Ahh!" Mika moaned when Yuu gripped his hair and yanked his head back, his green eyes staring at the sky and Yuu sucked his blood in deep gulps."Gah-ah. Fuck Mika." Yuu said pulling away only to catch a breath before he sank his fangs in again, Mika cried out and held Yuu closer.The pain was starting to fade, the venom was finally kicking in and the wonderful feeling of absolute pleasure hit them at the same time, Yuu growled deeply in his throat which caused Mika to whimper."Yuu-chan, Yuu-chan!" Mika gasped his name, what was this intense feeling? Why was his body reacting like this to a feeding? Does Yuu always feel like this? He felt in heaven, Yuu sucked more of his blood and tightened his grip on his waist and in his hair, Mika stared at the blackened sky, he saw white dots growing and fading and he felt so light...
So..

Very...

Light... 




Chapter End Notes
TOO MUCH YUU-CHAN, STOP BEFORE YOU-......


I didn't mean to
Chapter Notes
Oh Mika...

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"W-Wait-Yuu-chan...""Yuu-chan-sto-please...I can't-Yuu-c..."Mika's couldn't finish his plea as he faded into darkness and with one final breath, his eyes had closed and his body went completely limp in Yuichiro's arms.Yuichiro, however, did not notice Mika's lack of response but he slowly pulled away a second later, his deep pants fanning over his bite wounds, he licked his lips as he smiled bashfully."T-Thank you Mika..." Yuu whispered but when the blonde didn't respond, he pulled away fully and looked at the limp body in his arms."M-Mika?"No response."Mika!"No response."Mika!! Wake up, please Mika! No! I didn't realize what I- Mika..no...you can't be...I didnt-"Yuu crumbled as he cried, his fat tears rolled down his cheeks in rivers as he held Mika's limp body close, he was so cold which made Yuu cry harder."No, Mika I'm sorry!" Yuu said, still no response."I-I'll help you! I'll find help! H-Hang in there!" Yuichiro yelled as he picked Mika up into his arms and ran as fast as his vampire speed would let him back to the base where hopefully someone could help Mika.-Yuichiro ran all the way to the base and burst through the doors and found his squad quickly."Guys! Guys, help it's Mika!" Yuu yelled stopping in front of them, they gasped at his unconscious form. "Yuu-kun what happened!?" Yoichi asked resting a hand on Mikaela's cold cheek, Yuu's shoulders quaked as he cried. "We have to help him!" Yuu said, Shinoa quickly led them to the nurse and Yuu laid Mika on the medical bed and grabbed his hand."Please Mika, wake up! I didn't know! I'm sorry!" Yuu begged, Mika didn't respond, he simply laid silently and Yuu clutched his limp hand harder."What's going on in here?" The doctor asked."Please! Help Mika!" Yuu said, the nurse gasped at Mika's form and rushed to his side, she checked Mikaela's pulse and furrowed her brows."Everyone get back!" She instructed and everyone did so, Shinoa and Yoichi pulled Yuu away and his heart broke a little more when he felt Mika's cold hand fall from his grasp and onto the bed.The nurse held up Mika's wrist and checked his heart rate, she frowned more before pulling out her stethoscope to check his heart directly, she sighed."Who found Mikaela like this?" She asked, Yuu stepped forward. "What's wrong with him!?" Yuu asked."He's lost intense amount of blood and his body is having trouble creating the new blood." The nurse said. "So what does that mean!?" Yuu asked. "He'll be okay but it'll be a while till he'll be back to normal. He lost a huge amount of blood as a increasing rate and his body wasn't able to reproduce more before he was completely out." The nurse said."So Mika-kun will be okay?" Yoichi asked. "In a few days, yes." The nurse agreed, everyone sighed with relief."Yuichiro." The nurse said, Yuu's wet eyes met hers, she looked at him with sympathy before placing a hand on Yuu's shoulder."May we have a moment?" The nurse asked, the squad nodded before leaving the room."He'll be okay Yuichiro." She said gently, Yuu sniffled as he looked at Mika's unconscious form."I drank too much of his blood, I didn't know what I was doing! The blood was just so soothing and he- I can't-" Yuu confessed as he cried, she smiled sadly as he rubbed his shoulder firmly."Shh, it's okay. Yes, you did drink a little more of his blood then you should've but it's okay cause Mika will be alright." The nurse said, Yuu nodded."Come back and see him tomorrow okay dear?" She suggested, Yuu nodded grimly before leaving the room with heavy feet and his head low.-The next day and Mikaela was still unconscious and from the look of it, he wasn't waking up anytime soon."How's he looking today?" Yoichi asked, the nurse checked Mika's heart rate and sighed. "He has barely improved from yesterday." She answered. "Why is he taking so long to heal? Wouldn't Yuu-kun's demon help heal his body?" Shinoa asked. "I'm not sure why the demon isn't helping, it could be Mika rejecting the demon or just cause this isn't his body and he can't." She said.Yuu left the room and Shinoa frowned lightly before following him.-"Yuu-san." Shinoa said quietly.Yuu was sitting on a bench outside the base, his head in his hands and Shinoa could see his shoulders shaking, her frown deepened as he sat next to him and wrapped an arm around him."I feel awful Shinoa." Yuu spoke, Shinoa rubbed his arm."I know Yuu-san but everything will be okay, Mika-san will be just fine." Shinoa said, Yuu leaned into her and hid his forehead in her neck, she rubbed his back."That still doesn't change the fact that I drank Mika's blood until he was unconscious, I didn't even realize it." Yuu muttered."Yuu-""Is this why Mika refuses to drink my blood? Is this why he won't drink from me directly? In fear that he'll drink me dry?" Yuu asked aloud."That's a possibility." Shinoa said, Yuu bit his lip."He said he trusted me Shinoa, he said he trusted me with his entire being and look what I go and do, I nearly killed him." Yuu said sadly."Shh, Yuu-san, you didn't nearly kill him. I'm sure Mika-san understands." Shinoa said. "How could he understand that!? I almost killed him Shinoa, I drank so much of his blood that his body shut down and it won't be days till he's better. How the fuck could he understand?""Well Yuu-san, you are in his vampire body. He knows how intense the thirst is and how hard it is to fight it. He has probably been in your current situation so I'm sure he wouldn't be upset at you for what happened. You couldn't help it and I'm sure Mika-san understands that." Shinoa said calmly, her hand continued to rub Yuu's back and her quiet words and gentle rubs were increasingly relaxing him."You really think so?" Yuu asked quietly."Yes Yuu-san." Shinoa said.Shinoa stayed at Yuu's side till he finally calmed down.-
Three days later.
"Mmm."The nurse looked over at the noise but only saw Yoichi and Mika, the small brunette shook his head."Wasn't me." Yoichi spoke, they looked at Mika and he slowly opened his eyes."Mmm, too bright." He whined lightly."Mika-kun! You're finally awake!" Yoichi said happily. "Finally? How long was I asleep? What happened?" Mika asked. "You lost a lot of blood and you fell unconscious for a few days." The nurse said. "I did? It doesn't even feel like it." Mika said."When Yuu-kun drank your blood, he had a little too much and you fell unconscious." Yoichi explained. "What?" Mika asked sitting up. "Yes, he didn't take the news well." The nurse said."Where is he?"-"Yuu-chan."Yuu jumped lightly when Mika called his name, he slowly looked over his shoulder at the boy, his face unreadable."M-Mika..." Yuu whispered back, they stared at each other for a moment or two before Mika slowly approached further and sat next to Yuu on the bench."Yuu-chan, are you okay?" Mika asked, Yuu chuckled sadly. "Am I okay? You should be asking yourself that. Are you okay Mika? I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to! I just couldnt-""Yuu-chan, shush, it's okay." Mika said. "It isn't Mika! You almost freaking died! How is that okay!?" Yuu yelled."I don't blame you for what happened Yuu-chan, I know good and well how painful the thirst can be and the slightest drop of blood can soothe the pain so I'm not upset about what happened. It's okay." Mika said simply."I almost killed you." Yuu said."But you didnt, I'm right here. Alive and well by your side." Mika said, Yuu smiled lightly before looking up and meeting Mika's eyes."I'm sorry Mika." He said, Mika smiled back."It's okay Yuu-chan."



Chapter End Notes
HE LIVES


Problem solved
Chapter Notes
Well, this is it. This is the end. Thank you for reading and please do enjoy the final chapter!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




It was a week later when Guren entered the lounge."Okay, after a lot of kinks, we finally have the cure to switch you two back." Guren said."For real!?" Yuu asked smiling. "Yep, come on kids. Let's get this over with." Guren said.Yuu, Mika and the squad stood and followed Guren through the facility to the science labs where they finally entered a room, two large tubes that were connected to multiple machines and a few doctors and scientist were standing inside as well."Alright Yuichiro and Mikaela, both of you will lay in these tubes and will fall unconscious for at least a week or two." The doctor said. "So about the same time when we were out the first time, yes?" Mika asked. "Exactly, the cure should take about the same time as the experiment did." The doctor agreed."Let's get this going then!" Yuu said, the scientist led him to a tube, he slowly climbed in as he laid back and an IV was stuck into his arm, a mask was placed over his mouth and after removing his shirt, small bandages with wires connected to them were scattered on Yuu's chest."I don't like the looks of this." Mika mumbled through the mask as everything was attached to him as well. "Just trust us, you're in good hands." The doctor said. "That doesn't make me feel any better." Mika said narrowing his eyes into a glare, the doctor looked unfazed as he closed the lid of the tube. The same was done to Yuichiro's."Alright boys, just relax and when you wake up, you'll be back to your normal selves!" The scientist said with a smile on her face. "See you in a week or two brats." Guren said tapping the top of Yuu's tube. Thankfully for Guren, the tube was sound proof and he missed Yuu's snappy remark."Will they be okay?" Yoichi asked looking at the tubes holding his friends. "They'll be just fine." The scientist replied as he wrote something onto his clip board."Let the doctors and scientist do their jobs, come on, let's go." Guren said shooing everyone out the door, he took one final look at the boys before he walked out and closed the door behind him.Yuichiro and Mikaela stared at the ceiling as the mask pumped a sleep gas into their noses. They began to feel drowsy and with in a few seconds, the boys fell unconscious and the doctors got to work.-A few days later..."They're taking the treatment well." The doctor explained.Guren was looking over Yuichiro as the doctor relayed the latest information."That's good, nothing bad yet?" Guren asked looking at the doctor. "None so far, we've had no complications." He explained. "Good, how much longer do they have?" Guren asked. "A week is still our guesstimate." The doctor said, Guren nodded as he gently tapped the top of Yuu's tube."Very well, I'll be back later and alert me if anything happens to either of them." Guren said. "Yes sir Lieutenant Colonel." The doctor said bowing as Guren left the room.-A week later and the treatment was over and the squad was in a hospital room where Mika and Yuu were moved to, IVs and oxygen masks still on as they lay sleeping soundly."When will they wake up?" Yoichi asked. "They just finished treatment so they could wake up between an hour or so? Mikaela will probably be the one to wake up first hence his vampiric abilities of not sleeping for very long." The doctor explained. "But the treatment is a success, they'll be fine?" Guren asked. "Yes Lieutenant colonel, they'll be just fine. Soon as they wake up, they'll be back to their normal selves." The doctor said."Thank goodness, I kept getting them mixed up." Mitsuba said. "I just think how funny it was for idiot Yuu to have such a deep scowl whereas Mikaela was smiling brightly, it was creepy." Kimizuki said, everyone nodded in agreement."It certainly was odd, I believe more on Mika-sans side though." Shinoa mentioned. "He looked so happy! I thought it was a nice change, Mika-kun looks better when he's smiling." Yoichi said smiling."Don't let Yuu-san hear you! He might get jealous." Shinoa whispered. "The idiot is still out cold, he can't hear us." Kimizuki said.Guren sighed and rubbed his temple before sitting in a chair.-A few hours later...Shinoa, Yoichi and Kimizuki were playing Kings Corners where Mitsuba was in the cafeteria getting snacks and Guren was still in the same chair, reading a magazine."Laid off." Yoichi said placing his cards down with a smirk. "Damn it." Kimizuki cursed as he glared at the six cards in his hands before slamming them down. "I almost had you Yoichi-san!" Shinoa said placing her two down and wrote down the scores."Yoichi-san is winning with Kimizuki-san in last place." Shinoa said placing the pen down. "You must be cheating or something." Kimizuki said."No, no! My sister and I use to play this all the time when we were little!" Yoichi said smiling. "You're a good player Yoichi-san!" Shinoa said."Well, we're playing poker next and sorry, I'm not losing." Kimizuki said taking the cards and shuffling them. "Don't be sorry yet Kimizuki-kun!" Yoichi said, Kimizuki glared at him before roughly placing the deck of cards in front of the brunette."You'll be the one who's sorry." Kimizuki threatened when Yoichi dealt the cards out."I'm back." Mitsuba said."Mitsu!" Shinoa cheered happily. "How's the game going?" Mitsuba asked opening a bag of chips."Yoichi is winning." Shinoa said gathering her cards in her hand. "Not for long." Kimizuki mentioned."Anything from the boys?" Mitsuba asked. "Nope." Guren spoke as he flipped to a new page of his magazine.Mitsuba walked towards Yuu and saw that he was still and silent. "Yuu looks so peaceful." Mitsuba mentioned. "Did you say something Mitsu?" Shinoa asked."Nope!" She said walking away and to Mikaela, the blonde vampire had a stoic expression but it was also soft, Mitsuba stared at him for a few more seconds before reaching out and gently pushing aside a strand of Mikaela's hair but her action was cut short when Mika grabbed her wrist, his eyes remained closed as he slowly opened his eyes in annoyance."Blasted human." Mika muttered before releasing her wrist."Mika-kun!" Yoichi said happily as he jumped up and rushed to Mika's side."You're awake!" Yoichi said. "And that's supposedly good news?" Mika asked. "What a grouch." Mitsuba said rolling her eyes."Good morning sleepy head." Shinoa said popping up next to Yoichi, Mika glared at her. "Yep he's definitely back." Kimizuki said, Mika sighed and relaxed against the pillows."Where's Yuu-chan?" Mika asked quietly."Still unconscious." Guren replied, Mika looked at Yuu who was sound asleep, he looked so peaceful."Hmm, he really hasn't changed a bit." Mika mumbled. "What do you mean?" Yoichi asked."When Yuu-chan and I were kids in the vampire city, he was very strong, he was the pillar of strength and hope for our family back then..." Mika began, everyone remained silent."He made sure that all the kids were asleep before he went to sleep, he looked peaceful in his sleep. He looked so peaceful that seeing him and having him next to me, made me feel at peace too." Mika said, he smiled happily at Yuu, he almost forgot about the humans in the room until he heard a sniffle and looked at the source."That's so sweet." Yoichi said sniffling, Mika rolled his eyes."Why'd you have to tell them that?"All eyes turned to Yuu who was staring at them sleepily."Yuu-kun!" Yoichi cheered rushing to him and hugging him. "Hey Yoichi." Yuu greeted patting his head."Welcome back to the living." Kimizuki said. "Thanks telephone pole." Yuu muttered."Damn brat." Guren muttered. "Hello to you too Guren." Yuu said as Guren ruffled his hair."Hey Yuu-chan." Mika said.Yuu leaned up to look at Mika who was smiling happily at him, he smiled back just as happily."Hey Mika."-"So what's it like being each other? Did you learn anything new?" Shinoa asked.Mika and Yuu stared at each other for a second or two."I learned the internal battle Mika faces each and every day, I knew he was strong and incredible but I realized that now, he's even more amazing than I ever imagined." Yuu spoke."Yuu-chan." Mika said smiling, Yuu smiled back."Yuu-chan, I've learned you've also gotten a lot stronger. You face challenges everyday and there are so many things happening inside your head but you go on living everyday to the fullest, I'm very proud of you." Mika said."Yeah, Asuramaru can be a chatterbox." Yuu said chuckling."We learned that you two being in the others body was weird as hell." Kimizuki said and everyone laughed."But now that we're back to our normal selves, Guren, you need to get to working on a cure for Mika's vampirism!" Yuu said.Guren sighed.



Chapter End Notes
Thank you again for reading! Your comments and kudos mean very much to me so thank you!! If you liked my writing, please do look at my other stories! SIncerely yours, The Auhtor~♡Upcoming stories: a mermaid au and a surprise!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



