



What Are You Hiding - Maplebagels - Spider-Man Homecoming
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

What Are You Hiding?
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11658525.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017), Marvel Cinematic Universe
Relationship:
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker, Ned Leeds & Peter Parker, Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Character:
Michelle Jones, Michelle (Spider-Man: Homecoming), Peter Parker, Ned Leeds, May Parker (Spider-Man)
Additional Tags:
Trans Peter Parker, peter parker is pansexual, Ned Leeds is gay, they're all queer - Freeform, My First Work in This Fandom, Peter Parker Needs a Hug, Mental Health Issues, Peter has anxiety, Fluff and Angst, Michelle Jones is pansexual, Nightmares
Stats:

        Published: 2017-07-30
          Completed: 2017-08-28
          Chapters: 7/7
        Words: 9838
      

What Are You Hiding?
by Maplebagels
Summary
Set roughly a month after the events of Spider-Man: Homecoming, Michelle has officially become part of Peter and Ned's group. It isn't long before Peter starts crushing on Michelle harder than a 12-year-old girl, but what he doesn't realise is that there is a handful of obstacles to overcome if he wants their relationship to work out.
Notes
Hello! This is my first time writing a fic for these nerds and my third time writing a fic in general, so I hope it's not too bad! I appreciate constructive criticism but please don't be too harsh! And my apologies for the long chapters, I can't help it.Anyway, I hope you all enjoy!




Sleeping Beauty



Peter wasn’t exactly sure when he’d started crushing on Michelle. Within the month following her becoming friends with him and Ned, lots had happened between them. They’d even named their group “the queer squad” because Ned was gay, Peter was a trans man and he was pan (thus earning him the name “Peter Pan” from Michelle), and Michelle was pan. She’d convinced the two of them to come to two or three black lives matter protests and, almost every day after school, the three of them would walk over to the little coffee shop a block away. Peter was painfully aware of the fact that their little coffee shop get-togethers ate away at the time he usually spent patrolling Queens, looking for some sort of crime to stop. This did stress him out and he often ended up leaving abruptly because “Aunt May needs me.” 	Now, sometimes Ned wouldn’t be able to come along with Peter and Michelle. Which meant that it was just the two of them. Guilty as he felt, he enjoyed it a little more when Ned wasn’t around. Of course, Michelle always acted mysterious, rude-in-a-joking-way, and a tad bit odd. But he enjoyed her company more than anybody else’s. She had this strange atmosphere about her that made him feel like he was wrapped in a protective shield. She made him feel safe. There was one time, about a month after Peter had refused Mr. Stark’s offer to join the Avengers, that really made him realize he was crushing on Michelle. After yet another sleepless night, he came to school practically tripping over his own feet. Ned wasn’t at school so, naturally, Peter felt like he was doomed. He groggily made his way to his first classroom and, before period one had officially begun, Michelle sat in the desk next to his.She waved at him. “Earth to Peter Pan?”Peter attempted to blink away the exhaustion before turning to her. “Oh, h-hey, MJ. What are you doing here?”“We have this class together,” she responded bluntly.Peter felt his face heat up and he chuckled awkwardly. “Right right right, you’re right. I just. . . didn’t get any sleep.”“Are we still on for coffee after school?” she asked, and then added, “Not like I care whether or not we are.”“Yeah, of course. I’ll take a nap during social and I’ll be fine.”Michelle snorted and asked, “You sure your marks aren’t too important, nerd?”Peter barely heard what she said, so he just shrugged, hoping that was a good enough answer. The bell rang and they began class, both turning to the front of the class. He was able to sit through the first few minutes, but after that, everything the teacher said slowly blurred together. He placed his head in his hands and found himself forcing his eyes open every few seconds. Soon enough, though, the world blacked out. When Peter had finally woken up, he panicked for a moment before he found that he was laying on a couch in the staff room. Looking at the clock, he found that it was just past lunch time. And then he realized that Michelle was there, too. She was lounging in a gigantic armchair across the little room and reading a book titled “The Hate You Give.” She looked over at him and put her book down as he sat up. She smiled. “Rise and shine, Sleeping Beauty. Don't worry, I didn't kiss you.” Peter felt an abrupt pang of pain on the side of his head and he winced, reaching for his hair. Michelle snorted. “You fell out of your desk and hit your head on the floor. Everyone laughed at first, but when they realized you were knocked out, they went dead silent.” She stopped to laugh. “It was like you were dead or some junk.”Peter felt a sinking feeling deep down and let out a sigh. And then his eyes widened in panic. “Was Flash there? Did he see it happen?”“He was skipping,” she said nonchalantly. “Although, he’s probably heard about it by now.”Peter sighed, but something else was bugging him. He turned to Michelle with a curious frown. “Hey--why are you in here, anyway? Shouldn’t you be in class?”Michelle shrugged. “They couldn’t get in touch with your aunt and I didn’t want you to be alone. So, I forced them to let me stay.”Peter stuttered for a moment, unsure what to say as his face turned red. “Michelle, you didn’t have to.” “Don’t mention it, I’ve just been reading this whole time. This is like heaven to me.” Peter wasn’t sure what it was in that moment, but something about Michelle gave him an indescribable feeling of warmth and safety. It wasn’t much, but what she’d done was pretty incredible to him. And that’s when it hit him that he had a crush on her. He loved her passion, he loved her mystery, he loved her confidence, he loved all the nicknames she gave him, and countless other things. Why it’d taken him so long to realize it, he didn’t have a clue. Because suddenly, in that moment, he kinda wished Michelle had awoken him with a kiss.Her voice abruptly sliced through his thoughts. “Okay, you’re staring and it’s getting a little weird.”“Sorry!” Peter exclaimed, “I-I got lost in thought. Just thinking about how Aunt May is going to react.” He chuckled awkwardly and stood up. “I should, um, head to class.”	Michelle, now fixing him with a puzzled look, said, “Or you could try contacting your Aunt and maybe eat some lunch.” 	Peter, who tried to ignore how light-headed he was, briefly spun around to face her on his way out. “Great, thanks, Michelle! Gotta go!”



Makeup
Chapter Summary
Aunt May wants peter to come right home after school and he receives an odd phone call from Michelle.
Chapter Notes
Here's chapter two, I hope you all enjoy! And turns out this fic is going to be a little longer than I thought, but I hope that's alright. Once again, I take constructive criticism!



Peter exited the staff room, hoping Michelle wouldn’t stop him. He found his binder on the floor in front of his locker and was about to grab it when his phone rang. It was Aunt May. 	Peter picked up and Aunt May immediately began. “Peter! Are you okay? I just heard about what happened and--oh god, please tell me you’re okay!”	“I’m fine, May. My head barely even hurts,” he said, his tone exhausted. 	Aunt May let out a shaky sigh. “I’m sorry, Peter. It’s just--you know, ever since finding out that you’re,” she paused, “Spider-Man, I’ve been worried.” Peter sighed; this was true. It'd taken a week for him to convince her that everything was fine, but not even that was enough. Every day, she asked if he was alright, asked if he needed to talk to her, even asked if he wanted to see a psychiatrist. Peter just wished she could have faith in him. He could take care of himself. “May, I was just tired,” Peter said, trying to get his point across.She paused long enough for Peter to wonder if she was still there. Soon enough, she said, “Well, get to class. But take care of yourself, please. And can you do me a favour?” “What is that?” Peter asked.“Come straight home after school. No coffee, no Spider-Manning.” Her soft, concerned voice went right back to her mama bear voice.Peter felt a sinking feeling deep down, but respected her request. “Alright, May. But just tonight.”They wrapped up their conversation and Peter hurried to class, a granola bar his only energy source. He tried to ignore his classmates’ stares and focus, but one thing prevented him from doing so: his crush on Michelle.He ended up being so preoccupied that, by the time he headed home, he'd forgotten to tell Michelle about the change of plans. So, he got a confused text from Michelle asking where the hell he was. He’d panicked before responding and explaining the situation. She told him she wouldn't hold anything against him (with a gif of someone sliding their finger across their throat), yet Peter couldn't help but feel guilty.Later that night, though, after he and his Aunt had watched The Force Awakens, he received a phone call from Michelle. He hurried into his room and sat on his bed, his heart pounding rapidly against his chest. He picked up and said, “Hey, Michelle, what's up?”“Nothing,” she said bluntly. There was an awkward silence before she asked, “You okay? Not that I care.”Peter laughed softly. “I-I'm doing fine. My head feels better. What about you?”“I'm just thinking,” she said in a tone of voice Peter couldn't figure out. She didn't sound like her normal self.Peter, unsure how to approach, asked, “What are you thinking about?”There was another moment of silence in which he wondered if he'd asked the right question. But then Michelle said, “Alright, well, I haven't been open with someone in awhile. But here we go.”She continued, “I just feel like an alien lately. I'm queer, I'm black, and I'm one of the few women in the school that doesn't bother with makeup or looking beautiful. I know I've got you and Ned for the queer part, but not for everything else. And you two are great, but you’re all I got. So, it kinda sucks.”Peter was taken back--he'd always thought Michelle had no fears and wasn't insecure. He felt guilty for assuming so, and felt even worse as this new truth settled in. “Michelle, I had no idea.”“Then it's working,” Michelle said, her voice numb. “I want people to think I'm like that.”Peter stiffened, unsure of what to say. “I mean, you can't live in a facade all the time. Isn't that exhausting?”“Yeah. That’s why I'm telling you.”“Well,” Peter said, his face heating up, “if it means anything, I think you're pretty amazing.”“Because I'm brave?” Michelle asked.“Well, yeah,” Peter laughed awkwardly, his blush increasing, “but you're so much more than that, Michelle. You're smart, you're the most beautiful person I've ever seen, you're passionate, and I know it isn't much, but what you did today was pretty cool.” She didn't speak, so he continued. “You’re so much fun to be around. And--” he hesitated, “you make me feel safe.”Michelle began to laugh. Peter immediately regretted saying anything. “Oh god, that was cheesy, Peter. And I don't need to be told I'm the prettiest person you've ever seen, because I already know, but thanks.” Peter was sure Michelle could hear his beating heart. Why did he say that? He'd never hear the end of this. “I-I’m sorry, Michelle, I-- just ignore I said any of that, I don’t--”“Peter, it’s fine,” Michelle interrupted, her voice low and strangely sweet. She laughed again, but it wasn't humorous. “You're really sweet. Thank you for that. I won't make fun of you.” She paused. “And. . . I trust you. That means a lot.”Peter felt himself grinning like an idiot. “Wow, thank you. I mean, don't you trust Ned?” “I do, but you're different,” Michelle responded. “I don't know why.”Peter was about to reply when he heard his Aunt calling him. “Hey, uh, I’d love to keep talking but May is calling me.”“Alright. Run along, Peter Pan,” Michelle laughed. “See you at school.”“S-see you at school,” he responded before hanging up and practically dancing out of his room.



Cards



“Good news and bad news,” Ned said, shoving the scattered cards together on the table in front of him, “you’ll be a terrible dealer at the casino.”Peter, who had attempted shuffling the cards and had instead sent them flying, asked, “Is that the good news or the bad news?”“Both,” Ned stated with an amused smile.Michelle approached their lunch table, sat down, and pointed at a drawing in her sketchbook with a humorous expression. “Peter, look, it’s you trying to shuffle cards.” This was a fairly normal thing for her to do, but now, he couldn't help but blush. Peter had assumed that his and Michelle’s reactions would be awkward, but it was almost as if she'd completely forgotten about the phone call. He really wanted to talk to her in private but, so far, he hadn't had the chance. All emotions aside, though, it was a pretty good drawing. Ned greeted Michelle and she got comfortable, pulling out her lunch. She talked about the book she was reading and Ned occasionally chimed in and connected it to something he'd heard of. Peter was too interested in what she was saying to add anything. Whenever she spoke to him, he felt his face go red. Ned kept tossing him questioning glances, but Peter simply signed, “I’ll tell you later.”After about twenty minutes, Michelle got up to go to the washroom. As soon as she was out of earshot, Ned turned to Peter with wide eyes and leaned forward. “Oh my god, you have a crush on Michelle,” he said, his voice lowered. “Wait--what? Where'd that come from?” Peter asked incredulously. He tried to play it cool, but that was a little difficult because his face was beet red and he kept laughing awkwardly.A smile spread across Ned’s face nearly as big as when he'd found out Peter was Spider-Man. “Dude, this is amazing! You two are, like, perfect for each other!” “Ned!” Peter scolded good-naturedly. A flustered smile made its way onto his face and he shrugged. “I--Yeah, I do, a little bit.”“How did this happen?” Ned asked, obviously not worried about asking too personal questions. Peter began to explain what had happened the other day, what with him passing out and all. He even explained Aunt May’s reaction as well, and how he understood her concern. But he didn't talk about the phone call. He wasn't sure if Michelle wanted Ned to know just yet.Nevertheless, Ned was enthusiastic about this--perhaps even more so than Peter. “You have to talk to her, man! I don't mind if you two go for coffee without me today. But don't expect me to miss out every time, alright?” Peter was glad his best friend was supportive of this. He thanked Ned and they did their handshake. But then Ned turned to where Michelle had disappeared and said, “You should go talk to her right now.”“Right now?” Peter asked, dumbfounded. “What about?”“Ask her to go for coffee with you!” Ned exclaimed. Peter frowned and thought of a million arguments, but when he considered this, he figured it was better than nothing. “Alright, but be low key, alright? You can't tell anyone. This is just like the whole Spider-Man thing, but worse.”“Alright. I will respect that and I will protect your secret with my life,” Ned proclaimed with a solute, a determined look on his face. But then he smiled again. “Now, go!”Peter stood and hurried in the direction of the washrooms. He had some pretty good timing because, right as he turned toward the washrooms, Michelle walked out. She frowned in curiosity. “Sup, Peter Pan?” “Uh, hey, MJ,” Peter began. “Um, about that phone call. . .”Michelle chuckled. “What about it?”Peter’s face went red for the billionth time. “You know what, never mind about that. I was going to ask if you maybe wanted to go for coffee after school?” “You couldn't wait for me to sit back down to ask?” Michelle said.Peter fought for words before saying, “Well, Ned can't come along and I thought it'd be rude to make plans in front of him.”“Good call,” Michelle said, the corners of her mouth upturned in a faint smile. “Yeah, I’ll go on a lame date with you.”Peter felt his face go redder than Iron Man’s armour. “A d-date? I mean--”“Relax, Peter,” Michelle said, cutting him off. She put a hand on his shoulder and he tried not to melt from the contact. “Let’s get real here, what else would it be? After that phone call, it's pretty obvious you like me.”Peter forced himself to meet her gaze, although it felt as though she'd already read every single thought in his head. He was surprised, embarrassed, flustered, and his knees felt very weak. But if Michelle had figured it out, he decided he'd better make it known. “Okay, you're right. I. . . I like you, Michelle. A lot. And I would love it if you went on a date with me.”Peter wasn't sure if his eyes deceived him, but it looked like Michelle was fighting a blush. He had to admit, she looked adorable. She simply folded her arms across her chest and smirked. “Yeah, I'm down. Because, truth is--and don't ever repeat this but--I like you, too. You're like the most adorable nerd I've ever met. And you're pretty smart. And those are the only compliments you'll ever hear from me.”Peter felt his heart combust, reconstruct, and then melt. He was at a loss for words as he struggled to remain upright, glad that Michelle was still holding on because he would've fallen. “Wow, um, thanks!” He exclaimed, trying his hardest not to smile like an idiot. “I-I’ll see you after school, then?” “You know it,” Michelle said, removing her hand from his shoulder and holding it out for him. They hadn't worked up a secret handshake yet, so they'd settled for a simple bro hug, which they did. This time, though, they remained in each other’s arms a moment longer than usual. But when another student turned the corner and spotted them, they broke apart.



What's Up With You?



Their first date went considerably well. The coffee shop was closed, so they decided to walk a little further and grab pizza instead. Peter had to text Aunt May about the change of plans, and she didn’t seem too excited about it, but he told her he’d explain later. The date was definitely awkward at first, but soon enough, they were eating pizza and taking ridiculous pictures together. She made Peter laugh until his stomach ached, but she also made him swear he’d never, ever show anyone the pictures. By the time his Aunt May showed up to pick him up, he didn’t want to leave. And, if he was reading her correctly, it seemed as though Michelle didn’t want to leave, either. 	When he got home, he told his Aunt May about Michelle and how they were technically dating now. He was expecting her to be surprised, but she seemed more happy for him than anything. “I knew it!” She’d exclaimed. “You talked about her all the time, it was almost as obvious as your crush on Liz.” And so, she was in full support of every single date they’d be going on. 	Ned was also very supportive. Peter told him all about his dates with Michelle and, luckily, Ned didn’t ask anything too personal. He knew his boundaries and Peter was grateful for that. 	Their second date also went well. This time, it was on a saturday and they met at their usual coffee shop. Michelle let him look through her sketchbook (and all her sketches were beautiful), they took more ridiculous photos, and they bought each other mugs with stupid quotes on them. Peter had offered to hold her hand, but Michelle didn’t take it. If he was correct, she was a little too focused on the people around them. He didn’t mind, though--she was big about personal space. 	Their third date, only a few days after the second, started off quite nicely. They planned to meet at the usual coffee shop, plain and simple. However, as the two of them found a seat near the window, Peter received a phone call from Ned. 	“Lemme take this,” Peter said, putting the phone to his ear. “Ned, what’s up?”	Ned’s frantic voice came through the speaker in a whisper. “Peter, please tell me you’re not on a date with Michelle right now.”	Peter side-glanced at Michelle, who raised an eyebrow, but didn’t say anything. “I am, Ned. What is it?” He asked, his heart pounding faster. 	Ned let out a sound of frustration before saying, “You gotta get over here, man, I’m right by this bank and these dudes are taking hostages. There are no cops, I don’t know what to do!”	Peter frowned and nervously ran a hand through his hair. He looked at Michelle again, then out the window, and then back at Michelle. Ned whisper-shouted the location through the phone before saying, “I’m getting out of here, Peter, please let me know how it goes!” and then hanging up. 	“What’s wrong?” Michelle asked, looking suspicious.	Peter hated the way the sunlight gave her a warm glow and illuminated her beautiful brown eyes. He didn’t want to leave, he really didn’t, but he knew what was best. “I-I gotta go,” he stammered before quickly getting to his feet. 	Michelle moved at lightning speed, grabbing his wrist and preventing him from leaving. Her eyebrows were pulled together in a frown. “That may have worked with Liz, but it won’t work with me. Where are you going?”	Peter felt panic clutch at his heart. “MJ, please, I need to leave right now!” When she didn’t cease her grip and continued to glare, he sighed, “I’ll tell you later, okay? I don’t have time.”	Michelle’s expression was unreadable as she slackened her grip and said, “Fine.” 	Peter began backing towards the door. “Thanks, MJ, you’re the best, see you later, bye!” And then he turned and fled the building without looking back.******	It’d taken an hour for Peter to reach the building, chase down all six of the criminals, beat them up, and free the hostages. He was tired, but not too exhausted. He called Ned to thank him, but when he thought of calling Michelle, he decided not to. Peter wasn’t sure what to tell her or how to apologize. She hadn’t tried calling him at all, so he figured she was pretty upset. 	Instead, he simply returned to the alleyway where he’d changed into his suit. He stuffed all his clothes into his backpack without changing back. Peter then ordered an iced cappuccino (the lady at the till seemed pretty surprised that Spider-Man was ordering iced coffee, but didn’t ask), swung over to Michelle’s house, and placed the iced cap on her windowsill. He stuck a note to it that said “Sorry I had to leave so suddenly. Family emergency!! Hope you get this before it melts!! -Peter Pan”	He knew his gift wasn’t enough and he knew she’d ask a million questions, but he decided he’d deal with it at school next day. Michelle didn’t send him any texts or phone him, which made him very anxious to get to school. When he did, though, he really wasn’t looking forward to the day. He’d had another night full of tossing and turning, and the little sleep he did get was full of nightmares. 	And so, when Michelle approached him in front of his locker, he was surprised at her calm behaviour. She folded her arms and leaned against the neighbouring locker. He turned to her, prepared for her to hit him with words rather than hands, and said, “I’m sorry, MJ.” 	“Don’t worry about it, loser. You’ve got your secrets, I’ve got mine,” Michelle said with a slight smile. “Thanks for the ice cap.”	The weight of Peter’s anxiety melted away, but the pain in his chest didn’t leave quite yet. “You sure you’re not angry?”	“I’m not angry,” Michelle said. Peter thought she was finished, but then she added, “Although, I am going to figure out some way to weed that secret out of you.” She smiled slyly.	Peter wasn’t sure if what she’d said should worry him or not, so he laughed awkwardly. “A-alright, but you’ll never find it out.”	MJ chuckled. “That’s adorable, Peter. See you in class.” She poked him on his nose before spinning on her heel and heading the other way.	All throughout the day, Michelle kept peppering him with personal questions that he answered as vaguely as possible. 	“Sick grandparent?”	“Nope.”	“Family member has a disease?”	“No.”	“The family is having some drama because of your racist great aunt on Facebook?”	Peter frowned at that one. “Actually, that’s happened before.”	By the end of the day, she’d gotten nothing out of him. “You’re a lot harder to crack than I thought.”	“Maybe you’re just not asking the right questions,” Peter responded with a sly smile. 	“You realize you’ve given me an invitation to keep asking?” Michelle said.	Peter paused for a moment before realizing his mistake. “Oh, Michelle--”	“HA!” She laughed, her face lighting up in a smile. “Gotcha, Peter Pan.”	If he’d thought that was cruel, next day, she came to school wearing an “I’m with stupid” t-shirt. There was an arrow on it pointing to the left, and at all times, Michelle made sure she was standing to the right of Peter--while she bombarded him with even more questions. After another day of no success, she was even more frustrated than the previous.	On Friday, though, she seemed to have given up. And so, she invited him on a date. This one was at her house right after school. He’d only been there once or twice to work on homework, but both those times, Ned had been there--and so had her parents. In other words, they were home alone. Michelle led him into the living room and Peter felt his heart speed up. She was being more mysterious than usual. She brought out a bluetooth speaker and put on a song by Janelle Monae that Peter didn’t recognize--it was slower than her more popular songs.After a moment of no communication, “You’re not dealing with family issues, are you?” was all she said. Peter felt as though his jaw had locked up. It was strangely difficult for him to say, “What makes you think that?”Michelle rolled her eyes. But then she held out her hands for him. He took her hands in his and he expected her to start swaying to the song, but there was no such movement. She was tense, but she still radiated warmth. She fixed him with a look of utmost concern. “Peter, I know it isn’t family. I’ve just been trying to annoy you into telling me what’s really up.” When he didn’t say anything, she continued, “I wanna know why the guy I’m dating got a phone call from Ned, left in the middle of a date for a family emergency, and when I went to search for him, I found all his clothes and his backpack in an alleyway.” Peter felt his face go red. He avoided eye contact, the plants in the corner of the room suddenly very interesting. His mind raced for some sort of excuse. Michelle couldn’t know. She absolutely could not know. “I also wanna know,” she continued again, “how you managed to get that iced cap up to my window sill, why you’re not getting any sleep, why you left Homecoming so quick, and why you left the Academic Decathlon in Washington.”	The weight of every single one of those reasons drained him of all his energy. He lost control of his thoughts and a lump formed in his throat. He couldn’t cry. Not now. He had to tell Michelle the truth. “D-do you promise not to tell anyone?”Michelle, who seemed to notice the shakiness in his voice, lowered her voice. “Whatever, loser, I promise.”“It’s because I’m--” Peter hesitated. He could lie. He could still turn back. But a strange voice deep down told him he should do this. It would make things so much easier. And so, he took a deep breath and said, “It’s because I’m Spider-Man.”He expected Michelle to be shocked or to gasp or yell at him to get out of her house. But when he met her eyes, he was surprised to find that she was giggling. “Not gonna lie, I kinda guessed that, but I didn’t think it’d actually be true.”Peter felt an overwhelming amount of relief so great he thought he was going to cry. He found himself smiling with her. “I thought your reaction would be different,” he said, his voice betraying him when it cracked. “Are you kidding?” Michelle asked, a big smile on her face. “This is the coolest thing that’s ever happened to me! I’m dating the Spider-Man!” Her excitement was then replaced by a look of realization. “Does this mean I get to try your web shooting things?”Peter shrugged. “Uh, we’ll--we’ll see.” The lump in his throat disappeared and he felt an immense amount of happiness.He must’ve looked like he was upset because a concerned look occupied her face and she frowned. “Whoa, you alright?” She asked, guiding him to the couch and sitting down. He sat next to her and let go of her hands.“I’m sorry,” Peter said, laughing the slightest bit. “It just. . . feels really good to say that. And I’m so glad you’re not freaked out.” As he said that, the cursed lump in his throat returned. Tears welled up in his eyes and one fell down his face, much to his dismay. He hated that he was showing weakness, but didn’t mind so much when Michelle wiped away his tears with the back of her sleeve. Peter pulled himself together and forced the lump out of existence. Michelle reached for his hand again. She smiled a moment before giving him a stern look. “If you ever tell anyone about this, I’ll beat you up myself.”Peter laughed. “Don’t worry, I wouldn’t want anyone to know, either.” Michelle smiled and grabbed the tv remote. “What was that show you wanted me to watch again?”“Star Wars?” Peter said, an eyebrow raised. He was expecting her to flood him with questions about Spider-Man.“Right,” she said, turning to the tv with a side smile. “Star Wars it is.”Peter tried to contain his excitement (and his nerdy rambling) as they watched A New Hope. Michelle kept criticizing the cgi and the script, but Peter didn't mind. He was just glad he could be with Michelle and watch Star Wars with her. And, towards the end of the movie, Michelle let out a tired sigh and leaned on his shoulder. His face heated up and he took her hand. She radiated so much warmth and peaceful energy, he just wished they could get a little closer. But this was fine, and he loved her. They’d just take things at a normal pace.



Downtown



The following week after Peter’s big reveal to Michelle was the best week ever. Michelle was good at keeping his secret, although she did occasionally jokingly threaten to tell someone. Of course, the day after, Michelle had about a million questions, but he didn’t mind.
“So, this is the Stark internship?”
“Yep!”
“And when you left our date, it was because of the hostages at the bank?”
“Yeah!”
“And I hope you don’t mind me asking but is there, like, a binder built into the suit?”
“There is! And Tony's got all my testosterone shots covered. It’s awesome!”
All questions aside, they were becoming practically inseparable. The entire school had figured it out, but whenever anyone mentioned it, Michelle would give them looks that could kill. Ned wasn’t getting tired of them, either, partly because Michelle despised pda. She refused to show affection towards Peter in public.
Peter was beginning to have doubts, but on one saturday evening, they decided to run around downtown as a date. They had originally planned on going to a bakery, but that ended up being closed. And, since neither of them knew what to do, they ended up all over the place. First it was a candy store, then a pet store, an antique shop, a used bookstore, a comic store, and countless other unexpected places. They continued until the early autumn sun began to set and streetlights turned on. That was when Peter spotted Flash and, in a mild state of panic, grabbed Michelle by her elbow and booked it down a back alley. 
They found themselves behind a seven storey hotel that resembled a castle more than anything. Michelle, who had a big smile on her face, said, “Where to now, Peter Pan?”
Peter, regarding his surroundings, looked up at the hotel and said, “We could go up on the roof. The view is pretty cool at night!”
 “Seems cheesy.” Michelle smiled. “I don’t see why not.”
They climbed up the fire escape and Peter was relieved to find that nobody was on the roof. He was right--the view was amazing. The sunset painted the clouds in shades of yellow, orange, and pink. The city was beginning to light up and they could see for miles.
“You were right,” Michelle said, resting her arms on the railing. 
Peter copied her and stood right next to her, his gaze fixed on the sunset. “Yeah, I come up here when there are no criminals to stop.” 
“So,” Michelle began, “if you suddenly saw someone breaking into a store down there, would you leave?”
Peter frowned at the question. “I’d have to get into my suit, but yeah, I guess I would.”
“Alright. Another question,” Michelle continued. “Would you be able to do that without your web shooters?”
Peter laughed awkwardly and turned to her. “Why do you a--” 
He stopped dead when he saw what was wrapped around Michelle’s wrists. She smiled evilly. Michelle had taken his web shooters. She pointed them at him threateningly. 
“Michelle, that’s a bad idea!” Peter put up his hands and frowned. “How’d you get them, anyway?”
Michelle shrugged. “We hold hands a lot.” Peter nervously ran a hand through his hair and she laughed. “Don’t get too worked up about it, Spider-Boy. You trust me, right?”
Peter relaxed and said, “Yeah, of course I do.”
Michelle examined them for a moment, concentrating. He was about to show her how they worked when webs simultaneously shot out of both of them. One of them went flying off the edge of the roof and the other whistled right past his ear. Behind him, he could hear car tires violently squeal and a cat meow in alarm. Michelle looked up at him and laughed and, at that point, he was done. He made to grab them, but she moved faster and took hold of his hands. 
	Peter met her gaze and narrowed his eyes, trying to seem menacing. “Give them back, Michelle,” he said, his voice sounding more on the joking side. 
	Michelle smiled and raised an eyebrow. “You think I’m gonna give them up that easily?” 
	Peter tried not to smile as he pulled his hands out of her grip and made to grab the web shooters again. This time, instead of grabbing his hands, she reached further and tickled his neck. This wasn’t good, for Peter was unbelievably ticklish. Before he knew it, he was a laughing mess and he fell, landing on his back. He wasn’t in any pain--just glad that he wasn’t within Michelle’s reach anymore. 
	However, just as he began to get back up, Michelle dropped down and pinned him to the roof of the building. She smiled and said, “The web shooters are mine now, loser.”
	Peter’s face heated up and he tried not to think about how close their faces were. “I could easily throw you off me right now,” he said, truly meaning it.
	“You can, but would you?” Michelle asked, her voice lowered. 
	Peter could feel his face go red. His gaze flitted from the pink clouds to her rich brown eyes. “Wh-what now?” he asked, trying not to cringe at how weak his voice sounded. 
	Michelle looked away for a moment, laughing awkwardly. Peter was a little surprised. At this point, she would’ve pulled away, gone back to being mysterious, threatened him to never tell anyone about this. But instead, she looked back at him and spoke.
“I know sometimes I can get complicated and hard to read,” she said, her voice sweet as honey. “But right now, I don’t want to be complicated with you.” 
And then, she leaned down and kissed him on the lips. At first, Peter panicked, unsure of what to do. His heart sped up and pounded fiercely against his chest. Truth be told, he’d never been kissed like this before. But Michelle guided him, her hands leaving his wrists. They ghosted along his arms until one rested on the side of his face and the other on his back. He deepened the kiss and wrapped his arms around her. 
When they finally broke apart, they were both out of breath. Peter sat up, trying to fight the smile making its way onto his face. Michelle smiled and kissed him on the lips again, this one short and sweet. It felt like they were in a safe little bubble, oblivious to the world around them. It felt like nothing else mattered in that moment. Like their world was peaceful and there was no evil, no crime. Just this. 
“Don't ever tell anyone about this,” Michelle said, this time with a smile. “And I think that'll be the cheesiest thing you ever hear me say.”
Peter laughed and scratched the back of his head. “Don't worry, I'll forget about what you said if you want.” 
Michelle smiled and Peter swore that was the most he'd ever seen her smile. “Come here,” she said, lazily holding out her arms. 
Peter scooted closer to her and she wrapped her arms around him. She ran a hand through his hair and he couldn't help but snuggle up next to her. Another one of his weaknesses--when someone played with his hair. 
They sat like that for awhile, until they both became sore from being on the roof of the building. It was definitely the strangest date they'd been on so far; they kissed on the roof of a five star hotel. But Peter found that going home was the most difficult this time. It'd felt like they were on a whole other planet and now they had to return to earth. 
But this time, as he headed home and a feeling of dread washed over him, he knew something was wrong. He shouldn't feel this reluctant about going home and going to bed. He shouldn't feel this way. But he did, and he’d felt it every single night ever since the night he'd defeated the Vulture. 
Peter shrugged off those thoughts as he headed to bed, trying to focus on his and Michelle’s date. After all, that was probably the happiest he'd felt in his life. He couldn't dwell on the past.



Nightmares
Chapter Notes
I know the fic has been super fluffy and tame so far, but this chapter does get a little violent! I hope it isn't too much!!



There was a strong ringing in Peter’s ears that blocked out all other sound. He felt nothing but pain as he lay on the ground, unable to move. He cried out in agony, every bone in his body shattered. Hot tears fell down his face uncontrollably and his entire body shivered violently. Peter used his remaining energy to lift his head from the sand. Not too far away, he saw the Vulture. His massive wings unfolded and he lifted off the ground, something clutched in his talons. It didn't take much for Peter to realize that what he was carrying wasn't an object. It was his Aunt May. The Vulture rose higher and higher into the air. Peter called for her, his voice barely managing to weave its way around his sobs. Soon enough, he couldn't see them anymore. But then he spotted the Vulture silhouetted against the moon. And then Aunt May wasn't in the Vulture’s talons anymore. Peter averted his eyes and covered his ears. He couldn’t watch his only remaining family die. When he finally uncovered his eyes, the Vulture was low to the ground again. Peter begged for this to be over. He had to wake up now. He had to wake up. Please let this be a dream. But as Peter watched, he noticed that the Vulture wasn't finished. He could only watch as another body was lifted off the ground. This time, Peter realized that it was Michelle. “NO!” He cried out. He had to do something. He couldn't let anyone else he loved die. Not after Uncle Ben, not after Aunt May. Peter tried to get up, but every movement sent more waves of pain through his body. He hated that he couldn't do anything. He hated that he couldn't save everyone he loved. He hated that he had to watch the people closest to him die.*******Peter woke up and snapped his eyes open. Tears welled up in his eyes and he covered his face with his hands. He cried, but he tried to keep it silent for fear of someone hearing. It was half a minute before he realized that it was all just a dream. But even if it had been a dream, he still cried. Truth be told, he'd had nightmares like this ever since his fight with the Vulture. He'd tried to ignore them--and it was pretty easy, what with everything happening between him and MJ. But this was the worst one yet. It was relentless. He could still see it playing out in his head over and over and over. Peter wiped at his eyes and checked the time. It was three in the morning. He wanted to call someone, maybe Ned, but nobody would be awake at this hour. And he was a sobbing mess. He was crying about a dream, of all things. But, somewhere deep down, he knew it was about more than just a dream. So, Peter wiped his eyes and tried to calm down as best he could as he dialled Ned’s number. The longer he waited, the more difficult it became to contain his emotions. When it went to voicemail, Peter could barely see his phone through his tears. After much hesitation, he phoned Michelle. Maybe she was up at this time of night. He waited, trying to focus on his breathing. It felt like he was waiting forever, but finally, he heard a click, and then Michelle’s voice.“Peter, what's up? It's, like, four in the morning.” Her voice was lowered to a whisper, although she barely even sounded tired.Peter felt more tears fall down his face. He really didn't want to do this, but he knew it was best. So, he took a deep breath and said in a very shaky voice, “Michelle, I-I. . . I need to talk to you.”Michelle was silent for a moment. “Peter, are you okay?” She asked, her voice soft. Peter thought about that question a little longer than he should've. “I--no, I-I’m not. I. . .” He trailed off. This was stupid. “I'm sorry for calling so late, it--it was just a stupid dream.” “Peter, obviously it wasn't just a dream if you're crying,” Michelle said. “Plus, I have insomnia, so it's not like you're interrupting my sleep schedule or anything.”Peter felt his emotions weigh him down even more. He let out a sob and blinked the tears out of his eyes. It took him a great deal of effort, but he finally said, “I’m sorry. . .”“Look, Peter, I'll be right there, just give me one sec,” Michelle said. “Hang in there, alright?”Peter wasn't exactly sure what she meant, but he let out a shaky sigh and said, “Okay.”He didn't realize how reassuring her voice had been until he heard a click and then there was silence. He brought his knees up to his chest and wrapped his arms around himself. Peter waited for the phone to ring, waited for a text, waited for something. He ended up waiting for about ten minutes, managing to calm down just enough to stop crying. Finally, a noise cut through the silence, but it wasn't coming from his phone. Strangely enough, it was coming from his window. Peter shrugged it off, but then it came again, this time much louder. He shakily stood up, walked over to his window, and almost screamed. There sat Michelle, looking exhausted but smiling nonetheless.Peter frantically opened the window and before he could say anything, Michelle stepped inside and wrapped her arms around him in a hug. When she didn't let go, he returned the hug, feeling the tears return to his eyes. Her warmth washed over him and he felt safe. When she pulled away, her hands remained on his shoulders and she looked him directly in the eyes. “Peter, before you lecture me about this, I know you would've done the same for me.”“Yeah, but I have super strength and a suit packed with, like, a bazillion safety precautions!” Peter retaliated, his voice hushed. Michelle shrugged. “I'm pretty strong, if you ask me.”Peter would've laughed if he didn't feel so hollow. “Michelle, you really didn't have to. This is a lot of trouble over a nightmare.” Michelle rolled her eyes. “Peter, there's a reason why you called me at three in the morning, crying about a dream.” Her hands moved down his arms until they took hold of his hands. “I wanna be here for you. In the flesh. And I know I can't be your guardian angel, but let me do this one super extra thing for you, okay? I care about you.”Peter couldn't argue with her. He averted his gaze. “Alright, well. . . You're right. There’s a reason why I called you so late.”Michelle gently ran her thumbs across Peter’s fingers and asked, “Do you want to talk about it?”“I don't know,” Peter said, “I might start crying again.” “I don't mind,” Michelle responded. “I've seen you cry before. And I opened up to you, so you've seen my weak side. We’re equal.”Peter tried his best to smile at that before he took a deep breath and said, “You’re right.” Michelle sat down on his bed and he sat next to her, taking her hand in his. “You know how I fought the Vulture?” “Yeah, I still can't believe it was you.”“Well, I'll admit, it was pretty awesome taking him down. But ever since I did, I've been getting nightmares about it.” He stopped for a second, wishing the lump in his throat would disappear. “Sometimes they only last a few seconds, sometimes they're not so violent, sometimes I can tell it's a dream. Other times. . .” Peter stopped himself, everything coming back to him as he spoke. He stifled a sob and wiped at his tears. “You don't have to keep going,” Michelle said.Peter nodded and, before he knew it, he was crying again. He covered his face with his hands, ashamed that Michelle was seeing him at his weakest point. He wished the tears would roll back in his eyes. But here he was, falling apart in Michelle’s arms, using tissue after tissue, trying to keep his sobs quiet. It felt like hours of uncontrollable crying before Peter finally calmed down. He was now very conscious of Michelle tracing circles in his palm with her thumb. “I’m sorry, Michelle, I really am,” Peter said. She was silent. “All I wanted was to have a normal relationship. But now you have to put up with this.”“Whoa,” Michelle said suddenly, pulling away as she did so. “Peter, this sucks, but you can work this out. You know I can't visit you like this every night--maybe never again, come to think of it--but you'll figure this out. I’m not gonna let this get in the way of me loving you. You hear me?”Peter nodded, although her words hadn't clicked inside his mind yet. “I also know that this is a pretty big deal and you can't always come to me for help, Peter.” She held his hand again. “Have you thought about talking to a therapist?”Peter avoided her eyes and nodded. “But that would mean telling Aunt May which would mean she'd freak out, and--”“Hey.” Michelle put a hand on the side of his head and gently turned him to face her. “If it's going to help you in the long run, you should do it, okay?”Peter thought for a moment, then nodded. She was right. Michelle smiled. “Promise me you'll do something about this? Because I want to help, but there's only so much I can do.” “I promise,” Peter said. Michelle pulled him into another hug. “Not to be cliché or whatever, but I love you, Peter. And, as your girlfriend, I'll, like, hold your hand as you fix yourself, alright?”Peter laughed and was suddenly glad that he had Michelle and they were close like this. “Thank you, MJ. And thanks for climbing all the way up to my window even though we could've had this talk over the phone.”Michelle laughed awkwardly. “Yeah, seriously, all my muscles hurt. You think your aunt would mind if I stayed the night?” Peter laughed again. “Oh, I'm sure she wouldn't have a cow if she found out the girl I'm dating spent the night without her knowing.”They laughed and pulled apart after awhile. For about an hour, they just held hands and talked, and Peter completely forgot about his dream. Michelle didn't leave until he was practically half asleep. She was about to leave through the window, but Peter insisted she use the front entrance and they snuck downstairs to the lobby together. When he returned to his bed, he was tired enough to fall asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow. No nightmares came to him this time--only good dreams.



Coffee Shop
Chapter Notes
Hey everyone, sorry about the wait! I've been gone the past week or so, so I didn't get as much time as I would've liked to work on this. Anyway, this is the last chapter, hope you enjoy and feel free to leave feedback!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Peter practically danced his way to school that Monday. He was both nervous and excited to get to school. The following morning of his nightmare and Michelle’s visit, he told Aunt May all about his nightmares. And, to his surprise, she handled it pretty well. Almost right away, she took him to see a therapist and he now had to visit three days a week, two of them allowing him to leave school early on Tuesday and Thursday. Finally, he could fix things--even if he couldn't completely get rid of this anxiety.
Now, Peter couldn't tell any more people about the fact that he was Spider-Man, so there was a bit of lying on that part. He'd had to think of an entire coverup story for that, and he was a little worried that his story wasn't convincing enough. But as soon as he started talking about his nightmares, it was easier to lie. He just hoped he could keep his identity secret.
One thing Peter didn’t do was contact Michelle. He didn't exactly avoid it; it's just that Aunt May had taken him shopping for a majority of the day. When they got back home, he was exhausted and had a couple missed calls from Michelle. He also had one from Ned, who texted asking if everything was alright. Out of guilt, Peter called Ned and decided to explain everything. He didn't handle it as well as Michelle, but Peter appreciated Ned’s little promise to protect Peter and remain a good friend. 
So, he was slightly anxious to see Michelle and Ned at school. It was difficult opening up to them because he really didn’t like showing weakness, but maybe things would be easier now.
As Peter dug through his locker, he caught sight of Ned out of the corner of his eye. Before he knew it, though, Ned wrapped him in a hug so tight he could barely breathe. 
“Whoa, Ned, what the heck?” Peter asked, appreciating the hug but also wishing it wasn't painful. 
Ned released him and nervously fiddled with the tassels on his hoodie. “I'm sorry, Peter, I just. . . You. . . You're. . .” He trailed off and then hugged Peter again, this time much more gentle.
“It's alright, Ned,” Peter said, laughing. “I'm getting help for all this. I just want everything to be normal again, y’know?”
“I know,” Ned protested. “I just wish you were okay and had told me sooner! You know I'm here for you always, okay? You're, like, the strongest person I know!” 
Peter heard that last part many times, especially since Ned was always the first person he came to when dysphoria struck. But every time he heard it, he believed it a little more. “Thanks, Ned.” He returned the hug with a smile, and there was silence for a moment. “Although, the hugs are getting kinda weird...”
“Sorry, sorry,” Ned said, breaking away and giving Peter a million dollar smile. His gaze shifted behind Peter and his smile faded a bit. “Michelle’s coming. Do you want me to...?” He gestured down the hall.
Peter shook his head. “Wha-- no, Ned, you’re like my ultimate wingman!”
Ned’s smile returned and he patted Peter’s shoulders. “Right. You can do this, Spider-Man.”
Peter smiled and turned around just as Michelle approached. She didn't look angry. Actually, she didn't really look anything, but that was fairly normal. And normal was good. “Sup, nerds?” 
“H-hey, Michelle,” Peter said, his heart doing a little tap dance as he leaned against the lockers and tried to look casual. 
“You didn't contact me yesterday,” she said, and then gave him a quizzical look. “You G?” 
“Y-yeah.” Peter looked at Ned, who gave him a ‘Does she know?’ look. Looking back at Michelle, he realized she shared a similar expression. He breathed in deep, wishing things weren't going this way. 
“Guys, I told you both about... you know what, but I want you to know that everything is under control. I think.” He paused and then shrugged that off. “You don't have to watch what you say around me, okay? I-I just want things to be normal.”
“Okay,” Michelle said simply, playfully punching Peter’s arm. “If you need to talk, feel free to call me.”
Ned smiled. “Me too. I'm terrible at advice, but I can listen.”
Peter smiled and felt his face go red. “I'll talk to both of you!” 
“Hey,” Michelle said, smiling, “how about the three of us go grab some coffee after school?”
“Promise I won’t be a third wheel?” Ned asked with a hint of worry.
“Don’t worry, Ned,” Peter said. “MJ would sooner die than--”
“Nope, you’re totally gonna be a third wheel,” Michelle said, cutting him off with a sly smile. 
Before Peter could ask, the bell rang and silenced all three of them. He grabbed his binder and they turned in the direction of their first period classes. He couldn’t help but feel an overwhelming amount of happiness and excitement. It was as if the weight over the past two months or so had finally decreased. Things weren’t perfect, but they were getting better.
******
	As the three of them worked on homework at the coffee shop, they laughed and talked about their favourite tv shows. Peter held a hot chocolate in his hands, while Michelle sipped her iced cappuccino and Ned snacked on a muffin. They’d just finished a debate about which of their favourite characters would win in a fight when Ned brought up the earlier conversation.
	“So, are you done with the whole “no pda” thing?” he asked, frowning. 
	Michelle looked at Peter and put down her drink. “Are we?” she asked, an eyebrow raised. 
	Peter felt his face go red and he shrugged. He put down the hot chocolate, afraid he’d drop it. “I-I mean, if it’s okay with you!” 
	Michelle chuckled softly, leaned closer to Peter, and gave him the softest little kiss on the forehead. Of course, they’d kissed much more passionately, but he couldn’t help but go red and glance worriedly over at Ned. His best friend, who was literally no more than four feet away from them, fake puked and said, “Oh god, I gotta run to the bathroom. I’m gonna barf.”
	All three of them laughed before Ned got up and said, “Seriously, though, I’ll be right back.” And then he disappeared into the washroom. 
	Peter avoided eye contact with Michelle and awkwardly scratched the back of his head. His face still burned red. “I, uh... I’m sorry about yesterday, I should’ve talked to you.”
	Michelle placed her hand over his. “It’s fine, Peter. You’re going through something pretty intense.” She smiled, and then quickly added, “But don’t ever do that again, or else.”
	They both laughed, and then Michelle leaned over again and kissed him, this time on the lips. It was a short but sweet kiss, and when Michelle pulled away, a blush appeared on her face and she met his eyes. “You mean the world to me, okay?” She said. “And I want you to be happy. And I would steal every star out of the sky, no matter how long it takes, just to be sure of that. And I hope…” she trailed off and laughed, rolling her eyes. “This is stupid.”
	“Wait wait wait, I don’t think it’s stupid,” Peter said, “I feel the exact same way about you. And I want to protect you. And ever since we started dating, you’re the only thing on my mind. And the--the thought of you makes my heart go crazy. But it also calms me, like-- like--” he paused, trying to think of something to compare the feeling to, but he couldn’t. Obviously, Michelle was more skilled at sounding poetic than he was. “Whatever; point is, dating you is the second best decision I’ve made in my life so far and if I ever do anything to hurt you, it’ll be the worst decision I’ve made.”
	After a shocked silence, “Wow” was all Michelle said. 
	Peter suddenly felt his gut twist and he began to wish he hadn’t said all that. At the same time, he meant every word of it. He loved her and those few sentences couldn’t even begin to describe exactly how he felt. Truth be told, he could go on forever. 
	But before his thoughts could wander too much, Michelle laughed. “Oh my god, we sound like two cheesy old people. But that was very sweet.” She paused, and when she spoke again her voice was lowered. “Thank you, Peter. I… feel the same way, or whatever.”
	Peter felt so relieved he could hardly think of what to say. “May I… May I kiss you?” he asked.
	“Of course, loser,” Michelle said with a smile. 
	Peter leaned forward, closed his eyes, and it was only seconds before the two of them were kissing and they were in their own world. It was as if the coffee shop had no other customers. But if there were, they didn’t care. And Peter couldn’t be happier where he was now. If he could pick one person to stay around for awhile, it would be Michelle. Right now, it was just the two of them. 
	At least until Ned walked in on them and fake puked.



Chapter End Notes
Thank you all so much for reading!! My first work on this site has been a success and I couldn't be more proud!! Anyway, I love these characters so much and I wanted to keep writing, but I knew it had to end sooner or later. If you liked this fic, don't worry! I'm thinking of writing more stories with these nerds (and yes, they will be shorter). Thank you again!!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



