



Yesterday Ill Cherish - nagi71 - Mo Dao Zu Shi - Mo Xiang
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Yesterday, I'll Cherish You
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/22156282.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
魔道祖师 - 墨香铜臭 | Módào Zǔshī - Mòxiāng Tóngxiù
Relationship:
Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī/Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn
Character:
Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī, Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn, Xuē Yáng | Xuē Chéngměi, Lán Yuàn | Lán Sīzhuī, Jiāng Chéng | Jiāng Wǎnyín, Jīn Líng | Jīn Rúlán, Jiāng Yànlí, Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén
Additional Tags:
Fluff, Angst, Additional Tags to Be Added, Time Anomaly, Pining, Alternate Universe
Collections:
MXTX Bang 2019
Stats:

        Published: 2020-01-07
          Completed: 2020-03-06
          Chapters: 36/36
        Words: 43073
      

Yesterday, I'll Cherish You
by nagi71
Summary
One summer night, Wei Wu Xian sees a white figure watching him from the shadows. Their eyes meet, but the man turns and walks off so he chases after him, hitting up a rather one-sided conversation. From then on, they somehow manage to meet up in a manner of odd coincidences. But his amusement ran low and nervousness spiked as other intentions formed.At least, he knew for sure he wasn’t the only one enamored.He was cute, especially when he looked so emotional at the smallest things. Lan Wang Ji had looked like such a prude, but once he got to know him, he was apparently a man who got close to tears from holding hands for the first time!--Inspired by a movie. The fic is in the span of 30 days + extras. Every day, WangXian go on different dates. Some secrets are revealed halfway through, and it's a challenge to see if they can enjoy their days together in happiness.
Notes
Thank you for clicking in to my MXTX Bang 2019 fic!I'll be uploading the first 31 chapters daily, and slowing down on the last four chapters.I got the honor to work with @BlackBerreh for the bang and the first artwork will be uploaded on the second chapter tomorrow!I hope you enjoy!!




Day 1
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Moonlight seeps through dark leaves, dancing as the wind blew, creating a beautiful shadow of different shades.In the darkness of those shadows, a glint of metal swings down and disappears. It reappears with a striking red ribbon fluttering in the air, dark mass of curly strands following it as the owner lands on the grassy field, staying for no longer than a split second before he vanished into the shadows once more.Loud, noisy clangs and harsh winds mixed with residue of spiritual energy rustled the leaves, a screech following the sound of metal piercing flesh, the grass stains with dark powder as the man jumps away and swipes his sword in the air to flick off most of the residue, holding it straight with the point towards the sky behind his back before he holds it down, a wide smile playing on his lips, silver eyes glimmering with pride and a flush of excitement. His steps are light as he approaches the defeated creature, pulling out a talisman to burn and purify it so the evil energy couldn’t come back.As he was about to sheath his sword back to his hip, he sees movement in the corner of his vision, and he immediately looks up.Standing there was a man in pure white, a sword strapped to his side, his silhouette tall and the shadows of his face showing a well-structured face. The clouds clear slowly, and trees rustle away to reveal the man fully, taking his breath away with a soundless gasp, lips thinned as his eyes trail. Light colored eyes shine under the moonlight, giving an almost golden gleam, highlighted by the light blue embroidery on his forehead ribbon, long and framing his back the same way his straight hair did.He was standing sideways, and he could infer that he had been passing by before their eyes met, his shoulders seeming to rise a bit before the man turned and walked off in the direction he had been headed before.Something unknown made Wei Wu Xian take a step forward, then, his feet unconsciously move another. As if bewitched, his legs start dashing forward to catch up with the handsome and ethereally beautiful man. He cannot help himself but follow after his shadow, running till he finally saw his back again, his breath catching as he reached an arm out, not touching but barely grazing the ends of his forehead ribbon as he gasps for air, shouting out loudly despite the silence.“Wait! ”Surprisingly, the other does. It takes him a few hops not to crash into his back, gathering another deep breath before he glides around him, standing in front of him so he could look him in the eyes, get a better look than he had from afar. He is surprised to see no expression on his face, and he’s not quite sure if this is simply his nature or if he did not like him and had no trust in him, or maybe he was annoyed for being called upon by some random person on a night hunt. Besides, he must look like a mess with his hair disheveled from running and jumping about, robes covered in dirt and he suddenly can feel the smear of something on his cheek, probably more dirt.“Hey, are you new here? Or are you passing by just for a night hunt?” He starts, wondering what he could say to make him stay and listen, a bright smile on his lips as he takes a step closer.“I saw you passing by, and you seemed to be alone so I wanted to talk to you. What’s your name? What do you say, let’s be friends. I live around here, so I can tell you where to go for a night hunt if you didn’t already have one planned. If you’ve moved to stay here, we can meet up again! Tomorrow even.” He pauses, his tongue working its magic as usual, but something about how his stomach feels is a bit more jumpy, a little more nervous, lips in a thin smile when he doesn’t get much of a reaction. Maybe it was simply his normal facial expression to have none.“Ah, my name is Wei Ying, courtesy name Wei Wu Xian.”It wasn’t like him, but for some reason, today, he feels as if he were struck by lightning with how breathless he is left after simply looking at his face, only gaining his breath when he bows and eyes tear away from him. More surprisingly, for once, he isn’t all bright smiles but an awkward, almost wordless disposition.Wei Wu Xian is trying his best not to show how horrible of a mess the inside of his head is, but he feels as if he can almost see a smile in his eyes, and it was beautiful, even more than he could possibly imagine. He thinks he wants to see that smile reach his lips one day, no matter what it took, even if he were to act a little mad in order to get him to let them curve up in pure interest or happiness.Maybe… Maybe he wouldn’t mind letting him be next to him and be the one to make him smile…  Would he? “You will see me tomorrow.”The words jerk him out of his own thoughts, and he immediately perks up with interest. Those were odd choices of words, but he can only assume that meant he was living around here now and they would meet again.Suddenly, he feels a warm surge in his chest, eyes lighting up as the butterflies in his stomach calms, as if those words were enough to reassure him that he did not creep the other out, and he wasn’t being pushed away or hated for disturbing him. If anything, does that mean he wants to be friends? A bright smile takes over his face at the thought, a wide, toothy grin replacing it as he gives a nod. “Tomorrow!” he answers back, and watches as the other bows- and he bows back, before the man disappears into the thick forest and he’s left standing there, thinking about his shadow, feeling light on his feet and incredibly happy, yet he felt like he was missing something.He… He wasn’t given a name to remember him by.Oh no, he didn’t get a name!



Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 2
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





The sun blazes its rays against land and water, the flowing river sparkling like jewels as the skies are clear without a cloud in sight.

Wei Wu Xian hums to himself as he dips his brush into a pot of ink, black dripping from the end which he swipes off before he puts it down on paper, drawing the scenery around him and painting it dark, the trees that surround him, the river which flowed and with crossed legs, he enjoys the soft breeze and sound that nature gives him, soothing him as he worked on his piece, undisturbed by anyone.

At least, that was true until the man from last night appeared on the other side of the river,

Jumping up onto his feet, he had tossed the brush aside. “It’s you!” He shouts before he skipped closer to the water, waving his arms exaggeratedly with excitement, a shine in his eyes. He didn’t expect to actually meet him again so soon, so seeing the other stand there staring at him made him giddy enough to jump all the way over to his side of the river, greeting him enthusiastically.

Lan Wang Ji greets him back with a small nod of his head and a very soft word, but he feels a mild warmth when he can hear the barely audible smile in his voice, even see it on the ends of his lips, something he didn’t expect after the more stoic expressions from the day before.

Even his gaze was a touch softer than yesterday, making his heart race faster as he stands in in presence.

“What a coincidence! I didn’t think I’d see you again so soon.” He smiles wide, leaning his body forward slightly. “Honestly though, how did you know I’d be here? Were you stalking me by any chance?”

The man blinks twice at him, then he looks almost pleased by his rambling for some reason, but he can’t put a finger on why. After all, it was just a hunch, and the man looked as peerless as ever, pristine white robes making him look like an immortal being descended from the high mountains, somewhere up from the skies.


Hmm?

 He wasn’t replying to his question.

“I know, I know, it’s a joke. Don’t be mad, okay? I know you must have just been taking a walk.”

His attempt to tone down whatever it was the other was thinking and brush away the awkward mood seemed to fail. It was ignored instead as the man’s gaze was moved elsewhere. Following it, he realized he was staring at the mess behind him—the tools he laid out, brushes and little pots of ink balanced on flat stone by the riverside.

Grinning, he beckons him to follow as he finds the rocks that he deemed safe to step on, hopping all the way to the other side with small steps. When he turned around to check-up on him, he felt a bubble of laughter rise in his throat as he watched the other lift the hem of his robes slightly as he stepped onto each stone, crossing the river with a grace that the other held so naturally, it was… for the lack of new words— beautiful.

It’s a wonder how he didn’t get his shoes wet though, because even Wei Wu Xian could feel a wet spot from water splashing in the river’s current, seeping into his socks.

“I’m actually into art- believe it or not! After I got my own place to live, I got bored of having nothing to do but plowing soil and hunting pheasants I decided to go ahead and try to plant some flowers to charm…” Wait, does he want to tell this person he was flirting around using his garden? No, he probably didn’t. “Flowers. To, uhh, grow! This and that happened, too long to explain and I started attempting to make ink.” He waves a hand at the pots.

“Okay, so the short story is, the uncles selling them in town were totally ripping me off, thinking I didn’t know how to haggle! So I asked around town, and the ladies were nice enough to tell me how they made their rogue, then I tried that concept the same way, but without drying it on paper but leaving it as liquid. I’m pretty proud of my creation. I even sell them~”

Picking up one of the pots, he holds it out and uses his other hand to open the lid for the other to see, a dark red liquid sloshing inside at the movement.

“For now I have red and purple, I’m attempting to make blue, but it won’t come out as dark as I want it to it’s really frustrating.” His brows furrow, and he moves around to bring the small pot he opens to show a dark-looking liquid almost black, shining blue under the sunlight. “It should look almost black just like the red and purple, but this one still looks light even when in the pot. When I draw it out-” He picks up a brush, dips it in and draws across one of the papers he brought, leaving a streak of colour lacking pigment.

“It’s really light. Although that’s not necessarily bad, and I do like the colour, it’s just not strong enough. The darker the better, then I can lighten it up later, but it’s hard to find a flower that gives as much colour as red roses do.”

Opening his mouth, he wants to ramble on about the different flowers he’s been using, but shuts it mechanically when he realizes he was rambling, the only one doing all the talking, pursing his lips and waving his hand dismissively.

“Anyways, that’s not important is it?” Wei Wu Xian bends down to put down the pots, kneeling on his little mat and brushing off a part, patting the space in gesture for him to take a seat. “Your name. You still haven’t told me your name,” he starts, tilting his head with a hum. “Let me guess… I want to say you have Lan in your name! Lan, the beauty of flowers! So? How close am I?”

The shine in the other’s eyes make him blink, taken aback.

“Was I right?”

“Mm. Lan Zhan.”

“Lan… Zhan. It’s not this Lan though, is it? That’s not a surname.

 Usually.

”

Wei Wu Xian handed him the paper and brush, watching as he knelt on the mat and wrote down his name. Of course, he gives him a new brush with black ink. He’s not rude enough to give him the red stained brush.

“Lan Zhan… By the way, this is my name.”

He takes the brush and forms down characters of his name. “Wei Ying. Oh, wait, let me add on. Courtesy name, Wei, Wu, Xian.” With quick strokes, he easily brushes down his name and smiles up at the other, holding the paper up high.

The man takes it and the brush again after a motioning gesture, writing on another name on the paper before giving it back.

“Lan Wang Ji?” Interesting, a little unexpected. “I was wondering, but I’ve never seen you at any sect meetings before, but you’re a cultivator, right?” He can feel the light hum of restrained power and the sword strapped to his side wasn’t anything common or cheap- the craftsmanship was brilliant and even the design was beautiful, probably not something a nameless cultivator can get their hands on, but he had never heard his name before in his life. If he had a position high enough to earn such a sword, he can only imagine the man would have been famous since childhood among the few number of cultivators with talent.

He stares at the Lan, but finds his gaze looking away soon after. “But I suppose it’s been years since the last time I involved myself in those.” Smiling in ease, he shakes his head to put those thoughts aside, putting down the paper to rewrite their names, practicing the other’s names so he remembers them.

“Lan Zhan, Lan Wang Ji.” He peeks up, and suddenly feels confused and worried when he sees hints of conflict in his expression, wondering what was wrong. Maybe he didn’t like him calling him by his given name, maybe he was being too friendly? It’s only been a day since they first met, stupid- really stupid. But then again, he did tell him it was ‘Lan Zhan’ first, so he couldn’t be fully blamed for his choice. When he peeks up from writing, he sees a gentle look in his eyes, nodding his head.

Oh, his cheeks feel a bit warm.

“Lan Wang Ji, Lan Zhan… They are nice names.” It really was a good name, fitting his person a lot and the atmosphere he held. They say one grows to adopt the personality of their names— and he can’t help but think that the other has done that very well.








Chapter End Notes
First Bang art by @BlackBerreh!!!! I'm... in love ;u;Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!


Day 3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





“Woah!”

Steadying himself before he falls back onto the floor, Wei Wu Xian looks up with wide eyes and curses ready on the tip of his tongue, only to find that he had bumped right into Lan Wang Ji, who made them all dissipate in seconds. After all, none of the word choices he had were suitable for someone like the Lan, especially not if he was trying to make a good impression and become close.

“Lan Zhan! You nearly had me falling over.” He teases, eyes narrowed before grinning. “What are you doing? Are you out to buy something?”

“I’m sorry.” The man stares at him silently for a few seconds before he shook his head ‘no’. Wei Wu Xian simply laughs at the awkward silence that he is. “Where are you going then?” He asks, taking one step closer. He wonders if Lan Wang Ji had been running, because otherwise, why else would he have bumped into him so suddenly? Then again, he doesn’t remember seeing Lan Wang Ji walking towards him. If anything, he just appeared out of nowhere, from the corner of a store, stepping right out only to crash into each other.

Pushing the thought aside, he waves his hand to beckon him over, then points towards the direction he was headed before they bumped into each other, a grin on his face.

“If you’re simply walking around aimlessly and don’t have anything better to do, I’m headed for my shop right now. Want to come along? I’ll give you a tour!”

Lifting his head, Lan Wang Ji nods with a soft sound to agree. Wei Wu Xian grin wider, leading the way there, all the while pointing out a few stores he should check out for things he needed if he were living here. When they reach his store, he slams the door open and relishes the surprised sound the boy inside makes as he drops the candy he was caught sneaking from the pile Wei Wu Xian had meticulously hid away as prizes for when he actually did something good.

Well, he needed to find a new hiding spot.

“Xue Yang! If you keep eating those candies, there’s no point in it being a reward, is there? You’re going to rot your teeth!”

Ever since he picked him up as a child chasing after that stupid man’s carriage for a simple plate of treats, he found there was little he couldn’t convince with the promise of something to satisfy his sweet-tooth. Even so, Wei Wu Xian knew he spoiled the boy rotten by sneaking him snacks and candy every so often, sometimes pretending it was by accident or that he hadn’t done it. He was sure the other noticed, but neither of them said or commented on the game of ignorance, merely smiles and playful taunts.

“

So?

 It’s a few pieces of candy, not even that many. I could eat a dozen more,” he speaks in between a mouthful of hard candy, rolling it on his tongue and biting it gently with his teeth, his speech not quite straight because of it.

Wei Wu Xian simply rolls his eyes as he walks in to allow the Lan to follow, ignoring the boy to show him the interior of the shop, pointing out the shelves of ink and a few with paper he was selling for an old lady since she couldn’t stay at the shop all day without feeling tired. “So, it’s a share in business you could say. I sell her papers with my ink, I get papers to use myself and some fruits occasionally for free.”

“The pots were made by second uncle from down the aisle. Their pottery is cheap and reasonable in price, but I’m great at haggling, and it’s a joint effort, so I get them cheaper than they really are to sell my stuff as cheap as possible. Don’t think I don’t give him enough money though! I definitely pay him back if I get lots of sales!” He doesn’t need to explain himself, but he does anyway, where Lan Wang Ji simply listens and nods, giving responses that weren’t quite enthusiastic, but it was obvious that he was listening intently, since he seemed to follow everything.

Xue Yang hovers over the counter, crushing the candy in between his teeth, staring at the two acting as if this store was am exhibit rather than a plain old ink store that was like any other store along this whole marketplace. When the two come closer to the counter, he leans down on the top and hooks his finger on Wei Wu Xian’s belt, pulling him back an inch so he could whisper lowly.

“Did you threaten him to come with you? He seems like too good of a catch.”

Obviously, the teen was suspicious of the Lan’s presence, peeking at him from head to toe from behind Wei Wu Xian. But most of all, he’s more suspicious of what Wei Wu Xian had done to get such a prestigious looking young master to come into such a small shop in the middle of nowhere.

Despite having no recognition for sects or their names himself, he had a good idea what those delicate robes and pretty face meant, along with the intricate engravings on the sheath of his sword, he stood out like a sore thumb. His youth as well, he couldn’t believe he was only baby-faced because of young age with the way he stuck to Wei Wu Xian and looked at him when Wei Wu Xian wasn’t looking.

It annoyed him that Wei Wu Xian was able to act so normal and look fitting when standing beside the man, although he would stubbornly mutter that he didn’t. It felt odd to see someone he knew for so long to have such a different image simply because he was standing next to someone who made them look like they came from another world.

Besides… He also didn’t like the way he was sticking close to his guardian, whether or not he was a good person.

Xue Yang easily dodges out of the way when a hand came down to smack him over the head, the attempt failed. When his smack turns into a slam against the countertop, the man can only hope the cultivator doesn’t ask him too much about what happened, ushering him away to a different side to tell him another story.

It still irked the teen, the way he looked at Wei Wu Xian far too often whenever chance allowed him. This was too much for his comfort. The man even dared gave him an icy glare behind his guardian’s peripheral vision when he smacked his supposed guardian on the back and touched him on the shoulder, or even as he leaned in to show him notes of orders and some memos the elderly left for him. They were painfully sharp, enough that he could feel a chill down his spine when he leaned closer to test his theory.

And god, he can smell the thick vinegar from the other side of the shop, all his senses staining with the sour smell. This was gross, and the teen simply wants them both out of the shop as soon as possible. Yet, the man in question was completely oblivious to the other two occupant’s troubles and non-verbal attacks. Wei Wu Xian simply shows the Lan around the store and he even goes as far as to show him the storage room where they kept the process going, acting as a crafting room as well.

Xue Yang genuinely wants to gag when Wei Wu Xian trips with his feet catching on a loose board, Lan Wang Ji catching him by the waist and they stand, hand against chest and his guardian flustered.

He notices also, how Wei Wu Xian keeps peeking at the man when he thinks he’s not looking, while Lan Wang Ji literally doesn’t take his eyes off of his guardian anymore. Something about the way he is glared at almost feels childish, the way he is trying to assert some sort of dominance over the man as if he would come steal him, staring at Wei Wu Xian like nothing else in the room mattered. As Wei Wu Xian continued to talk about random things, golden eyes trailed after the man constantly, nodding his head diligently to every word and new information. The tipping point was Wei Wu Xian asking if their ink was pretty, and Lan Wang Ji had the gall to nod and stare straight into the man’s eyes, telling him this without a hint of shame.

“Very pretty.”

The teen was on the verge of pulling his sword out and stabbing the man through the gut, along with Wei Wu Xian’s as he started blushing and getting flustered as he tries to explain something else that wasn’t in the room. He hated it.

Although he believes in no god, he does want to 

pray

 for mercy. Spare his eyes and ears, possibly his soul.

“Lan Zhan, sit and stay for a little longer. I want to continue talking.” That was when he realized his agony would last the whole day. Wei Wu Xian serves him tea and the little bit of mercy he gets is that they sit on the other side of the room, and all he had to do was look away, ignore them as he picks at the new pile of sweets that appeared on the counter at some point. He glares at the man anyways, even if he knew this was his silent attempt to persuade him to shut up and also as a stand-in apology.

A crunch of candy under his teeth, he ignores them to kick the air in his seat on the table, overhearing useless blabber and information he hadn’t even known about the other, looking at the two warily.

Not long after, Lan Wang Ji suddenly stopped the conversation. That was a breath of fresh air, and the sudden silence catches his attention more than the rambling and constant hums from the other man. He even lets out a ‘finally’ under his breath. They stood, and he watches quietly from the corner of his eyes, leaning further on the counter, listening in.

“Do you have to go?”

Looking outside, the sky has changed colors, the moon peeking out in the sky as reddish orange light colored the town.

“Must you?”

“Mm. Our sect has strict rules.”

“That’s… Too bad.”

Xue Yang makes a silent gagging motion at Wei Wu Xian from behind Lan Wang Ji, earning a disapproving look but he couldn’t care less.

“Tomorrow, we will meet again.”

Wei Wu Xian brightens visibly and steps up closer, smiling.

“Okay.”

They fight, if it could be considered fighting when it was just Wei Wu Xian whining quietly and insisting he should at least send him till the end of the street when he made him stay in his shop for so long, but Lan Wang Ji insists like the good man Xue Yang knows he pretends to be. In the end, the man stays back to close up with the boy because he can’t find any more words to say when the cultivator tells him he can take care of himself. Wei Wu Xian waves him off at the door and sighs loudly as he leans against the frame with a love struck expression.

“When did you decide where to meet tomorrow? I thought you said you two bumped into each other just before coming here.”

“We didn’t.”

“… What?”

“We didn’t.” He repeats. “I have this weird feeling, but I think we’ll bump into each other again tomorrow anyways. So, I didn’t make any plans. We’ve bumped into each other without meaning to for the past two days, why not again? I’m counting on fate!” This time, maybe he truly is teasing the boy. Then again, maybe not, because it was true that they’ve met every day, even if it’s only three, without prompting before.

Xue Yang finally snaps and the short knife strapped under his sleeve on his forearm is released, stabbing into the poor wooden table right to him, the paper on top now having a gaping hole ripped into them.

“Hey?! Stop destroying the store!”




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!


Day 4
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





The next day, Wei Wu Xian drags a huge tub full of clothes down to the river, tossing it down to the ground.

Filling it up with water, he crouches down on the floor and starts scrubbing at them, flapping some out to smack against a nearby, clean rock. This goes on for a while when he hears footsteps approaching from behind, stopping beside him. He sees from the corner of his vision white robes, and he grins up from his work.

“Lan Zhan, you’re here again.”

His hand is covered in bubbles, so he only lifts them high enough to drip before he dunks them back in, picking up another cloth to scrub. “I forgot I had so much piled up, so I have to do them now. I can’t take you into town today, but I’m glad to see you,” he says with a smile, one that dropped to raise a brow when the Lan pulls out some ribbons and ties his sleeves back, crouching down beside him.

“Wait, wait wait wait! You don’t have to!” If anything, this is weird! He’s nice enough to help with laundry? Really? This man is weird after all.

“It’s not a problem.”

“It’s a problem for me!”

The Lan stops and looks up at him just before his fingers touch the water, giving a look that questions why it would be a problem when he’s just trying to help. It makes Wei Wu Xian sigh, dropping the cloth he had in hand back down, sloshing the water inside. “Because I don’t want to make you work?” That definitely sounds odd, and he knows it should because normally, he would never say no to help. But this time, when he looks at the usually perfect robes held up, wondering what if he gets all soapy.

Mmm… He doesn’t hate the idea. It just felt a little wrong to make him do it.

“Really, you don’t have to.” He reaches out and takes his hand to move away, only to realize he just covered his whole hand in soap, looking up at him sheepishly. The Lan just sighs and wordlessly picks one of his robes and brings it to the water, scrubbing it softly. His stubbornness wins and Wei Wu Xian just huffs through his nose before they both get back to work, silently washing his clothes while smacking them from time to time.

Peeking at the Lan from the corner of his eyes, he wonders why he bothers doing such little tasks with him. When he looked down, he couldn’t help but chuckle, revealing his sneaky peeking.

“Pffft, you’re surprisingly lazy too.”

Wei Wu Xian points at the half-beaten clothes put side to the ‘finished’ pile, and the Lan makes a look that seems to be confused at first, and a strange look of recognition after looking up and down before he narrowed his eyes as if annoyed.

“Not saying it’s bad! That’s how I wash my clothes too, really. So don’t worry about it!” He grins, and when he goes back to his work cleaning, he hears the other softly mumble, “I was taught to do it this way.” Another laugh erupts from his lips, shaking his head.

“Oh, I guess the person you’re with is a lot like me, ey?”

“Mm. Very much like you.”

The comment makes him pause to stare before slowly going back to work.

Maybe he was so easy to spend time with because the other was used to spending time with people like him. Although, he had no idea how the other grew up to be so stiff and blank-faced if he had been around someone like him. Maybe it wasn’t for a very long time? A distant family member he met only a handful of days a year? No, you wouldn’t be doing laundry with a cousin, so it had to be someone outside of the family, especially with his status. An outsider, someone who does the laundry and was close enough to teach him, albeit a lazy way. Maybe it was a lover or his partner of some sort… He doesn’t want to think about this anymore.

“Wei Ying.”

“Hmm?”

Pulled out of his thoughts, he blinks in surprise as a finger comes swipe at his nose. His eyes shut for a few seconds and when opened, he spots some bubbles on the other’s finger, wiped away on his white robes.

Heat takes over his face, and he looks away, aggressively wringing the white robe in his hand tight to get rid of his jumping nerves.

When they were done, Wei Wu Xian poured the water into the earth far from the river and piles all his clothes back into it. Carrying the full basket, the man lets his thoughts wander again, wondering why Lan Wang Ji insists on spoiling him so much. Maybe it was just how he acted towards friends, maybe he was just nice. Maybe… He can’t help but give side glances as they walked away from the river, pressing his lips together.

“Lan Zhan?”

“Mm.” He answers with a hum almost immediately, making his lips tilt in a gentle smile. He liked his presence, a lot.

“Do you want to go night hunting with me tomorrow?”

There’s a small pause, light coloured eyes glancing away in thought before he looks back and agrees with a nod. Wei Wu Xian gives a big grin and his steps are a bit higher, a bit quicker before he slows down to match the Lan, the smile on his face never ending and wide. It’s been a long time since he went night hunting in general, but night hunting with someone else would be fun. Too bad he hasn’t heard of any news, no longer within the circle of cultivators to gather information. That’s fine- a few beasts from the mountains for a day would make for good exercise at the least.

Along the walk, they decide on a time, but Lan Wang Ji apparently couldn’t be with him until after midnight, so they decided to night-hunt close by where they could get back before then. “Why can’t you stay after zi shi? You always go home so early. You’re not a child anymore, they can’t keep you locked in.” He inquires, but all he got was “My Sect is strict about curfew.”

That seemed a little silly, for a sect to do that to cultivators who need to night hunt and gain experience, but he didn’t question it too much, knowing that there were some of those sects out there that must have strict rules so that their cultivators don’t run around causing trouble. Not that he could ever see him making trouble, but there must be some reason behind it if he was going to be so stubborn. Besides, he got the other to agree to go out with him this time. Finally, he had a sure promise that they would meet again.

They’re nearby Wei Wu Xian’s house when Lan Wang Ji stops and says he will leave and go back home. Wei Wu Xian pouts a little, wishing he would come inside. After all, he even helped him with laundry. The least he could do was serve him some tea. However, seeing as the other was adamant about going, he smiles wryly and nods, waving the other goodbye, watching his back as he walks off, his white forehead ribbon fluttering in the air.

He really wants to play with it.




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!


Day 5
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





They meet up near the forest early in the evening, mounting their swords and flying to the nearest mountain to hunt for beasts.


It’s not too close but still a distance they could have walked if they had more time, barely reaching the border of the forest. Not much happens because there weren’t much to slay in the first place. He lived here, and he knew the feng shui around here was pretty good, so the amount of demonic creatures were also few, although the mountains weren’t completely free of them. There’s little action and little to solve, merely eradicating a few runaway beasts that didn’t even stand a chance against two high-leveled cultivators, which they both realized soon enough.


At least they were helping the nearby village get rid of the ones ploughing through their fields at night, right?


When they were finished killing off what they could find and saw no more lurking about, they called it a day and started walking down the mountain path, until Wei Wu Xian decided this was way too little fun for what they could really be doing. They hadn’t been able to bring out their full potential, there is no way this felt good at all. It was boring, kind of tiring in the wrong way, no excitement whatsoever.


“Lan Zhan! Duel with me.”


Again, he comes to face how much the other spoiled him as the man simply raised a brow before giving a nod, complying with his random requests, pulling out Bi Chen, the name he gave at the start of the evening. Sui Bian reflects the light brighter as he pulls it out, giving it another test swing and holding it to his back.


They stare at each other, silent as they breathe in.


It may have been a rustle of leaves from the wind, or maybe the way the moon was covered by clouds before they cleared to shine upon them. As soon as one movement was made, they jumped into action.


Sui Bian came down in a heavy blow from the top, blocked and parried with a loud clang. Lan Wang Ji jumps back and away from him to regain his grip before charging in again. The man grins widely as he jumps back and dodges each of his thrusts and slashes with his body alone, using his sword to block only when the blade comes too close.


When Wei Wu Xian moves to send a thrust to his shoulder, Lan Wang Ji bends to slash at his legs, causing the man to take back his sword and stumble away.


They continued to fight, in the dark and sometimes under the bright moonlight streaming down. Wei Wu Xian makes use of the shadows and his agility to jump back and forth into reach while Lan Wang Ji’s perfect stance and experience helps him gauge the other’s reaction and guess his next move, both anxiously waiting for one of them to show an opening that they knew wouldn’t come easy.


It is one small step, Wei Wu Xian sees the movements as Lan Wang Ji kicks him back. But he doesn’t notice the strength of his swing and Sui Bian flies away from his grip, his body suddenly unsteady with the change of balance.


His whole world spins as he feels a hand against his chest, shoving him down and Bi Chen stabbing close to his ears, pinned down on the ground by sharp golden eyes and an unnerving amount of strength against his chest. He blinks, once, then twice, slowly as he breathes the air he had lacked in movement.


Then, he smiles softly.


“Lan Zhan, you’re amazing.” He says breathlessly, gaze soft as he lets his arms rest on the ground. “Really, where are you from? Where were you all this time? Did you come down from the mountains like my mother did? Is that why I’ve never heard of you? Or did you train alone, maybe? With a hidden master that retired? Hmm… That sounds plausible too. I don’t recognize that style of swordplay, though.”


Wei Wu Xian closes his eyes and hears the soft ring of Bi Chen’s blade as it is pulled out of the ground, listening to the comforting sound of the sword scratching its scabbard as it entered. He finds comfort in the warm hand extended towards him when he opened his eyes, taking it without hesitation to jump right back onto his feet with a good-natured smile, patting his robes down.


After he picks Sui Bian back up, they walk down the mountain before mounting their swords, flying back to the village in no time. They go through the forest by foot once they land, towards Wei Wu Xian’s home with barely a few words exchanged, mostly just Wei Wu Xian saying the first thing that comes to mind.


It’s too soon when Lan Wang Ji has to go.


Standing there, he watches after the man, his leaving back getting further away, step by step. Each passing second seemed to have an equivalent exchange of an unknown weight in his chest, restricting his breathing.


Before he can stop himself, he chases after him, stretching his arm out to grab hold onto his sleeve and tugging him back towards him. ‘

Don’t go

’, the words are in his head but never reaches the tip of his tongue, more embarrassed when he sees the Lan staring at him with mild surprise. Lan Wang Ji stops for him, a calm, patient look taking over when he was no longer taken aback by Wei Wu Xian’s sudden actions, seemingly understanding something even Wei Wu Xian had no idea of. He takes a silent, shuddering breath in, his heart drumming a mile per second, loud in his ears as words stayed stuck in his throat.



What does he want to do?!



“Nothing. I don’t know why I did that.”


Wei Wu Xian quickly lets go, having no reason to hold onto him any longer. He’s a bit upset he can’t find the answer right away, but he knows he’s not enjoying watching him leave all the time, and it feels weird. He’s used to running here and there, meeting new people and saying goodbyes, be it for a night, a week, months, or even forever. Yet, when he saw the Lan’s retreating back, it gave him a flash of an unexpected memory, something he didn’t want to think about, and he didn’t want to be left alone anymore.


He doesn’t need to tell him where they should meet, he’s certain they will see each other again tomorrow. He’s sure- but where is that certainty coming from? Even if he was interested, that didn’t necessarily mean the other wanted to see him every day. It wasn’t as if he thought the other hated him- on the contrary, Lan Wang Ji seemed to like him quite a lot, which was surprising on its own. He wanted to see him again, but he couldn’t find it in himself say it out loud from the very first day…


“See you tomorrow…?”


It sounds so weak and so desperate, he wants to slap himself.


But when the cultivator turns around and looks at him, golden eyes somehow softer than usual, his heart stops and he even feels a little faint when he gives him a soft ‘Mm’, his fingers loosening its grip and left alone in the forest, watching as the bright light of white disappear from his vision.


He stands there a little longer, puzzling over what had just happened.




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!
You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 6
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





This time they see each other in the middle of Wei Wu Xian working at his store, for once, and he waves at the Lan widely and jumps over the counter which he cleared with a large swoop of his arm, coming in front of him with a smile.


Maybe his thoughts had been conveyed a little too well, or he worried the man a little with his uncharacteristic actions, and the Lan came to see him deliberately for that.


He’s happy, but that’s also a little awkward to think about.


“Will you show me around?”


The unexpected invitation came from Lan Wang Ji himself, and Wei Wu Xian couldn’t keep his excitement under control. It was excitement but also a little bit of nervousness that brimmed and tickled his skin, clearing the table and calling Xue Yang back out front from the storage room to take over the store. The boy took the job without too much complaint as he promised they were going out, not staying inside the store. This time, he is able to land a light smack to his back for his snarky comment about them finally leaving and not burning his sight, grinning madly at his yelp of pain.


Lan Wang Ji admits to being new here, which he had expected. After all, he has never seen him around before. So, Wei Wu Xian decides to point out every store on the street to tell him about them, which store is good and where they have stingy owners who will ask to pay more than necessary, all the while walking down the road with their distance closed so they could talk without shouting.


“You need to be careful, or they’ll take everything for granted!”


“Mm.”


“Oh, that teahouse is really good, by the way. Do you like sweets?”


“On occasion.”


They talk more, go around the whole morning market.


“The store here sells really great jian bing. Want to try some? I’ll order you the same toppings I always get, but do you like spicy food?”


“Will eat.”


He orders for them, once each. If Lan Wang Ji was feeling hot from the chilli paste they put in, he wasn’t showing it other than the initial, light cough into his hand.


Next, he points out another store with sweets, buying them both one and smiles to himself when this time, Lan Wang Ji looks less tense and seems to even enjoy the treat, even if he barely shows it. The fact that he was eating it meant that it had to taste good, right? “What do you think? Isn’t it sweet and tasty?” He asks, and gets a hum in response after he finished the food in his mouth.


When he’s done leading the Lan through one of the streets, the man offers to walk Wei Wu Xian through the forest and he agrees, letting himself be led. On the way, Wei Wu Xian is shockingly quiet, speaking the bare minimum and constantly drifting off. He can’t help himself as his mind runs on different ways to invite the Lan out again tomorrow, wondering what he could say or do, what excuse he could make just to see him again. What could they do, what should they see, there were so many things, but he can’t help but want to do them all with Lan Wang Ji, unable to choose one.


“Wei Ying.”


Surprised, his shoulders jump in place before he raises his head, giving a soft hum to show he’s listening.


“Tomorrow… After zi shi, would you like to go night hunting?”


Huh? Oh… 

Oh.



“So, the next day?” he asks dumbly, though he convinces himself it sounds like he’s asking for clarification.


“Mm.”


That he was asked by Lan Wang Ji himself after being told he was not allowed out late, it meant that he had persuaded people back at his sect to stay out… For him. His chest feels warm, but there’s a little part of him that wonders if that means he won’t see Lan Wang Ji tomorrow. That’s a bit sad, since he wanted to see him every day. A whole day without him around sounded long.


But if it meant spending the whole night out night-hunting with Lan Wang Ji...


“Yes! Let’s go somewhere further and do something exciting!”


“Mm.”


A soft, very slight smile graces Lan Wang Ji’s lips and he returns it with his own wide one, stopping in his steps and turning around so he was facing him, taking two steps back.


“You can stop here. See you soon!”




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!
You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 7
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





“Huh, what are you doing here, Lan Zhan?”

Planning to rest until he had to go out at night for the hunt, Wei Wu Xian had slept in bed until the sun was high up, shining through the seams of his wooden windows. But he couldn’t help but want to run around and move his body once he woke up, and maybe take a nap under the warm sun, feeling unnaturally cold in his spacious room.

It was a great idea, he thinks, seeing as he bumped into Lan Wang Ji who was sitting on the grass meditating, light coloured eyes glancing up at him once before going back to it.

Seeing as he wasn’t told to leave, he sits behind him, legs crossed and meditates with him, breathing deep, channelling his qi and circulating it, strengthening it as he remembers being taught by a warm voice and guiding hands on his shoulder. The thing is, meditating was never really his thing. It was quiet, it required little body movement yet required a lot of mental strength and focus. He could do it, but it still made him tired and bored.

Soon enough, Wei Wu Xian is lolling his head, and he has surely fallen asleep in his position.

When he gains consciousness once more, he sees the world as a bunch of trees and a wide open sky, grass beneath his weight, soft under his fingers. Turning his head quietly, he sees Lan Wang Ji sitting next to him, a guqin placed on his lap as fingers plucks at the strings, creating a humming tune in his ear. The air is filled with a gentle flow of qi, and he breathes in the soft scent of sandalwood that he started to notice was constantly there around the other, feeling it calm his senses with the gentle song, closing his eyes one more time, falling yet again into a deep sleep for the next few hours.

The next time he opens his eyes, it’s because he feels a hand shake him awake.

By the time he pushes himself up, groggily wiping at his eyes with his sleeve, the daylight is almost gone. He no longer sees the Lan anywhere, but he turns his head just in time to see the ending trail of his white ribbon fluttering into the darkness at a distance. They could have just went together, he thinks, but he was still blinking his sleep away, so didn’t think too hard on it as he stretched out his limbs, popping them before he lets his arms down, staring at the direction the cultivator left in.

He must have gone to get ready, he thinks, and walks back home to get ready himself, changing into tighter sleeves and strapping on his handguard, Sui Bian on his hip and the laces of his boots tightened. He thinks about this afternoon again, how he had fallen asleep so easily, then the vague memory of Lan Wang Ji playing the qin, falling asleep to it as if it were a lullaby. That was the best and longest sleep he’s had in ages, he almost wonders if his body is up for moving vigorously with how relaxed he felt.

No, no, it has to be. It’s his first chance to actually show off his true skills in front of Lan Wang Ji and he wants to impress.




Chapter End Notes
The next chapter will be up in... 8 hours-ish, just to give the same effect as to why I'm posting this daily. Hence, back after a good night's sleep. I hope you enjoy!Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 8
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





A short incense time after midnight, they meet up at the spot they designated the day before.

Wei Wu Xian yawns lightly as they hop onto their swords, lifting themselves up into the broad sky, flying east where he heard was a wild beast running amok, hurting civilians in the process of tearing the forest down. It was fast and wild, a few villagers already hurt in the process. It was a small village however, so none of the bigger sects were able to get to them yet, having much more important things to do.

The way there took a while, and Wei Wu Xian got bored and started flying loops, speeding up before slowing down, playing around like a child.

“Stop playing.” The exasperated voice called out, but Wei Wu Xian merely grins as he flies over to the Lan, hovering in front of him, keeping Sui Bian moving at the same speed so they didn’t bump into each other.

“Why not? I’m bored, and I’m still keeping up, aren’t I?”

He grins wide when the Lan merely purses his lips, flipping back in the air and laughing as he started to slow down. He did have to save energy, he supposes, but he can’t help the excitement of being in the air for such a long time again, the breeze hitting his face and throwing his hair back away from his face. It was cold, he couldn’t smell the trees up here but he felt water vapour enter his lungs, the sound of the wind whizzing past his ear and the slap of his robes when he rolled in the air.

Then he feels it, the sudden push of air against his back as something flies past him at a greater speed. He blinks, and laughs out loud as he follows after the white robed man, catching up with his speed once more.

“I thought you didn’t want to play?”

“Hm.”

With a huff, the man sped up even further, and somehow they ended up in a stubborn game of chase and then to a race, both of them touching ground at the same time. They continued with Wei Wu Xian refusing to concede and Lan Wang Ji simply too well-mannered to fight with the other about this but giving no consent to the other man’s claims in his own way of playing along. They glance at each other in the eyes, then the pouting man cracks into a smile, waving his hand for him to come over.

They move quietly in the shadows, looking out for signs of movement.

It was relatively easy to find the thing, prancing about the forest like a little cub, possibly even a mountain lion that got tainted by the demonic energy flowing in from somewhere else. But then Wei Wu Xian cringed as it slowly transformed into a beast the size of a house, its roar booming in their ears, the ground shaking by the sheer volume of its voice, its stomp causing Wei Wu Xian to bob a little on the ground. The man grinned lopsidedly, deciding this won’t take them too long with an idea to help.

“Lan Zhan, will you listen to an idea I have?”

“Mm.”

Moments later, Wei Wu Xian was on top of a tree, waiting quietly as he looked at Lan Wang Ji who was hiding behind a different tree, both of them watching the creature slowly make its way through.

As soon as the beast came close, Wei Wu Xian tossed Sui Bian into the air, commanding it forward and cutting through its hind leg where it seemed to put most of its weight on, wobbling on his branch as the world shook at its growl of pain. He jumps down from his place and commands Sui Bian to aim for its other leg, only for the beast to move away, obviously limping but still quick on its feet. He grumbles, calls Sui Bian back to his side and twirls it to stop the momentum, holding it up against his back.

“Here boy, good boy.”

Lifting a hand, he makes cooing noises and takes one step back, curling his finger inwards to entice the beast over. It worked, and the beast stomps on the ground to growl at him, baring its sharp teeth.

It did look quite menacing, but Wei Wu Xian simply took another step back, then another, walking back until one point where he stops. The beast, thinking he would no longer move, took this chance to pounce at him. Right then as it was airborne, a glint of silver slices through the other leg from the side, causing the beast to fall short from the grinning cultivator who quickly moved out of the way, running to the opposite side of the other man who finally stepped out of his hiding place.

He commands Sui Bian to attack and meets eyes with Lan Wang Ji to give a soft nod before he calls his sword back, holding his sheath up for it to slide back into.

Standing aside Wei Wu Xian watches silently as Lan Wang Ji engages in combat, fighting with the beast with guided ease. Even as he absentmindedly pulls out a blank talisman and draws on it, his eyes are stuck to the Lan, both to make sure he got the timing right, but mostly because he was mesmerized by his ephemeral looks, the pure strength and skill and honest style that he held Bi Chen, hearing the sword hum loudly in the darkness, shining a bright blue sheen with the man’s spiritual energy. 

He muses how the Lan’s robes are still a pristine white even as he cleanly cuts through the monster with a heavy slash down from its blind spot, shaking the ground again as the beast stumbles. He’s impressed. Not simply impressed, but amazed, quite charmed, by his strength and the viciousness within that beauty. He wonders how strong the man really is, despite the gentleness that he sees normally.

“Wei Ying!”

“Mm!”

Holding the talisman up pinched between his fingers, he murmurs a short incantation under his breath, making sure Lan Wang Ji jumped out of the way before it burst into flames, the ground burning up in an array of spiritual fire, trapping everything in front of him. The grass didn’t burn, but anything that touched it with demonic energy would be scorched. He watched as the fire set the beast ablaze, hearing it screech and howl. It slowly stumbled on its paws, finally falling forward.

Circling the unmoving creature, he makes his way towards Lan Wang Ji, reaching out to touch his shoulder and lean in, tilting his head one way and the other to check for injuries, glad to see there was not a speck of dirt on him as his white robes had seemed from afar. Seemed, because he now noticed as he looks down that his shoes are a little dirty from moving about on the grass, fighting with a beast that shook the earth and brought up sand along its path. This much was nothing, but stood out when it was on him.

“Great work! Let’s go patrol and then we can go down to inform the village head before we leave.”

With a nod, they start to walk through the forest in search for any more beasts that may be lurking around, looking at certain spots in case the creature had kept any bodies even if there were no reports. He remembers old cases where they’d find a pile of corpses in a cave the creatures would hoard for fun and games, not all from the same village but some from far away, dragged as far as Qinghe down to Yunmeng.

As the search slowly came to an end, Wei Wu Xian quietly glances at Lan Wang Ji as he kicks over a few stones, looking down at the ground to make sure there were no arrays or symbols left behind, turning another bark over with his foot as he walked further into the woods, his eyes continuing to look up and down, following the white ribbon as the man used his spiritual energy to move things instead of using his hand or foot, Bi Chen used to slice things up when they seemed too heavy for small bursts of power.

“Lan Zhan, I have something important to tell you.”

The words leave his mouth before he can stop himself, and he curses himself internally while he looks outwardly calm, standing a small distance away, facing him directly. He looks weirdly nervous, which is odd considering the man didn’t even know what he was going to say. There’s a short pause where they stare into each other’s eyes before the other finally relents.

“What is it?”

“… I really want to be with you.”

He technically throws the words up his throat and tosses it out the minute he felt the first syllable form, his body going tense before he takes a breath in.

“Just so you don’t get me wrong, let me put it out properly. 

I like you.

”

The start was alright, he thinks, but once he starts, and when he sees his light coloured eyes widen, he can’t help the warmth that spreads in him, smiling gently as he takes another step forward.

“I want to see you every day from now on. I can’t keep my eyes off of you. There’s something that keeps me here. I can’t help but like being by your side. It’s comforting, and it’s exciting, and there’s a lot I don’t know but want to. 

I really like you.

 I mean it romantically, but also, I want to fight next to you, night hunt with you again, together.”

Lan Wang Ji changes from holding his emotions in with a blank face, then looking at him with slightly wide eyes before he gave a look as if he was in pain. Through it all, he can’t figure out why or what those emotions meant, and the last makes him wonder if he doesn’t want to. It was very sudden, after all. Maybe all Lan Wang Ji wanted from him was friendship and he just made things awkward for them both-

“Mm,” he replies, with his usual hummed word, voice a little low. “I want to see you every day, can’t keep my eyes off of you.” The repeated words felt oddly sincere and full of emotion, his neck burns as he feels a hand reach out to tuck the long strand of his bangs away tenderly. “I really like you. I want to night hunt with you again.”

Wei Wu Xian smiles weakly, too full of emotions to even smile properly, a chuckle leaving his mouth.

“

I feel the same way.

”




Chapter End Notes
I forgot to add so edit in: Next Chapter will have the second and last art from my partner Berreh! Look forward to it because it is so so beautiful~! I sobbed when I saw it hahaOne day, it will make your heart squeeze tight :')Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 9
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The very lazy ex-cultivator spent most of the previous day lazing around and sleeping, crushing leaves and boiling petals, plucking stems and grating them down, mixing them with constant yawning from tire. He wasn’t even sure why he was so tired when he should be used to sleeping late and going out at night for hunts.Maybe he was getting used to his lazy, languid lifestyle without night hunting every other night; sleeping when he wants to, waking when his eyes open.After spending his day uneventfully, the next day, he goes out grocery shopping with a woven basket tucked under his elbow, yawning into his hand again. He is honestly a little upset he wasn’t able to see Lan Wang Ji yesterday due to sleeping and working on his actual job. But he didn’t have a way of contacting him, neither did he want to bother the Lan if he were resting after the night awake.Which sucked, because it was right after he finally confessed and got an answer.The thought makes him grin to himself, smiling behind his hand as he remembers how Lan Wang Ji had copied his words, giggling softly to himself at the cute gesture he remembers, and the ticklish feeling of his fingers as they brushed against his face, tucking his hair back behind his ears. It felt incredibly pleasant, and he wishes he could do that again, maybe run his fingers through his hair, have his hand sit on the top of his head and give him pats, run his fingers through his scalp, or he should simply be bold and hold the back of his head with his big hand, bunch his hair up with those beautifully long fingers, pulling him up forcefully for a passionate kiss on the lips.“Wei Ying?”“No, that’s too much. I don’t want to scare Lan Zhan away two days into this. Besides, I don’t even know if he wants to kiss.”“... Do you?”“Yes, of cours-  Lan Zhan?! ”Eyes that were drooping halfway down with sleep were now open wide, pupils blown wide and his breath hitching. He staggers one step forward, turning his body around to see the cultivator standing behind him, face calm but his ears red behind the curtain of his hair, lips pressed a little more thinly than usual.“Yes.”There was no need for him to ask whether he heard him or not, it would be useless chatter. Using it as a distraction might have been nice, but his words were stuck in his throat too long, the silence too deep for him to pretend he didn’t notice. He looks down at his basket, a finger scratching at his chin as he peeks up, a sheepish smile on his small grin, teeth showing as he gave the most awkward laugh.“I do?”He lifts his head and looks around to see some people stopping to look at them, watching to see why two men, both looking a little out of place in such a rural village standing in the middle of the street, awkward and refusing to look at each other straight in the eyes. Some even started whispering lowly amongst themselves, especially a group of village girls he is sure to have spoken to before, whispering and giggling as they hid their mouths behind their fans, waving them gently to create a soft breeze.“Anyways, um, if you’re not busy, I’m out to buy some ingredients. Want to come with me?” He tries to change the topic to get over it quickly.Seeming to get his idea, the Lan nods and discreetly clears his throat behind his hand, following him into the market. There, he forgets about the incident easily as he gets into his haggler mode, asking for the cheapest price possible, fighting when he knew how much things were being overpriced, complaining vocally when he was showed potatoes with sprouts in them, pointing them out and accusing of trying to give people food poisoning.When he approached stalls with people he knew, however, his tone softened a notch, still bright but grinning as he chatted with them, thanking them loudly and cheerfully as they filled with basket with products, paying them a good amount for everything he received. He didn’t complain when one of the older ladies gave him a few apples for free, munching on one as he led the Lan out of the marketplace.“Want to come over? I’ll make you lunch.”Getting a positive answer, he takes him back to his house, and for the first time, he opens the door and holds it open so the other can enter, the basket in his arm banging loudly against the stone workspace beside the stove, shoving his papers and drawings away from the table in the middle of the room, tossing them away into one of his drawers, waving his hand dismissively when he offered assistance. “I’m fine, they’re not important things.” Simply a lot of random scribbles of ideas and theories for spiritual cultivation among more laid back topics like the ratios of ingredients for his new inks, a few loose doodles of humans and flowers, some colored in and some left blank.While looking around, Wei Wu Xian smiles brightly when Lan Wang Ji’s eyes stop on a carved box on top of his table, waving his hand at it before he picks it up. “Interested?” He brings the carved box closer, and the Lan traces the lines creating a peony on the top cover, a metal lock on the front, keeping it shut with a hole for a small key.“It was a present from someone I met as a child. I don’t really remember who it was, but it was special to me at the time. They saved my life for some reason, and spent time with me for a while. They gave this box to me right after… Or maybe it was years later?” He haven’t a clue, honestly. It’s been a long time, almost ten years since he last saw this person. “I have a really bad memory, so it’s hard to remember who they are. But well, even though I got it from them, I don’t have the key.” He sighs softly.“I could open it forcefully, but I could never bring myself to break the box. I think the person might’ve told me to keep it safe and closed, but then what was the point of giving this to me anyway, right?”He was curious, of course, but as if compelled or strongly told not to, he kept the box intact and waits, wondering if he’ll ever find the key to open it and finally figure out what it is.“Stay here, I’ll go make lunch.”Lan Wang Ji opened his mouth as if he had something to say, but before he heard anything, Wei Wu Xian rushed into the kitchen and got busy.By busy, it meant accidentally chopping a crack into his chopping board and burning the garlic in the pan, having to open the windows to let in fresh air and the smoke out. He can only grin sheepishly when the Lan rushes in, looking at him with worry and hands ready to move if there was something wrong. When all he saw was a coughing Wei Wu Xian holding a wok with a burnt bottom, a sigh passes his lips.“I will cook.”“You can cook?”The new information is surprising, and he doesn’t mean to judge… But it can’t be helped! Lan Wang Ji looked like, and probably was, a young master who never had to cook for himself, never had to laundry either, never had to do much of household chores other than maybe cleaning up after himself. So the thought was intriguing, and although he wants to tell him it’s fine, that he could handle it, the wok is taken from his hand and he has no reason to deny his request.With the kitchen now in the Lan’s control, he moves away and smiles as he watches his back, feeling gooey inside as he day-dreams of this scene, of this- living in the same house, Lan Wang Ji cooking for him- being part of their every day from now on. He sneaks over to peek over the Lan’s shoulder, seeing the lotus root he was chopping, the spices he had pulled out of the sachets he never used, wondering what he was making. The ingredients looked incredibly familiar, if he thought about it.“Need any help?” He asks, lingering behind him as he feels bored with nothing to do, wanting to be of some assistance if possible. But the Lan tells him he is alright, so he pouts and goes back to his position to the side, watching as the Lan deftly cut the vegetables, tying his sleeves back with a spare blue ribbon as he had when they did his laundry the last time, keeping his sleeves out of reach from the fire and all the food he was moving around, not wanting to burn down the building or its occupants.The Lan insists on cooking for him, and seeing as it was offered, he lets him borrow his kitchen and smiles as he watches his back, feeling gooey inside as he daydreams of this being their every day from now on.He’s a little surprised by the speed of how Lan Wang Ji moves. There are times he moves as if he has been cooking forever, but there are subtle hints like the way he holds his knife and the way he looks at some ingredients and seems unable to figure out what to do with it. He chuckles softly, then decides to go back into his room to give him time, trusting him to deal with their lunch. Besides, he was quite curious of the taste, along with what he would be served. A home-cooked meal made by those beautiful hands that probably never cooked for anyone else before, he will definitely eat it all without a single drop wasted.Wei Wu Xian spends his time pulling out more pieces of paper, scribbling down some arrays, piecing them apart and humming to himself. He found an interesting one about the transportation talismans that he wants to test out, but the more he tries to find a way to piece it, the more he feels like it was getting overly complicated. No, maybe not complicated, but impossible unless you wanted to risk losing your life? There was no safety guaranteed, but he wanted it so badly!Grumbling as he ruffles his hair, he crosses the thing out with red ink, starting over on a new paper once it was filled and almost soaking with black, lifting his head from time to time when he started to smell something incredibly good. He was hungry, and whatever the Lan was making smelled marvellous. He wanted to sneak in for a taste, but his head gets stuck on his array again, forgetting the smell for a while.It’s a while later when Wei Wu Xian finds one small loophole he covers, only to find a dozen more he needs to fix when Lan Wang Ji walks in, pots and dishes on the low dining table he usually never uses. He’s surprised at how the other is carrying all that alone without a single shake in his arms. “Wei Ying, clear the table.” Snapping out of his thoughts, he hums as he swats the paper to the side onto the floor, taking the pots of ink to put them over the cupboard on the other side. When he comes back, Lan Wang Ji had placed the dining table down, looking at the two tables before he starts moving everything to the sturdier study desk he uses all the time.Hopefully, he doesn’t think too much of the abundant  ink stains.“Wait, is that lotus root soup? It even has pork ribs in it and goji berries!” He jumps toward the table and slides in on one side, grinning up as the Lan sighed at his horrible manners. “Oh, a lot of these dishes are things I like~”  He realizes, most of them were spicy things, just a few more milder vegetables here and there. “How did you know? Ah, was it because of the big pot of chili powder? Or… Do you like spicy food too?” He waits for the Lan to sit down across him before he picks up his chopsticks.“Let’s eat! Ah, but you made everything… Thanks for the food~”He reaches out to pour them both some soup, but Lan Wang Ji beat him to it and gestures for him to eat as he ladles portions out into two bowls, Wei Wu Xian watching with his chopsticks in between his lips. A ‘thank you’ later, he takes the bowl from his hands and takes a whiff, the warm smell filling his lungs. He takes a sip, and makes a sound of delight.“Lan Zhan, this soup, it tastes exactly like what Shi- what I used to have when I was younger. How did you do it?” It tastes so good, better than those he has tried at restaurants. He missed it so much, he tried them everywhere he went. Not once did they taste the same as the one he remembered from his childhood. “Can you look through my memories and pull tastes out like this or something? This is…  This is too good. ”“Then, eat more.” There’s a hint of relief in his features, and Wei Wu Xian likes the way his lips seem to curl just a tiny bit, a softer look that makes his heart run. He takes a bite, and then another, trying to keep his head away and enjoy the food instead of thinking about their very early conversation outside. A small little kiss as he smiles would be very pleasant; he wants to feel it with his lips.He eats everything and smiles as he talks about things, told to not speak as he eats a few times by the Lan, but he seems to give up when Wei Wu Xian doesn’t budge and continues to tell him stories.It’s late at night when he offers to walk the Lan out into town. He wants to take him all the way home, but Lan Wang Ji says he doesn’t need to, just out into the town was more than enough for him.Taking each step, he feels the reluctance with every move, his long legs only moving in small, tiny steps almost that of a dainty woman. The reason was easy to guess— he wanted more time to spend with the other.A glance to his side and he sees the other’s beautiful face, light colored eyes shining under the moonlight while his long, straight hair framed his face, waving lightly in the night breeze, hiding his eyes from his gaze once a few steps, a golden sheen on it. He was staring blatantly, then, he also tried not to. After all, he didn’t exactly want to scare the other off, but he also couldn’t help the smile on his face when their eyes met, his face hot but feeling his heart leap and his face morph into a grin.Lan Wang Ji was beautiful, especially when his eyes softened with adoration while looking at him, and even if he went expressionless and cool.Slowly, ever so slowly, Wei Wu Xian takes one side-step to stand closer as they walked. There weren’t many words shared, enjoying the silence and the beautiful night sky, breathing in the scent of the forest. Another dozen steps, and his fingers uncurl themselves from a nervous fist, then they curl back on themselves shyly to scratch his palm. The man breathes in deep, then, reaches out, sneaking his hand into the Lan’s and lacing their fingers together, squeezing it gently.He can feel the other stiffen up, but seeing as his hand wasn’t flung away, he takes it as a good sign and grins to himself, eyes on the floor as his lips tilt into a wide smile. Honestly, Lan Wang Ji was very cute, to think he would let him hold his hand like this and then stiffen up, and he can feel his warmth through it, a calming touch he enjoyed. Wei Wu Xian thought of teasing him a little, maybe ruffle him up and see how much more he could do, until he hears a soft sniffle.It was barely there, but he definitely heard it.Both their footsteps stops, and when he looks up in panic, the Lan is staring wide eyed at their connected hands, crying with tears in his eyes filling to the brim and streaming down in warm streaks on his pale cheeks, shimmering under the moonlight. As he sees this, he can’t help the small part of him that gets his breath taken away, but the saner part of him panics, turning his body fully towards the Lan, a worried crease between his brows as he looked at their joined hands and the other, back and forth.“What’s wrong? Did you hate it?”Wei Wu Xian loosens his hold, but quickly squeezes back when the other doesn’t let go and tugs his hand back. Quietly, he curls his fingers, fingertips gently brushing his knuckle and thumb soothing him. He looks up, hums in question, and is tempted to reach out and wipe those tears if it wouldn’t embarrass the other.“No. I...  Like holding your hand. ”A smile finally draws on his lips, and he pulls their hand down, starting to walk again. “Then why are you crying? You scared me, Lan Zhan. For a moment I thought you were mad or upset.” He gives a squeeze, tilting his head so he can glance at the other, watching him wipe his tears away with his sleeve, back to his usual unreadable demeanor. Honestly, it was a bit sad that he went back so fast. It didn’t hurt to know that Lan Wang Ji trusted him enough to cry, but then again… It was a bit odd, wasn’t it?“I like it,” he says with a bit more conviction and eyes glancing back at him, so he grins and nods, leaning in so he could almost feel the heat radiating off him, wondering how shameless he could act without scaring him away. He wants to try leaning against him, clinging onto him, hugging him tight and… more.So, the other was just emotional. He found that a bit confusing, kind of funny coming from him, but marvels at how cute the Lan really is, and so full of emotion beneath the face that lacks it. He’s adorable as much as he is handsome and strong. He holds his hand all the way until they reach the end of the path, where he feels the other squeeze his hand tight before letting go, a reluctant sigh reaching his ears as says he can go alone from here.Wei Wu Xian waves, and walks off, feeling his heart light and his footsteps even lighter, skipping his way back home.






Chapter End Notes
Second Bang art by my amazing partner @BlackBerreh!!! Please I... I really can't handle how beautiful this is. I hope you love the art as much as I do!Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 10
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Wei Wu Xian clears up the counter and moves everything to the cupboards on display, stacking them full of the small pots, one of them filled up with paper and the other is a rack full of cups with brushes for sale. He’s arranging them because people really had a bad habit of putting things back in the wrong place, and he huffs when he finds the small brush hidden among the huge ones, wondering why they couldn’t just put them back like a normal, decent human being would.


Then again, he might do the same without thinking… That’s a different story.


“Welcome!”


The door swings open and Wei Wu Xian whirls around with a business smile, only to brighten up with a real smile and a happy little jump, skipping over to Lan Wang Ji with his arms full of brushes and paper, smiling up at him.


“

We meet again.

”


A knowing smile is on Wei Wu Xian’s lips, and he sees the glint of recognition in his eyes which only helped coerce the laughter from his throat. He hears Xue Yang shout at him from behind, something along the lines of more complaints about helping or getting side-tracked, but he’s fine ignoring all his words to stand here in front of the other and look into his eyes, his hand shy compared to his thick face, his finger drawing circles on the paper he held. Actually, he is tempted to throw everything in his arms to crash himself right into his chest, arms wrapped around his waist and to his back- but he doesn’t want to ruin what he has nor go through the trouble of picking everything up.


So, he takes a few steps away to put the papers down on its designated cupboard before he flings himself back, laughing when he feels the other stumble a few steps back. But he’s surprised at how sturdy and hard he is, feeling his breath stop and hitch slightly, heart racing as a hand came to hold his waist and give a gentle squeeze. Oh, he can hear his heartbeat if he leans his head close.


He isn’t used to this, but he could get used to it.


While he feels his cheeks flush with blood and thus color, he swears he can feel the warmth of the other’s hand through his robes burning against his lower back, and he realizes the scent of sandalwood was so much stronger when held in his arms, breathing deep and feeling drunk by the scent, leaning his head in, refusing to let go. However, he gets curious and straightens his back, nose poking at his shoulder, taking a soft whiff from his neck, finding it definitely much more prominent at this distance.


He feels the other freeze, and this time, he really does panic and hears his heart drum loudly all the way up in his ears, stepping back when the arm around him goes slack.


“Right,” his voice shakes a little, arms stretched out before they slump back down to his side. He can’t look at him straight in the eyes. Why is he even shy? What happened to the owner of the thickest face in the whole cultivation world, Wei Wu Xian? Right, there was no reason for him to be shy at all. He takes a deep breath, calming his heart. “Let’s go out?”


Wei Wu Xian turns around to tell Xue Yang he was going to leave, only to see the boy missing. He feels a sense of mild dread and annoyance as he runs over to the counter. Not a not a candy in sight. He takes a look at the open window to the side and immediately sees the dirt covering the ledge with a footprint that was most likely the size of that brat’s.


“Damn it, that idiot ran away!”


“…”


He excuses himself and runs to the back room to take a look, coming out with an annoyed frown, then, he sighs with a disappointed slump of his shoulder. He wanted to go out today, why can’t that brat just stay still?


“Lan Zhan, sorry, but that brat ran away, probably to go out and play. He’s been stuck in here for a while now, so I guess he’s reached his limit.” He understands that, but he’s still annoyed at him for leaving without a word. The least he could do was tell him he wanted to go out. It wasn’t as if he wouldn’t say yes, even if it felt unlikely. “I have to take care of the store, so I can’t go out with you today.” Or he could close it for the day. But just as he was about to say that, he sees the note Xue Yang left behind on the work related side of the table about an important client coming, and he’s just groaning to himself, hitting his head on the table.


“I’ll stay.”


“Hm?”


“I’ll stay here.”


He lifts his head to stare, and the fact that Lan Wang Ji showed his decision to stay with him by turning his back to the door, and the way he looked so sincere and determined to cheer him up by telling him so made him chuckle, perching his elbows on the table from behind the counter, resting his head on his palm, a small smile on his lips. He lifts one hand, waving to motion him over.


“Welcome, customer number one, what would you like?”


He grins brightly, and he swears, he saw a hint of a smile on his lips as he walked over. They do nothing but share simple stories about themselves, a chair brought in from the back for them to sit and chat. Wei Wu Xian takes this chance to sneak his hand over the counter and hold it over his, smiling brighter and his voice adding on a happy tone when he feels slim fingers cross with his, holding them tight.


This was pure bliss.




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!
You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 11
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





This time, he makes sure to glue Xue Yang down in his seat after he found him dirty and messed up the day before, finding out he went fishing and night-hunting alone, for who knows what reason.

At some point in time, a much younger Xue Yang had asked him if he could be taught to cultivate, and he agreed. He had potential, he admits that, but he was also rebellious and refused to listen, which reminded him of his younger self, but worse because he at least admired Jiang Feng Mian and listened to his every word.

Although he knew that Xue Yang was old enough and strong enough to go night hunting alone, there was a part of him that remembered the frail, malnourished boy whose eyes shone at the sight of a mere piece of candy, chirping answers happily with a kick of his little legs with trusting eyes.

He was worried, that’s all. He never thought of himself as the protective kind, nor was he really. But when he knew the things the boy had gone through and how he grew up jaded by the world and distrusting people once he learned what almost happened to him, he knew he couldn’t leave him alone. This one was dangerous, and he had to guide him to make sure he didn’t get himself in trouble, killed, or do the killing. Now, he was a good boy to a point, but still a child who couldn’t keep his mouth shut at times.

Maybe this was how Jiang Feng Mian had felt about him.

That would explain why he would trail his eyes on him so often, asking if he was alright, praising him when he did something right and didn’t hurt himself in the process. When he did get hurt, he would worry, as if he were his real father. Truth to be spoken, the man was nothing like his real father as he remembered, but he had always admired and respected the man, even now, so he smiles at the thought that he was going through the same thing. Well, he at least hopes he wasn’t as hard to handle as this brat was.

Walking through the forest, he is humming softly a tune in his head, something he heard in a distant memory. His hand is holding the others tight in his, they’re taking a simple stroll, staying away from the crowd of the market for today. Wei Wu Xian liked the forest, that’s why he lived so far away. It was also because he needed the space to plant everything he needed, and it made for better protection by setting up arrays here and there, making sure no one uninvited could come in.

The whole time, he is thinking. His mind his filled with the thought of how he can manage to get a kiss out of the Lan.

First, he tries distracting him with things in their surroundings, pointing out directions towards places he has travelled to. When that failed and he gave no opening, he started telling him stories of people he met, things he has done, the new cultivation skills he acquired along the way and some tools he invented out of boredom. He gets distracted by his own talking and the way Lan Wang Ji listened to every word, his eyes on him even as they walk through the path, making his storytelling all the more worth it.

It all seems to be futile, and as the day starts to wane, Wei Wu Xian decides to simply go for it, no longer understanding why he had to do it sneakily. After all, Lan Wang Ji didn’t say no when he was muttering about it.

Turning around and getting close, he holds a shoulder for support and leaned up to sneak a gentle peck to unsuspecting lips, lingering just a tad bit longer than necessary when he notices how soft they are, pulling back to give a tiny little smile.

That was nice.

At least, he knows it was for him, but when he sees the cultivator look pained and emotional, his eyes suddenly glaze with unshed tears, he’s unsure how to take it. The one reassurance was that the Lan leaned closer when he reached up towards him, letting him cup his face tenderly, tilting his head down when he tries to kiss him again, a quick peck much shorter this time, hoping it would get rid of whatever it was making the Lan feel down.

“Lan Zhan, you have really weak tear ducts.”

He managed to catch the irritation in his eyes, and it was pretty easy when the other frowned so openly, and he could swear his expression looked less like a scowl and more like a pout if such a description on the other didn’t feel so out of place. Still, it was what it was, and he laughs, apologizing in a murmur with a gentle caress to his face, his cupped hand giving a gentle pat, fingers moving to wipe the tears gathered in his eyes away with another peck to his pale cheek, and another one.

“Don’t cry. You’re beautiful even when you do, but I don’t think I can handle watching you crying for long. My heart hurts.”

Lan Wang Ji gives a look that obviously states ‘I’m not crying’ before he calms down rather quickly with a deep breath in and a quick wipe of his eyes. He realizes then that the man didn’t stop his tears from showing on purpose, because Wei Wu Xian had noticed how well this person seemed to keep secrets. So, does that mean he didn’t mind showing his crying self to him?

It is… An indescribable feeling.

But he appreciates it, leaning in, hands holding his with their fingers laced, warming them with his heat and pushing them up to his chest as he leans in, taking his lips again. They’re so soft, and he tastes mildly of berries.

“Lan Zhan, kiss me.”

There’s a soft groan, he hears it with his eyes closed, and when he feels warm lips gently touch his, kissing him in a way that made him tingle and grin, he let out a relieved sigh, returning the gesture.

His hands press against the plane of his chest as arms come to wrap around his waist, holding him close and pressed flat against his chest, neck straining a little as he tilted his head to match their lips, their kisses gentle, no more than a peck and a few passionate friction of lips, but it was enough to make him sigh in pleasure, feeling his knees grow weak and head turn light with each second. He feels drunk.

God, he wants more.




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 12
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





It was another day with Xue Yang sent off to the market for a few errands, Wei Wu Xian stuck indoors until he comes back, sitting behind the counter and boredly writing away on papers he had been putting off.


At least, now he had Lan Wang Ji to keep him company. He had work to do however, so the conversation had been at a minimum when the man first stepped in, and he excused himself to start writing the letters he needed to finish. It wasn’t much, it would just take a minute to finish it all, but when he had a client that liked to write him a whole book containing how much he appreciated what, how much he wanted this, how much they think about that, and so on, while mixing the important details among all that, he was tempted to rip it in half. But considering they weren’t letters for this little shop and actually for cultivators, he couldn’t even do that without getting annoying people on his back.


He’s pushed this back far enough.


Brush in hand and ink spread on the slate, he continues to write in silence, wondering if Lan Wang Ji was bored sitting there with nothing to do. When he looks up, he sees the man meditating, so he tries not to worry about it too much, thinking of getting it done as quickly as possible so he didn’t have to wait any more than necessary.


About two incense sticks time later, his arms shot up into the air, stretching his limbs with a soft cheer.


Done!


He sighs and gives his shoulder a light knock, rolling them and stretching his back as well, hearing them pop and sighing in relief. He hates doing things like these, and he remembers back when he used to throw them at Jiang Cheng so he could avoid doing work, hating to sit around and write if it wasn’t interesting. Even now, he only did it because he actually wanted to continue working for some of these people.


“Lan Zhan, I’m done.”


When he lifts his head, his eyes widen in sync.


To his bewilderment, he sees a shadow spread over his face as a long, wide sleeve comes to cover their faces from the open window, soft lips touching his and long lashes fluttering close against his own. It was warm, a tingly spark running down his spine as his neck burns with heat.


“Lan Zhan…”


“Mm.”


“It’s only been a day and you’re already so bold.”


“… …”


The man smiles, perching his arms on the counter. That was a great surprise, and also the perfect gift after a long time of hard work, if one could call it that.


“Lan Zhan?”


“Yes?”


“… One more.”


He leans in and this time, he takes his time to feel the way his lips move, soft above his and his breath gentle. Wei Wu Xian feels a light nip on his bottom lip, gasping, feeling his tongue gliding over them cautiously, then, sinking in. It’s a little odd at first, a bit too wet, a bit hot, but it makes him feel a little dizzy, finding it hard to breathe. He thought it tickled, then, it slowly started feeling good.


It felt 

really

 good.


Wei Wu Xian thinks he might have made a whimpering noise deep in his throat, but he doesn’t really remember as a hand came to the back of his head, fingers bunching his hair and tugging at it gently to tilt his head further. He finds himself losing the strength to keep himself up, elbows slamming on the counter between them, holding his head back and parting his mouth wider, moaning against his lips.


When they part, his eyes were closed before they opened halfway to stare up at the other, dazed as if delirious, licking his own lips and tasting him on them still. It felt very good. No less electrifying than he was told it would feel, but he thinks it was even better than his imagination could ever provide. He definitely wanted more to prove his point.


“Lan Zhan, I…”


The bell rings all of a sudden with a loud slam of the front door and they both jumped away from each other, Wei Wu Xian wiping his mouth free from saliva and standing right back into place, feeling a groan stuck in his throat when he realizes it’s just Xue Yang coming back from his errand.


Wait, that’s not right.


.  . .  . .


Right, 

right

, they were in the store!!


“Xue Yang, take care of the place!”


He jumps over the counter and grabs hold of Lan Wang Ji’s hand and rushes out of the shop, leaving the teen grumbling over how he technically heard everything, having slammed the door opened for that very reason.


Outside, Wei Wu Xian drags Lan Wang Ji all the way to the edge of the forest, and they slow down to a stroll towards the river, starting a small chat on the way. It’s calming to smell the scent of damp leaves and hear the babbling brook, but he can’t help but stare at Lan Wang Ji too long, or look at his lips and feel his ears burn when he’s caught staring. So, he pushes him, palms flat on his chest, tilting his head up.


“Let’s continue…?”


There’s a hint of red on the Lan’s ears, and he grins at that, closing his eyes. He can feel his soft breath against his lips, and he loves the excitement of their almost touching lips, hearing his heart leap up to his throat.


But today is just an unlucky day.


A loud bark sends thousands of pins and needles up his body, his whole body freezing solid as he turns his head mechanically. Eyes wide, he watches as a puppy runs up from behind the bushes, its tail wagging as it yelps out a bark once again.


To put it mildly, it scares the shit out of Wei Wu Xian.


“

GYAAAAAHHHH!!!

”


That was probably the most decent sounding noise that came from him in the next few minutes. A shrill scream spills out from his lungs as he jumps away from the dog and clings onto Lan Wang Ji’s arm, running around to hide behind him, arms wrapped tightly around his waist, body bend down to hide behind him. When it wags its tail and whines, letting out another yap, Wei Wu Xian whimpers, screams again and climbs up onto his back, legs lifted from the ground, terrified it could come over and bite him through his boots, clothes, and everything. Clothes were nothing, he felt vulnerable and naked in front of it, knowing it could rip him to shreds if it wanted to.


“Lan Zhan,

 Lan Zhan..!

”


He cries out, eyes shut tight as he hides his face in his hair. He hears another whimper from the dog, its loud panting making all the hair on his body stand, sobbing out his misery. He then hears another rustle of leaves, and his arms wrapped tightly around the Lan’s head was pried off by gentle fingers, an arm coming to loop around his back and he loosens the hold of his legs. Wei Wu Xian falls right into his arms where he is caught and held up tightly, an arm under his legs as he curls his own around his shoulder, face buried in his neck, still shaking and moving his head from side to side, muttering ‘no’.


There’s movement, and he hears the river more clearly now, feeling the Lan jump and a splash of water that hits the bare skin of his neck, making him yelp out loud, clinging onto him further, whimpering softly.


“Wei Ying, it’s gone.”


His voice is deep, soft as it is whispered right into his ears. He feels the world sink down, and he feels a lap under him as he’s sat down, the hand once behind his knees now coming up to gently pat his back. “We’re far away on the other side.” The reassuring words are again echoed in his head, but he can’t help but cling onto him, refusing to move, continuing to hang on like a child, curling his legs back up just in case. If it was still around, the least he could do was make sure his legs were as close to him as possible, and maybe Lan Wang Ji could stop it before it could take a bite out of his shoe.


“L-Lan Zhan…” He couldn’t breathe properly, and he gasps, raking his nails gently over the back of his robes.


“It’s okay. You’re safe.”


There’s a swiping sound, and he feels his hair come undone, falling over his shoulders and curtaining his back all the way over to his face. That gives him a sense of comfort, and even more when there are fingers running through his hair, raking through it and slowly untangling the mess that it is, flattening it the best he could. It was soothing, and his gasps for breath and sobs getting softer, and his ragged breaths calming to deep, shaky breaths that filled his lungs, regaining control over himself bit by bit.


Of course, once he wasn’t terrified, the awkwardness comes down on him like a crashing wave.


“Lan Zhan…” he whines, and continues on to cling onto him. It’s not as tightly as before, but he still keeps his nose buried in his shoulder, eyes closed as he relishes in the soft touch of his hands in his hair, the warmth of a body pressed so close. It is warm in the cold day, or maybe he was cold from the cold sweat. He doesn’t really care, he’s just embarrassed for acting so out of character and probably very uncool, losing his composure because of a… a dog. A really small one at that.


But Lan WangJi seems to accept whatever happened, just like that. It’s embarrassing after all, even if he tries to hide it behind his face, but he’s comforted by the acceptance and lack of teasing, opening his eyes to stare at the greenery, feeling his breath come slow, almost as if lulled into peace. He likes this too much, he may be in too deep. It’s weird, how he feels this way, and he finally lifts his head, eyes a little red and his cheeks flushed with colour. He leans up, pressing his lips to his cheek, and a peck to his lips.


“Lan Zhan,” he whispers, nuzzling his nose against his cheek.


“

I love you.

”




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!
You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 13
Chapter Notes
oops I was too tired and fell asleep without posting ;u;

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





“Lan Zhan, 

don’t stop.

”

Shamelessly, he clings onto the other with arms wrapped around his neck, tilting his head so he can smack his lips against the others playfully, not quite chaste or passionate, just funny and teasing as he tries to goad the other into losing control. After all, the Lan had too much, and he wanted him to let loose and show him directly, to his body, using his own body, how much he wanted him. Wei Wu Xian could only hope that Lan Wang Ji wanted him as much as he wanted him.

“Here. I’ll close my eyes, so kiss me again.”

Wei Wu Xian lowers his eyelids and keeps his head tilted, waiting for the tender or rough gesture, heart thudding loudly in hopes for more, wondering why the Lan had to be so shy when he had already kissed him so many times. Actually, it was weird, because he seems to change every other day, getting more shy and reluctant by the day. Maybe he wasn’t shy, but holding back? Maybe he had changed too, because something was different. But why would Lan Wang Ji have to hold back anyways when Wei Wu Xian was practically begging for him to come kiss him again, to come give him affection, spoil him with touches and kisses, speak soft words and all that came with it.

When he doesn’t feel anything, he makes a loud whining noise.

After a few seconds, he feels a gentle touch of his lips against his, and he jumps on his feet, pouncing onto him from the lack of distance between them, making it so that the man had to wrap his arms around his waist and pick him up to keep them stable and standing on their feet.

“Lan Zhan, ah Lan Zhan. I love when you kiss me. It feels so good. Did you know, you’re my first kiss?” He gently caresses his cheek, kissing a trail along the side of his face. “Why don’t you shove me against a tree and kiss me? I know you like to be a little rough, I like it too you know- oof!”

Suddenly, Wei Wu Xian is hit by something crashing right into him from the side, and he feels his feet lowered back down to the floor. When he looks down, he sees a head of dark hair, pouty lips and a round face looking up at him with big innocent eyes.

“Xian-gege…”

He’s not weak for it, but he does feel a soft spot being nudged at by those big doe eyes, which he insists internally that they’re not the same thing.

Letting go of the Lan, albeit reluctantly, he picks the child up into his arms and cradles him close to his chest, an arm under his butt and the other supporting his back, letting him get a good glance of both of them so he doesn’t get scared.

“A-Yuan, what are you doing out here alone?”

“Xian-gege, Ning-gege is out to get chicken!” The boy raises his arms up in the air, then slams it back down on Wei Wu Xian’s shoulder, giggling as if what he said was funny, clinging onto his Xian-gege tightly and smothering his cheek against his. A-Yuan gave a look to the other person next to them, squinting at Lan Wang Ji because he had seemed to be hurting his brother, but then again… He didn’t look like he could hurt a fly, instead maybe heal someone like Qing-jiejie.

So he simply made a soft sound.

“Xian-gege, who is this pretty gege?” He asks shyly, then he pouts when Wei Wu Xian let out a laugh before the boy started reaching out, trying to get his way into the other’s arms.

“Hey, don’t bother him.”

“Hmph!” The child struggles more to be given to the other adult, and Wei Wu Xian lets him down on his own feet with a sigh now that he’s done playing carry and cuddling. He snorts a laugh when A-Yuan immediately latches himself onto the Lan’s leg, clinging on like a monkey and tugging, swinging his body back and forth to gain the man’s attention. This was hilarious to watch, but he had to cut in.

“A-Yuan! I told you not to bother him.” He chides, and he reaches out to pull at his shoulder.

But before he could pick him away from the other’s legs, another pair of hands come to pick the child right up, a cute little ‘

oof!

’ coming from his chubby little body as he is now carried in the Lan’s arms, staring at both adults with wide, curious eyes before his hand went right to his mouth, sucking on his thumb. That habit really wouldn’t go away, and Wei Wu Xian steps closer to pull it out of his mouth and holds his hand away, poking his cheek to bully him a bit, wiping his finger on the boy’s robe.

“Don’t suck on your fingers. It’s dirty!”

Whining, A-Yuan latches himself onto Lan Wang Ji this time, asking for comfort which the man had no idea how to give other than to gently pat his back, then look at Wei Wu Xian with eyes pleading for help, obviously having no idea what to do with a child this small, or what they even needed or wanted if they were hanging off of him. He finds it hilarious, even better than the confused look when A-Yuan was swinging on his leg, but he does take pity and picks A-Yuan off of him despite the yelps of protest, putting him down on the ground and dusting him off, holding his hand.

“Pretty gege is busy, so let’s not bother him,okay? Let’s take you back to your Uncle Ning instead so you can eat that chicken he’s catching.”

Wei Wu Xian tickles the little boy and watches him squeal and struggle before he tilts his head up to mouth a small ‘sorry’ silently to Lan Wang Ji, smiling back when he gives him a shake of his head. He’s grateful, really, but he also grins and mouths him another sentence, this time watching his ears turn red and his head turn away, making him chuckle. A-Yuan is tugs at his hand then, bored of waiting for them since they weren’t talking to each other either. Too bad, but he needs to go, but at least he has a say.




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 14
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





After a day of dancing around each other, Wei Wu Xian giving teasing touches and fleeting kisses to his chin and cheek, Lan Wang Ji holding his waist, the grip of his fingers digging into his side growing more painful with each butterfly kiss trailing lower from his face, finally down to his neck, leaving dark red marks when he shoved the Lan against a tree one moment, leaving a love bite for him to remember him by.


“Come back with me.”


He saw the way his throat bobbed as he swallowed, their hands touching everywhere they could without taking their clothes off as they ran for Wei Wu Xian’s home, lips searching for each other in teasing touches.


The first thing they did was have Wei Wu Xian pinned against the outside of his door, one hand caressing the Lan’s face as he sighed, gasped and whimpered as warm lips trailed down to his neck, teeth bared to leave gentle bites along his throat. He touched around the door, finding the edge somehow before they broke it in and slid it open, both of them stumbling back with the sudden lack of support, slamming it shut behind them.


Lan Wang Ji tore at his clothes, quite literally, and Wei Wu Xian feels heat pool in his stomach when he hears the sound of his robes ripping into shreds, caring little as a hot hand caresses his bare shoulder, trailing down his chest as his back is pressed against the tall drawer on the way, tilting his head back as his lips followed suit. He felt hot, like he was burning, and he kicks his shoes off, his hands in the other’s hair, trying to rip the robes off of his shoulders only to find the material was too thick to do so.


“Get rid of this.”


He tugs at his outer robe harder, and the hands on him retract for just a moment to help him undo the sash around the Lan’s waist, the outermost layer falling to the ground with a shrug. His own belt takes little to rip off with the loose knot tied to the front, listening to the friction of it being undone, breath hitching as the air in the room turns colder. All his robes fall to the ground along with the other’s white robes, only a pair of pants on him, stepping on his socks to kick those off as well.


“Lan Zhan, kiss,” he pleads, and moans into his mouth as he grabs hold of him, lips pressed to his and tongue working his mouth till his knees go weak.


When an arm comes to hold a thigh, he hops on his feet and laughs as he’s carried up like a child, looking down at golden eyes dark with want, sending a shiver down his spine. “Lan Zhan, you look like you’re going to eat me,” he murmurs against his lips, fingers lacing through the long locks of silky dark hair, breathing in the scent of sandalwood from his neck, running his tongue over his skin as he was carried over to his bed, leaving another love bite on the other side just before he was carefully let down onto the bed, wrists pinned above his head.


Lan Wang Ji suddenly stops, towering over him as his light colored eyes roam from his face down his body, leaving an invisible, burning trail.


“Like what you see?”


He asks, teasing him with his lilted tone. While Lan Wang Ji on the other hand, gives his unnecessarily honest reply.


“Mm.”


Wei Wu Xian feels his face burn, turning his face away to hide half his face in the sheets, arms raising up to pull his pillow down and cover his face with it. He doesn’t understand this man after all. One moment he’s shy and cute, looking incredibly happy with shining eyes over small little things like holding his hand and smiling ever so slightly despite his usual stoic look, then suddenly he goes and says things like 

this

, piercing through his thick face as if it is nothing. Truly, it was a work only Lan Wang Ji could do.


“Wei Ying,” he hears him murmur, trails of kisses moving along his shoulder, the top of his head nudging at his pillow.


The man sighs and throws the pillow aside, pouting and sheepishly reaching out to cup his face, scowling when he notices the smug shine in his eyes. “Don’t,” is all he says as he pulls him up to kiss him again. He wraps his arms around his neck, arching his back as his large hands roam over his chest and massages him tenderly, keeping his skin tingling and warm, his breath hitching against soft lips as he tugs at his pants.


He lifts his hips so the man could tug it and his underwear down all the way, his giggle interrupted as a shiver ran down his spine.


“Lan Zhan, I’m a virgin so you have to be nice to me, okay?”


He coos softly in his ear, smiling as the hand on his waist digs painfully into his flesh. Before he could tease him more, he lets out a stuttering breath as his hands come between his legs, fondling him gently. He lets out a heavy breath. “Warn a man, will you?” He teases, this time taking in a shuddering breath as he continues to move his palm up against him, rolling his hips up to match his movements.


“

Good, good... It’s good.

” 


Closing his eyes, Wei Wu Xian lays back and tilts his head, letting the man touch every inch of his skin with his lips, biting on his lips as he lets out soft, deep breaths. Lan Wang Ji continues to rub against him, then takes his whole shaft in his hands to start pumping it slowly, earning himself a weak whimper from the man beneath him. The Lan takes his time to kiss and trail his tongue along sensitive parts of his body, giving those places which gained a mewl another one or two kisses, grazing his skin with his teeth and even a few lovebites.


At least, it was a few, until Lan Wang Ji started biting down and sucking on his skin every other kiss, and Wei Wu Xian hissed in pain, knocking on his back gently with a fisted hand.


“Do you plan to mark me all over?”


“Yes.”


Again, with his honest replies. Wei Wu Xian laughs humorlessly in the face of it, curling his fingers through his hair, moaning softly as the other squeezed down on his dick and circled the head with his thumb, matching their lips together for a deep kiss. Lan Wang Ji proves his point as he bites on his lips, making the man squeak.


“What are you, a dog? Stop biting me.”


“No.”


“No…?”


“Yes.”


“

Hey.

”


Lan Wang Ji gives him another one of his smug little looks, and he’s started to get used to picking them out from the depths of his eyes, and at this distance, it was blinding as it made him look more handsome than usual. When girls said they like a bad boy, he feels like this might be what they meant. “Lan Zhan…” he sighs, then smiles as he tugs his head down, shuddering out a whimper as he rolled his hips, cheeks flushed with color as he started to feel his insides coil. “Fine, fine. You win.”


The smaller man cups his cheeks, kissing one side and then down his chin, burying his face in his shoulder to let out breathless sighs, shuddering as his hips jerked against his hand. “Do whatever you want. Just… faster.” He reaches down, his own hand cupping over the Lan’s growing bulge, rubbing his palm against him the same way he was touched. “I’m getting so close…”


It gets his point across and he feels the hand pumping his hand get faster and squeeze harder, his head snapping back into the mattress. He opens his mouth to let out a moan, then clasps a hand over it as he attempts to match the other’s movement with his own hand. He does a sloppy job of it as his fingers curl, reaching his climax with a few more tugs, voice loud behind his hand as he spills white cum into the other’s hand.


The world feels woozy for a few seconds as he gasps for breath. When it’s over, he’s comfortably snuggling into arms that wrapped around him, kissing back sloppily as their lips met, laughing softly, his mood bubbly after coming.


“Let me help you finish.”


He starts moving his hand again to rub, feeling the man’s length twitch against him, his hips moving ever so slightly against his palm, making the end his lips tilt up. Yet, before he could push away his robes and slip his hand into his pants, the Lan takes his hand away by the wrist, looking at him sternly while he gave a surprised look and after, a big pout.


“You don’t want to?”


Lan Wang Ji shakes his head and murmurs something he can’t quite catch. Then, he proceeds to flip Wei Wu Xian over without a warning, causing him to yelp. He crawls onto his knees and elbows, immediately feeling his legs give a tremble as the other’s hand smooths over his butt, pulling them apart with one hand as fingers from the other hand slips in between the crack to rub against his back entrance.


“

Lan Zhan-!

”


“Stay still. I will be gentle.”


His voice is soft, a kiss landing on his back between his shoulder blades as his finger continues to rub against him. When he puts it that way, Wei Wu Xian can’t say anything but murmur meaningless words back at him, bracing himself as he trembles. It felt weird at best, strange at worst, and in the back of his mind he realizes there’s no difference between those two.


The hand moves away for a moment, and he hears a soft shift before something slick and wet rubs against him again.


It wasn’t cold, and it takes him a few shuddering breaths later to realize the Lan had coated his fingers with his saliva, the mental image of Lan Wang Ji sucking on his own fingers making him whimper, sticking his hips up higher. “Lan Zhan, you should turn me around. I can’t believe you made me miss such a delightful sight. What do you say, hmm? Let this good man see your beautiful face as you do all these things to me, won’t you? I want to see you. I want you to see me, because I know despite all your attempts to pretend you’re not looking, you’ve always been staring at my face whenever we’re together.”


A finger pressed against his entrance, slipping right in.


“Wai- oh… That feels so weird,” he murmurs. “Are you not listening to me, Lan Wang Ji? Let me turn around. My knees will hurt if I keep kneeling like this, and I know you want to see the way I squirm with your own eyes. Why do you deny it?” A gasp cuts him off as the finger enters deeper into his hole, his shoulders shuddering at the foreign feeling. “Lan Zhan, really. I want to see you. It’s feeling weird and I want to see you and make sure you’re there.” He whines loudly, wriggling his butt only to stop immediately, the movement aiding the finger to go in deeper and poking at places he didn’t even know could feel. Lan Wang Ji curls a finger inside him as if to tell him to stop, and he doesn’t know whether to laugh or shiver at the shock of something running through his spine. So, he does both.


“Lan Zhan, Lan Zhan… You good man, please.”


His voice is cut off for a moment as another finger makes its way into him, and he whines softly, dropping his head down to the sheets. “It’s so tight, I can feel you prodding inside. Why don’t you simply put your hot dick inside me and fill me up to the brim? You’d prefer that, won’t you?” The fingers in him thrusts deep, and he yelps as he feels his knuckle thump at his behind painfully. 


“

Ahh-!

”


Wei Wu Xian whimpers and buries his face in his sheets, a soft, desperate sob wracked from his throat. Whether it was that he finished teasing him or if it was due to the poor state he was in, Lan Wang Ji finally slipped his fingers out turned him over, leaning down to kiss him again, the smaller man keening and mumbling sweet nothings and praises against his lips.


“Oh, fuck… Lan, Zhan…” He mutters under his breath, hands clenching onto the sheets as Lan Wang Ji lined up against him, pushing in slowly till it all went in.


Blearily, Wei Wu Xian opens his eyes only to smile, a hand lifting up to pull him down and kiss him soft. He runs his fingers through his hair, and hums when they catch on something, grinning against his soft lips as he pulls the ribbon away, watching as it flutters over his eyes and the look of surprise on the others face he glanced before they were covered. He shakes his head to get rid of the unintentional blindfold and breaks into soft giggles when the other still has the expression on, his ears fully red down to his neck now, fingers playing with his earlobe with a teasing look.


“Now you 

have

 to tell me… What’s the secret? You always have this on. It’s not a mourning ribbon, is it?” Saying it out loud, he suddenly turns serious, wondering if he touched upon a bad topic. But Lan Wang Ji leans down and takes his lips again, harder, tongue in his mouth as his hip moves to press further up into him, tearing a groan up his throat. He pulls apart, and Wei Wu Xian is left gasping, one hand holding the ribbon and bunching it up in his hand.


“I take that as a no…?” he replies, amused.


“No. It is…” He pauses, leaning down to press his forehead to his. “A tradition of our sect. It is given to one as children and they are treated as a part of us, symbolizing restraint,” the man speaks softly, and he takes time to move slowly, Wei Wu Xian letting out a shuddering laugh at the tight fit of him moving inside. “It is not to be touched by anyone, only the ones we choose as our partners for life.”


The hand holding the ribbon grows tight, nervous butterflies flying through his full stomach. He breathes out slowly, pulling the ribbon close to his face.


“Can I hold it?”


A glint like fire passes through golden eyes, and Wei Wu Xian has his breath taken away by a single, simple word.


“Yes.”


All the man could manage to do was wrap his arms around his shoulder, holding him tightly, squeezing him as hard as his arms allowed, until neither of them could breathe. He doesn’t bother to untangle himself, moving his hips and kissing a trail up his cheek, blowing softly into his ear.


“Show me no restraint, then.”


With a last, shuddering breath, their hips ram against each other violently and their bodies rock up and down with haste, arms tightly clinging onto the other as their mouths seek for the other’s. There’s moans and soft whimpers, whispers of sweet words as Wei Wu Xian throws his head back, chanting the man’s name with his pitched voice. Sweat rolls down his arched back, and it tickles as much as the feeling of Lan Wang Ji pushing in and out of him makes his whole body tremble, nails raking his back with a torn cry. It hurts to not touch him harder, to kiss till he can’t breathe and shout his name, and all he can think is to sway his hips and watch as the blank look on his face turns a little more desperate with each tantalizing clench.


He takes the forehead ribbon to his lips, and he gives it a kiss, a treasure and tradition he found honestly too funny not to tease, but it just wasn’t the right moment to.


There’s a rush of pleasure when the Lan thrusts in harder, ribbon scrunched in his hand as he holds it tight, face flushed as he bucks his hips into the hand touching his dick again, feeling his stomach coil, legs twitching in the other’s painful grip. Then, he hears it again, that odd sound that doesn’t fit the other at all, a soft hitch of his voice as he grunts.


Wei Wu Xian opens his eyes and with another heartbeat, reaches out to give his face a gentle touch, a worried furrow in between his brows.


“Lan Zhan, are you okay?”


There are no words given, but his lips are taken in a tender kiss tasting almost sweet, and he can just barely tell that he wasn’t upset, or in pain, but it was something he didn’t quite understand. It happened quite frequently he realized, and wondered what exactly the Lan had hidden behind all those quiet moments and thoughts to himself. Moreover, Lan Wang Ji was so emotional, he wasn’t sure how much emotions this man kept behind those scarce smiles and caring gestures.


Curling strands of his long hair behind his ear, he pecks his lips, kisses his cheek and his jaw, peppering kisses all over his face as he gives soft whimpers in pleasure, lips parted in a gasp as he thrusts deeper, fingers digging into his shoulder, one hand holding his face close so he couldn’t leave.


“

Lan Zhan. I’m all yours too.

”


The Lan hides his face in his neck, but he can feel the light tremors in his body, and the way he bites down hard makes his breath hitch, a soft scream stuck in the back of his throat. Faster, he can feel his desperate thrusts, body rocked up and down and arms clinging onto him tight. “

Lan Zhan!

” He bites down a curse, humping the others hand as he drowns into the dizzying pleasure, curling up against the man as he comes again, puffing hot breaths against the other’s neck, breath stuttering.


A shudder runs through him as he feels his stomach filled with warm liquid, moaning at the heat, bucking his hips to milk it all out.


“

Wei Ying

, stop moving.”


The man grins slyly, hands on the other’s shoulders as he gives a hard shove and twists his legs, pressing him down on the mattress as they roll over, straddling his hip with a gentle moan as he is pierced deeper.


“Why? 

Let’s continue.

”




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!
You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 15
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Wei Wu Xian woke up the next morning with a dull ache in every possible body part one could think of.


A grin marred his face as he sat up in bed, the loosely draped robe they found in his drawers barely hanging onto his wide shoulders, open at the front without a belt keeping it in place. Looking down, he cringes at the plentiful red marks all over his body, the blue and purple marks of thick fingers on his thigh sending a delicious shiver of thrill up his spine, having to cross his legs and take his eyes off to breathe before he got too excited over the mere thought of how they got there.


Soon, his face morphed into a grin again. A sated, content look of pure bliss as he lays back down, arms wide open on the big bed he had all to himself, alone and empty… and suddenly, he doesn’t feel as great.


Yesterday had been amazing. He can still remember every touch, every kiss, every fluttering moment his stomach clenched. It truly was his first time, whether or not Lan Wang Ji would believe him. There was only so much spring books could teach him, and considering most that he could get his hands on were of men and women, the real deal was both terrifying and thrilling at the same time. Somewhere, his thick face had disappeared along the night, came back again, and he knows fully well that his mouth ran only when he wanted something and to rile the Lan up to do him harder.


Fingers twitching as he clenches at the sheets, he rolls over and jumps off the bed, a hand over his chest, breathing deeply and meditating once more. His body felt hot at the thought, and he wanted to touch the Lan again.


Too bad, after messing around the whole afternoon and into the evening with a light meal in between, Lan Wang Ji had to leave as per usual. Wei Wu Xian had tried to persuade him, but after a few, trying sentences, the man looked truly troubled, enough that even he had to stop himself and kissed him goodbye, tucked back in bed with a few laughs from him, dozing off to sleep as the man sat next to him and brushed his hair away from his face, leaning down to leave a kiss to his temple.


“Lan Zhan…” he whispers to himself, touching his lips.


Smacking his cheeks with both palms, he starts to pace slowly, pulling his robes together and plucking a belt from his drawers to tie the front up enough to cover himself. He hums to himself, a ribbon in between his teeth as he pulls his hair up, but before he can finish tying it up, his feet are caught on something dropped on the floor. He shrieks, fallings on his forearms and scraping his knees on the floor, realizing just how much pain his body was in after last night. It might have been him who asked for more, but it was definitely him to also asked to stop with a tired cry- a beast, the man was.


“I don’t remember leaving a book here. I don’t even own something like this anymore,” he mutters to himself, sitting up and picking up the book laying innocently on the ground, raking his fingers through his messy hair.


Flipping it open, he stands to move in slow steps, deciding he can leave tying his hair up for later when he realizes it was Lan Wang Ji’s book. There was no name of it, but with the neat writing and the way it was written, along with the contents of their days together, it was hard to not know who it was. After all, their first meeting was only between the two of them. No one else would know he had ran up towards the man like that.


There’s a little part of him that says he should put it down, but most of his mischievous side told him to continue. As long as he only read the ones related to his days with him, it wouldn’t be a problem, would it?


Even so, he respected the other enough to only take short glances, flipping through the pages fast, only taking quick glances and smiling when he saw a particular line that caught his eyes, feeling a little flutter inside his chest when he sees his name multiple times over the pages. The writing itself was in report format, not really as casual as notes to himself, but it somehow fit the image of the Lan, bringing a chuckle up his throat.


But he flips the next page, and feels his chest go tight.


“This is dated as tomorrow…?”


Flipping through the book, he reads in quick, vague swipes, taking in the neat writing that didn’t stop yesterday but continued on for at least a dozen more pages, breath coming short with a burn in his chest growing with each sentence.


“

What the hell is this…?

”


A record of yesterday was already written, albeit shortly and curtly. As one would expect, it also contained records of the day before and even up till the first day they met. But as he flipped, he saw dates written for tomorrow, the day after, and the day after that, and he flips, and flips, finding the short notes to continue on till the end of the month, some vague and some in explicit detail. He takes a deep breath, confused, and growing even more so as his name continues to dot the sentences telling him stories of days that have yet to come, of a week later and more.


He couldn’t figure out what it was, or maybe he just didn’t want to.


All he could think of was to find Lan Wang Ji now, and he took a heavy step with his frozen feet, another, until he could feel his limbs move but nothing else, running out the door towards the forest where he knew he would find him.

 

 

“What is this?”


He finds him in the forest as he expected, his back turned to him, looking out into the distance. There’s a soft jump to his shoulders, and if he weren’t so desperate for answers, maybe he would’ve noticed the tell-tale signs of nervousness as he turns around.


“I…”


He stops as if it catches in his throat. The man looks guilty and although he normally would feel anguished to know he was causing such an emotion, right now, all he saw was that there was something wrong, his eyes blinded by red. “What is this, Lan Zhan? I understand making a record of what happened before today, but why are the reports of what happened tomorrow? I thought maybe you were just daydreaming, you could be writing stories, but then I found this-” he pauses to flip a few pages to look at himself, letting out a shuddering breath. Lan Wang Ji knew his own writing.


“You couldn’t possibly know Shijie’s name. Nor that I lived in the Jiang Sect. 

I didn’t tell you anything about them yet.

”


While he is left thrown off, Lan Wang Ji looks disturbed and uncomfortable. A part of his chest squeezed painfully at it, and he stands back straight, the book crunching under his tight grip. “I won’t understand if you don’t speak. So, I’ll help you talk. First,” he narrows his eyes. “You’re not out for my life, are you?”


Lan Wang Ji thins his lips, then calms down once more, shaking his head with a soft ‘no’.


Seeing that, Wei Wu Xian also calms down a little, but the disturbance in his chest refused to go away, taking one step closer. “Then, why this? Why do you know of Shijie? Of Jiang Cheng? Why do you think that I would go back there? It’s been years since I left, even most of the cultivation world doesn’t remember me except on the back of their minds. I haven’t even gone night hunting often anymore.”


“So, why do you have this information?”


There’s silence that fills in between them, and Wei Wu Xian knows he has too much blood in his head, but it’s hard to be calm when the Lan refused to answer his questions quickly, never said anything back, as if he knew and was giving him time to let off steam. He felt a little scandalized, but by what, he wasn’t sure. Then, he finally opened his mouth to speak, and it leaves no satisfaction.


“I live in a different time and space.”


The breath in his lungs is knocked out of him, and he blinks once, then takes a breath, feeling laughter bubble up his chest. “Lan Zhan,” he starts, then tries to quell the acidic taste in his throat. “Even I don’t think this is a great time for jokes…” Wei Wu Xian knew he wasn’t, or at least wanted to believe so, simply because it still didn’t click in his head. If it was stupid theories and ideas, he was the mastermind to all those rumours; but coming from Lan Wang Ji’s voice, it felt wrong.


“... Go on.”


He seems lost for words, but the Lan also seems to have prepared for this, because he doesn’t stop speaking once he starts, reciting information in the most concise, straightforward way.


“Our times run the other way. To you, my time runs backwards. They go across one another, and meet up at certain points once every five years.” So far, Wei Wu Xian could keep up, feeling his arms crossing over his chest. “That’s how we are able to meet.”


“How… do you know this?”


“Where I come from, especially in my sect, it is common knowledge.”


“The reason you had to go back early?” he asks, and gets a nod back in reply.


“The time resets at midnight.”


Wei Wu Xian feels a sigh come up from his lungs, deep and weary, arms tightly clinging onto himself. “That doesn’t explain how you know things from the past. Or, your future.” He points out, and Lan Wang Ji nods again, a movement he wants to stop now, nails scraping against the side of his arm. This time however, Lan Wang Ji does not reply, instead looks away, as if he didn’t want to tell.


On the other hand, Wei Wu Xian was tired of asking questions.


“… … You knew.”


“… Mm.”


“You lied to me.”


“… … Mm.”


“You didn’t think… You couldn’t tell me?”


“…”


“Did you think I would… I guess I shouldn’t believe you, but as crazy as it’s going to sound, I do. Because I know you’re not the type to lie- but maybe is that also an act? Lan Zhan, this whole thing, if you knew what was going to happen every day, you could have just told me. Then, we could have openly talked about it and I wouldn’t be dancing around, being the only one without a clue what was going on, going along with this ‘future’ you already knew!” A shuddering breath, and he takes one step back. “You didn’t have to follow this... 

This script.

” His chest burned, throat and eyes itching as his lips tremble, voice cracking as he speaks.


“… Was everything ever 

true

 to you?”


Met with another long silence, Wei Wu Xian turns around and runs off the other way, hiding himself in the wilderness before going home, locking himself in.




Chapter End Notes
Shout out to a_demon_soul (hello, hi I am definitely alive uwu) because they literally made me burst out laughing because they got it, and then retracted their statement in the next hour. But yes, you got it XD But shhh let it... slowly... simmer in. -u-
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!
You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 15 (~16)
Chapter Notes
As usual, just keeping to time :3Next chapter will be up tonight as usual~

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





It was late into the night, the outside dark as the sun went down hours ago.

Xue Yang comes barging into Wei Wu Xian’s house, opening the door without a single reservation, here to get the red ink the man made to bring back to the store, having ran out just this afternoon. He opens his mouth for a remark, but closes it when the first thing he sees is a clean room. When he goes inside, the man is laying in bed, blankets over himself and curled up, moping instead of his usual crazy litter of papers on the floor, jotting down notes like a madman in his little cave.

The whole situation screams at him to turn around, but he relents and walks in, slamming the door behind him with a satisfied smirk when the man jumps in surprise.

“Xue Yang! What are you doing here?”

“That’s my question. I thought you would be out with that man of yours. I still don’t believe you when you said you just met him in the forest.” He retorts, ignoring him as he reaches for the top cabinets, pulling down the large jars of ink and placing down the small jars he brought from the marketplace, lading in the ink one by one, closing it with a seal so he didn’t have to bother with it spilling as he leaves. The boy tries to ignore the man, but it’s hard when he is acting so moody, a whine heard amongst it.

“Well, you were right.”

This however, catches his attention. Not all of it, as he continued to ladle the ink and pretend he didn’t care. But Wei Wu Xian caught on, and seemed to slowly unfurl himself from his cocoon, peeking out like a child who was caught doing something bad. Sometimes, he genuinely wonders how he is considered an adult.

Wei Wu Xian doesn’t hesitate to tell Xue Yang everything, simply because there was nowhere the boy would have to tell, nor was he the type with a loose tongue. Still, each word made Xue Yang want to run out and not have to deal with this situation, if it weren’t his only income on the line. Although he could run, he rather liked having this stable life where he wasn’t running around in rags and having to beg for food.

“I’m not angry at Lan Zhan anymore,” he admits, and proceeds to give a dramatic sigh, falling over to the side, cushioned by his mattress.

“I’m angry at myself, and frustrated. Also sad and upset and I can’t believe I got angry at him. I said so many horrible things to him and I acted worse than a 5 year old.” He moans to himself, shoving a pillow into his face. “But I also meant everything I said.” He was so heartbroken about the truth, that Lan Wang Ji apparently didn’t trust him enough to tell him, that he feels his pride shattered in pieces. He also doesn’t know what to do with this newly acquired information, wanting nothing but to shove it aside and not think about it for a few days. He thought he wouldn’t want to talk to anyone, but he couldn’t even urge up the strength to kick Xue Yang out. The boy himself groans about how he is talking to him anyways.

“I thought you bragged about how smart you were, but I was right. You are an idiot, that’s it.”

“What do you mean by that?”

“Don’t you understand simple sentence structure? You. Are. An. Idiot.”

“I don’t need you to patronize me!” Wei Wu Xian hollers, tired and upset, throwing his pillow at the boy who dodged it just as easily.

“Then, why are you talking to me? I’m the wrong person to be talking to,” he points out, taking the pillow to sit on it, ladling another pot full. “Aren’t you forgetting the important details? You only have 14 more days with him. More importantly, if his time is moving backwards, you realize the last thing you’ve said to him before he has to start ‘acting’ as you call it, was all that?” he waves a hand, spilling drops of ink on the floor.

Wei Wu Xian pauses at his words, going still.

He hadn’t thought too hard about it, but at Xue Yang’s reminder, he is reminded of the times Lan Wang Ji uncharacteristically cried, or looked so emotional and in pain, going quiet for a few seconds with tears in his eyes but looking away, smiling at him softly, more when they first met than he does now. Maybe... Maybe he didn’t smile often before Wei Wu Xian met him, considering his character. That made his chest burn again, because that means he was crying because while Wei Wu Xian was innocently enjoying his first time holding hands and excited over their first kiss and the first time Lan Wang Ji allowed him to touch him and take him home, the man had been experiencing the last time he could touch, kiss, or even hold his hand, and their first meeting…

Lan Wang Ji had deliberately come to find him, hadn’t he?

Yet, it wasn’t the end for him. He would be facing the rest of his time having to keep the secret and face the last moments with him while Wei Wu Xian is completely oblivious?

“I have to find him.” He sits up, throwing the covers away. “I have to tell him that I… I have to talk to him.”

Jumping out of bed, he nearly runs out of the hut when Xue Yang grabs his arm and stops him. He hadn’t even noticed the boy stood up, too preoccupied in his own thoughts. “Are you really that stupid? How are you going to find him? Even if that Lan Wang Ji knew that you were going to look for him, maybe he doesn’t want to hear your excuses. Besides,” he points out the windows. “Your time is over.”

A sense of dread washes over him when he notices the moon shining down is no longer coming in through the right window, and thinking back on the time he was stuck running around the forest and coming back home to sulk.

He knew it as much as Xue Yang did that the day was over. Even if he had time, if he were to go out looking blindly, he would still be late. If that was true, Lan Wang Ji must have moved on to the next day already, and the Lan Wang Ji now would be the one who has yet to see his horrible temper and a side of him he wished he could take back. He lost his chance to apologize, and he’s not sure what to do anymore.

“Don’t call me stupid, I’m your shifu whether you like it or not.”

“

Hah!

 Dream on, Wei Wu Xian.”

“I have a track on him, after something happened last time.”

Even as they argue, the older man mostly still staring blankly at the door, Xue Yang lets go of him to grab some things from the drawer, throwing blank papers and a pair of scissors onto the table, kneeling in front of it as he starts sealing the remaining little pots. For once, Wei Wu Xian does feel like he’s an idiot, but now his head was clearing up a little, getting a clear idea of what he wanted to do.

Xue Yang doesn’t want to hear the contents of it however, so he quickly shoves everything into the basket he brought them in while the man starts crafting something with the materials. He throws a hand up in a greeting, and leaves before Wei Wu Xian is finished, holding a thin little cut-out of a paper man, scribing a few seals before it comes to life.

“I have a track on him. Follow it, little one.”

Giving it a little poke, he lets the paperman fly off into the night, careful not to get caught in anything and luckily, he uses spiritual energy to keep it from losing its way, letting it follow along for the far distance. It takes a while, but he finally reaches Lan Wang Ji who is found sitting by the lakeside they met two weeks ago, and the paperman dances around the man. Then he lands on his open hand, slowly walking and jumping up to his shoulder, a paper hand placed against his face.

A bright but small red light glows, and Lan Wang Ji lets the paperman touch him with it, a clear voice ringing in his head.

“Lan Zhan, I’m sorry.” 

“I’m so sorry. Tomorrow; 

Your tomorrow

, I’m going to say some horrible things to you. I’ll say terrible things and I’ll act like a jerk, and I’ll hurt your feelings, not even apologizing after that because I’m an idiot and never realized what you had to go through in time. I shouldn’t have said the things I did, and I should have thought about what I was saying first instead of getting mad at you. It’s not your fault, it really isn’t. It’s no one’s fault, and I… I truly think, I’m glad to have met you.”

Lan Wang Ji lets out a shuddering breath, and Wei Wu Xian doesn’t know what to take that as, unable to see clearly what the other’s expression was.

“I love you. Whether you’re from a different world, or time, or even if I can only meet you again for the next fourteen days. I enjoyed our time together so much, and I cannot apologize enough for how horrible I was to you when all you did was give me so much happiness and love! I, Wei Wu Xian, vow that I truly love you no matter what. I am going to be so selfish tomorrow. You might lose faith in me, maybe you won’t love me as much with how much of a jerk I will be, but I hope… I hope that you’ll forgive me. I really want to spend the rest of my remaining days with you without wasting another minute.”

“Lan Zhan,” he calls weakly, voice trembling. “Can I come to where you are?”




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 16
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Wei Wu Xian runs to the river, panting loudly despite his high cultivation, heart drumming in his ears, fear running his blood cold.


He’s scared, he’s a little terrified of facing the Lan, but as soon as he comes to a stop, as soon as his eyes gaze upon the Lan sitting there, beautiful and glowing under the moonlight, he doesn’t care if he’s uncool or stupid or even a fool, because he looks so lonely, so alone, he felt his heart cry in his stead.


“Lan Zhan…”


“...”


“I’m sorry.”


“... Nothing has happened to me.”


“But it’s still you! It’s you who I’ll get mad at, and it’s you who I’ll blame everything on, and it’s you that… It’s 

you.

”


“It’s okay.”


“No, it’s not.”


They stare at each other, gazes hard, then soft, then determined as Wei Wu Xian takes a few steps closer. When the other doesn’t budge or tell him to go away, he takes another step forward, then another, until he is in front of him, then he takes a deep breath, sitting next to the Lan, their shoulders barely touching as his eyes face the other way. It is awkward, and he doesn’t know what to do, but just being here and not being pushed away made him feel safer, and a little better.


“Lan Zhan, I’m…” He can’t help himself as apologies string on his tongue, frowning deeply as he tries to stop himself.


“No need.”


It didn’t sit right with him, that Lan Wang Ji forgave him so easily. True, he was still annoyed that he wasn’t told the truth, but he’s simply guessing at this point that there was a reason. Cultivators were taught not to mess with demonic forces. He had never cared, but taboos were everywhere. For something as fickle as time and something that may as well be the future, he didn’t even know where to start thinking up rules and morale’s people of his Sect must have created.


“… Okay. No more, then.” He takes a peek to the side, then smiles a little when his heart flutters, realizing just how much he cared about him. He had known for sure four days ago, and now he realizes it really meant forever. So, he teases. “We can always find better things to occupy our mouths with, don’t you think?”


Lan Wang Ji lifts his head with surprise in his eyes, and Wei Wu Xian laughs at his expense, scooting closer, a hand gently placed over his.


“If you’d let me, that is.”


Pain fills his eyes again, as if it was the Lan who had done something wrong, not Wei Wu Xian who had made a fool of himself for the past two days. With a gentle nod given as permission, he leans in, pecking his cheek softly. He then lifts himself up onto his knees, kissing over his eyelids, his forehead, his nose and down to the other side of his cheek.


Their eyes meet for a second, and Lan Wang Ji pulls him closer with a hand behind his head, holding him tightly as he kisses his lips tenderly, simply sitting next to each other by the river with shoulders leaning against one another.


“Lan Zhan.”


“Mm?”


“Tell me more. About this thing. I think I understand the concept well enough, anyone has thought about warping time with the concept of immortality. But this is… Different.” He frowns, and slowly lays his head on his shoulder. “Besides, even if our times were moving the opposite direction, that doesn’t give you any reason to approach me. Or for me to know you, since I would be an adult when you were only five.”


Lan Wang Ji sighs softly, and he can feel his breath sway the front of his bangs, a hesitant hand gently placed on his waist making him comfortable, leaning in further in approval.


“Our time was intertwined on the first warp for me, and you.”


Wei Wu Xian hums when a hand comes to hold his waist gently, rubbing his cheek against his shoulder in approval. “When I was five, I almost drowned. I was dragged down by water ghouls at the lake in Caiyi Town, not too far away from my Sect. Usually there are no water ghouls there, but the warp brought some over from this side of the world, and I was alone at the time, so no one else was there to save me.”


“But you came and pulled me out.”


“

I’m glad you’re safe.

 But since you told me this, then I must have gone there knowing I could save you. I wonder what came first, the chicken or the egg.” He snuggles close, starting to relax a bit more, the warmth of his skin and the scent of sandalwood making him much calmer. “You as a child sounds adorable. I can imagine you, with your expression now, pouty lips and a pretty face even then.”


Lan Wang Ji simple huffs softly, and he had a feeling he was amused or shy, though he can’t tell which one it was. “I met you as well, when you were five. You ran away from…” he pauses, then gives his waist a small squeeze. “Dogs, and ended up in the forest alone.” Wei Wu Xian chuckles a little, humming in reply so he could continue, not really minding the mention of them. Normally he would squeak, or jump, and to be honest he did feel a chill on the back of his neck, but he can suffer a little bit of that. “You were attacked by a beast, but I found you and took you back.”


“Wait, Lan Zhan. 

You’re

 that person?”


Tilting his head up, he sees the slight tint of pink on his ears, and he giggles, pressing his lips to his neck softly. “We saved each other’s lives, and so without the other, neither of us could be alive here right now… This sounds like a story you’d find in books and records.” He hums, pleased and feeling a little better as things start to piece together. But it still didn’t answer why he was here. “Lan Zhan, why did you look for me? You could have just told the older me what would happen. I would have saved you regardless, even if I didn’t know you. It would have made me wonder if it’s a trap, but I wouldn’t let a child drown and die from water ghouls if I could help it.”


He probably said something right, or maybe something significant, because Lan Wang Ji had a soft look in his eyes as if he was remembering a nice memory, and he doesn’t question it as his lips touch his forehead, warmth spreading on his face.


“Our meeting wasn’t necessary, but I chose to.”


Wei Wu Xian felt the warmth on his face turn up into a scorching burn, hiding it in the other’s shoulder and nudging his outer robe to cover himself where he could. “Warn a man before saying things like that! What if I pass out here, or my heart gives in? Then neither of us will get to live through that day and…” He sighs, then lifts his head to peck his lips, then plop his head back down.


“I’m glad you did. I enjoyed our days, I loved everything. I love you, a lot more than I think I realize myself. No matter what happens, know that my eyes were drawn to you the moment you came to find me.”


If Lan Wang Ji was trying to use his silence to hide the way his shoulders shook, or the soft sound of his nose as he felt hot tears drop on his cheek, he didn’t say a word. He simply closed his eyes and wrapped his arms around the Lan’s head and guided him down, pulling him to his chest. He whispers sweet little words, playing with his hair and listening to the babbling water beside them, pretending nothing happened when the Lan lifted his head with tears gone but eyes red, kissing away the tracks on his cheek.


Little is done that day, and they do not see each other in the afternoon or during the night, still unable to breathe right. They decide to meet the next day, go out and find a place in the forest where they could spend it alone and together, their hands entangled until the very end as they part, barely letting go.




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!
You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 17
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Today was supposed to be Wei Wu Xian coming out to be a good partner to Lan Wang Ji and making up for the incident, even if the man had told him no.


Yet, when he finds the Lan, it wasn’t him but the other who started dancing around him, looking away as if something had happened, flinching when he came too close. The man is left confused and conflicted, having to keep his distance when the other was acting like a disturbed cat, taking glances whenever he seemed calmer, wondering what happened. Did something happen tomorrow? Or was he anxious because he didn’t know what would happen tomorrow? He guesses the latter.


This was not good. Wei Wu Xian really just wants to make the days he had left to give all that he can to Lan Wang Ji, to make him enjoy himself as much as he had fun with him, so he creates a relaxing atmosphere with them sitting on the grass, going back to their usual, comfortable silence as he talks softly about nothing too important.


“Lan Zhan, I don’t like this.”


There’s a flash of hurt in his eyes, and Wei Wu Xian is glad he catches it quick so he can reach out for his hand and pull him in, glaring up at him with a hard stare when he stood up to walk off the other way.


“I mean this. Acting awkward, acting like that changes everything. It’s my fault, I know, and I know you’re trying to act normal but it’s not working. Isn’t this the last time you can talk to me openly about these things? Tell me, Lan Zhan. Tell me everything. Open up to me, I swear to you that my feelings haven’t changed, and they won’t change from now on. I did get angry, but I’m not going to leave you.”


He’s glad to see the receding traces of wary, but something feels off because he doesn’t seem to be worried at all at the topic. Still, he continues on, pushing forward while holding his hand, lacing their fingers together.


“Lan Zhan… I love you. I respect you. There’s so much I probably don’t understand yet, and I might hurt you again, and what I make you go through in your future is not excusable, even if it was something I couldn’t control.” Taking a deep breath, he pushes him back, a step, another, until he shoves him up against a tree, and he watches his wide eyes with mild glee, leaning in to press his cheek against his, voice low in a whisper as he knows the other likes to listen to, pressing up against him.


“But I want to spend the rest of our days together, at least the first half of your time with me, making sure you’re happy.”


Tilting his head up, he places a gentle peck on his lips, and feels a squeal erupt from his throat as he’s pushed and tugged, roughly shoved against the tree as his lips are taken, a warm mouth sucking on his tender skin, feeling his teeth bite down on the juncture of his neck, crying out in pain until they turn into butterfly kisses that make him moan weakly, a breathless gasp escaping him.


“

Lan Zhan.

”


He feels him pause to hesitate, so Wei Wu Xian whines loudly and tugs at the hand holding his wrists against the painful bark against his back, whispering a soft ‘more’ to urge him on, to continue in their thorough need for intimacy. A smirk spreads on his lips when he continues immediately, hand roaming over his chest over his robes, pushing it off his shoulders and undoing his belt as swiftly as possible. He thinks he hears a light rip of thread somewhere along the way, but Wei Wu Xian couldn’t care less as he kicks his pants off one of his legs when it is tugged down, moaning loudly without restraint when he starts palming his length.


“

Oh

, Lan Zhan…”


“Wei Ying, I was not avoiding you because I was mad.” The sudden voice made him squeal, ticklish as his breath went into his ears, wriggling in his grip. “Then..?” He asks, calming down enough to talk, moving his hips slowly against his hand. “... Tomorrow, we…” The Lan stops again, his ears red and he moves away from his face, going down to bite down on his shoulder, earning him a yelp.


“You need to stop biting me! Tomorrow? 

Mine?

 What about tomorrow? Wait, what day is it…?” It should be around fifteen days, sixteen, seventeen… No, that's silly. But... “Lan Zhan, when was the first time you had sex with me- 

Ah!

 Ow Ow, STOP BITING!”


It didn’t hurt as much as Wei Wu Xian was acting out, but it still stung as his teeth dug deeper into his shoulder, and the man wonders why he couldn’t just show his embarrassment through something less violent. “Can you not tear your poor partner apart? Ow, that stings…” He mutters, pouting as he tugs at his hands again. A tremble runs through him when his heated tongue laps at the bruised mark, and he groans, bucking his hips forward against the other’s, his hand gone now and no longer giving him the pleasure.


“So I finally took your virginity, as you took mine. Now, you can take me back home all you want afterwards, but right now, why don’t you show me what I’ve taught you here, hm~? Can’t you see how desperate I am to feel you?”


He could almost hear the snap in Lan Wang Ji as he pulled his forehead ribbon off and tied his arms up above his head, rendering him useless against his strength, withering under his touches and plucking every sound possible from his body. He realized a little while later that he would wake up with his body aching horribly the day after yet again.


That didn’t stop him from running his mouth every time.




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!
You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 18
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





One other thing that happened was that Wei Wu Xian now had free access to his record book.

What he noticed now that he wasn’t as angry or pumped with adrenaline was that none of the reports were as detailed as he once thought. They had details such as names and new people they may meet, and sometimes he would he random words hanging out there on the pages, unsure what they meant. Especially one where it said flower on the next day, and no matter how many times he asked Lan Wang Ji, he refused to speak up.

For the day, they decided to take a walk in the forest again, but Wei Wu Xian got bored of simply walking and started teasing the man, stealing kisses and leaving quick, loud smooches on his cheeks, grinning widely as he did.

When even that got too repetitive and Lan Wang Ji looked as if he was about to burst into flames from embarrassment, he decided to give him something to let out all that frustration and pent up… emotions, let’s say. Bichen is a beautiful sword, and Wei Wu Xian glances at it before he asks for a duel, a rematch for when he lost long ago. He realizes a little after they pull their swords out that Lan Wang Ji had an unfair advantage, probably having crossed swords with him multiple times before that first match of his.

But he wasn’t a stingy person, and it was true that Lan Wang Ji genuinely was very good with the sword.

Suibian is swung wildly in the air, trying to speed up faster than before, each swing getting faster while Bichen’s aim turned sharper and blows heavier against his blade, loud clanging and bursts of spiritual energy creating dents where they stood defense.

The thrill was amazing, and he missed this so much, he grins even when the duel came to an end with his back against the floor once more, and they continued this for a few more rounds, finding out that they may have incredibly different styles, but they were fairly evenly matched. Wei Wu Xian grinned and pointed out later that Lan Wang Ji had an unfair advantage because his body was sore all around due to yesterday.

“?”

Obviously, he didn’t understand and looked worried instead. All he had to do was grin at him coquettishly, lean in and drawing his finger under his chin, tilting his head so he could glance up from below, eyes narrowed.

“You know best what you want to do to me in the bedroom. Like how hard you would like to pound yourself into me, and make me a screaming mess.”

The whisper got to him hard, and Wei Wu Xian laughs as he jumps away from the flapping sleeve of his white robes, grinning when he sees the angry furrow of his brows and his very red ears, knowing he was not wrong. He only hit the mark too hard, and maybe all the other could think about how as their adrenaline pumped in their veins was exactly the words he had whispered in his ears.

“You don’t want to?” He grins mischievously, sheathing Suibian and letting it drop beside him, pulling the skirt of his robe aside for him to get a look at his legs. Too bad he wore his pants, but it seemed to work for show.

He watches as his breath hitches, his golden eyes grow dark as he took a step forward, and Wei Wu Xian took one step back. He laughs softly, and opens his arms up, giving him permission to come over here and hold him, squeezing him tightly when he is held. Without warning, he locks his ankle around the back of his knees and shouts ‘surprise!’, falling back and pulling the other along, feeling soft grass cushion the rather hard fall, a loud thud heard from the inside of his chest, but he doesn’t feel too much in pain as he is held up slightly by the other’s hold, most of his fall cushioned through that.

“You...”

“A little danger never scared me off~ Don’t worry. I trusted my partner would catch me through it all.”

With a grin, he cups the Lan’s face, feeling the warmth radiating from it despite the coolness to its appearance, smiling softly as he guides him down, till their foreheads touched. “We have kissed, right?” There’s a soft nod, and he takes that moment to blow against his lips, feeling the man tremble under his hand. He laughs, then slips his hand down to pinch his chin, tilting his lips down to meet his.

“You don’t have to worry about anything. I oiled myself up this morning, just for you.”

There’s a noticeable jump of his shoulders, and he laughs as he pulls his lips down on his again, his hands going down to undo his belt and spread his robes apart, clawing at the front of the other’s robes as well.

“Come here~ I’ll show you every inch of me you could possibly see.”




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 19
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





The next day, Lan Wang Ji drags him off to a distance and tells him to mount Suibian, leading him to a different town.

He doesn’t complain as he is led through town, and then when the man stops walking and turns around, he laughs and starts taking lead, realizing neither of them knew this place at all. Wei Wu Xian remembers it a little in passing, but he had never really stopped by too long. It was not too far away, but because it was so close, he never had to stop here and rest for the night when he went out travelling or night hunting.

“This bao is really good. The shaobing at that stall also tasted great. Remind me to buy a bag full before we go back. I want to bring some back for Xue Yang and Grandma next to our store. She apparently gave him a whole bowl full of sweets the other day, so I want to give something back in return.”

After a nod, they continue to snack on small things one by one, and visited a few other stalls they point at. Wei Wu Xian looks at them in awe, then when he sees a toy store, he jumps at it and tries to play with a few things before he refuses to buy them, running off to another stall where they were selling lanterns.

What was surprising was not Wei Wu Xian running about, but when Lan Wang Ji suddenly disappears from the main road and goes towards a lady selling flowers in the corner of the street.

He comes back quietly and with a look of satisfaction, a bouquet in hand. He stops for a second, looking contemplative once he was in front of him. The bouquet is held out for him to take, filled with blue flowers that were familiar to most that lived around this area and back home, but he wonders if it was rare where Lan Wang Ji came from.

“For you.”

“Thanks!”

He grins, happy to receive them even if it felt a bit too girly, leaning in to kiss him thank you. But he admits, he also felt a little confused at the abruptness of it all. Lan Wang Ji had never struck him as someone who gifted flowers to a man. Moreover, something about the look in his eyes tell him there’s more to it than shown or said, but he can’t really put a finger on it. He doesn’t really plan to think too deeply into it, even more so when Lan Wang Ji looks like he’s pleased about his work done, yet having this odd air of annoyance for a single moment. The only way he could possibly figure out what’s wrong is to know the root of the problem.

… …

...

Wei Wu Xian stares at the flower, and at the stall beside him, selling colourful ribbons and cloth for people to buy.

“You’re a genius!”

He jumps and kisses Lan Wang Ji one more time, holding the flowers close to his chest, staring at it with an excited grin on his face. He then directs that same happy look to the Lan, kissing him one more time for good measure. “These are used for dye! They grow around my place, so I can pick them easily too. I could make that blue ink I’ve been so frustrated about since day one with these!”

Finally, after failing so many times, he can make it.

“It would take a few tests, I’m not sure if it would work, but it is probably better than the flowers themselves I’ve been using from other plants.” He starts rambling to himself, listing things he needs to buy before they go home. “Besides, it’s already proved these give out color, so maybe I’ll be lucky.” He really was lucky, gently rubbing the stem, thinking of how he would learn to harvest them.

Oh, if only his shidi could see him now.

He then realizes he went off on his own, but he doesn’t really think the other would mind, taking his hand and pulling him along.

“You have to help me buy the ingredients. After that, I’ll buy you lunch!”

Lan Wang Ji gives a soft, satisfied look, nodding his head. He realized this was the first gentle look he caught today, and his heart jumped a little beat.

“Okay.”




Chapter End Notes
Note: Persicaria tinctoria- 쭉잎- used to make blue dye for cloth. Blue color of flowers is inside the stem before flowers form and bloom. Dunk leaves/stem in water and let it seep out, then put in grated shell to make into pasteBeta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 20
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





“Xue Yang! Can’t you leave us alone?!”

“Not if you’re going to leave this little thing with me!”

“A-Yuan is not a 

thing!!

 He’s adorable! Just look at his chubby cheeks!!! Don’t you want to take care of him when you see that?”

“If you think he’s so cute, then you take care of him then!”

“Not today!”

While the two fought childishly with shouts, Lan Wang Ji was standing aside with Wen Yuan in his arms who laughed and giggled at the two fighting adults, not hearing much of the conversation or minding it. This was a normal occurrence and even if they said all those things, both brothers of his always treated him nice and came back to coo and cuddle him if he asked for it nicely, so this was merely entertaining to the child.

A-Yuan turns his head and opens his arms, and Lan Wang Ji nods as he lets the child wrap his arms around him, squeezing him tight in a hug.

He has no idea what he did to gain the child’s approval or love, but the boy has refused to let him go since the two started. Well, he knew Wei Wu Xian was doing it mostly because it was fun to see Xue Yang get riled up, as the signs of laughter sometimes showed on the edge of his lips. He’s surprised the boy hasn’t caught up with it yet, considering how sharp he seemed to be back in the store.

“A-Yuan.”

“Hm~?”

The child hums in his high pitched voice, a finger against his lips with a tilt of his big head. He did have very chubby cheeks, and Lan Wang Ji was tempted to touch them and poke at them, which he decided to try with a small touch, eyes glistening with interest when he felt how soft they were.

“Pretty gege??? Kya-hahaha! That tickles!”

When he moved to give his cheek a poke, the child started laughing out loud, and Lan Wang Ji found himself smiling softly in his own subdued way, poking his chest and stomach till the boy was giggling, out of breath, squirming in his arms.

“

Gege!!!

”

The squeals stop when he removes his poking finger from his sides, and he gently rocks the child in his arms. A-Yuan struggles, and although he doesn’t seem angry, he asks to be let down, pointing at the ground and kicking his legs, jumping up and down within his hold. The man isn’t sure whether it was safe to let him run back, but he kneels down to place the child on the floor, watching him run before he stands back up.

“Yang-gege! Xian-gege!!”

A-Yuan runs towards them, and the two stop arguing when the child comes close. They glare at each other, but Wei Wu Xian lets out another sound when the boy crashes into his legs again, clinging onto him and hanging, crouching down on his heels and rocking back and forth, a pout on his lips.

“Xian-gege, Xian-gege~~! Let’s go have lunch. A-Yuan is hungry. Yang-gege can eat with us, and then Yang-gege can give me sweets!”

“The nerve you have, you little runt.”

Said ‘Yang-gege’ came towards the boy and bent down, pinching his cheek gently before he stands up, shrugging his shoulder exaggeratedly. “I won’t say no to a free meal. I want to eat chicken.”

“As if you don’t already free load!”

“Chicken! Xian-gege, I want chicken!”

“See, A-Yuan knows what’s good for us all.”

“As if you weren’t just saying-”

They both stop, feeling the presence of the Lan come close finally, and Wei Wu Xian is the one reduced to childish pouting, bending down to pick A-Yuan up into his arms and walking towards the man, whining.

“Lan Zhan~ Look at these two brats! They’re making me pay for their lunch and not even a word of thanks was said. Aren’t they rude?”

“Thank you!” A-Yuan raises his arms, cuddling the man and giving a slobbery kiss to his cheek. “Go! Xian-gege, A-Yuan hungry!” He kicks his legs, and Wei Wu Xian holds him tight so he can’t keep kicking at his stomach anymore. “Okay, okay, A-Yuan. Calm down! Remember your manners and don’t kick me!”

He only proceeds to giggle, and Xue Yang smartly decides to stay silent throughout this discourse, knowing Wen Yuan would do a better job of convincing the adults for a free meal than he would.

“Fine, chicken it is. Lan Zhan, you’re coming with us?”

The crowd is a lot, there’s a toddler and a violent teen, an adult who acts like a child with hints of maturity and overflowing mischief, but Lan Wang Ji didn’t dislike this new environment different to his own.

“Yes.”




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 21
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





It should be the ninth day since Lan Wang Ji has met him.


Only the ninth day, Wei Wu Xian thinks as he sits on the grassy floor, eyes closed and happily getting kissed and held affectionately.


Truth to be told, he almost expected the Lan to suddenly be unable to return his emotions once a few days had passed. Apparently, he had looked down on the Lan’s feelings too much. Because even now the way he treated him was gentle, almost too tender, he wonders why he wanted to spoil him so.


After spending the early afternoon visiting his store to check up on Xue Yang and make sure everything was going smoothly, they had taken themselves to the forest with a few snacks piled up in Wei Wu Xian’s arms, hot and warm oil paper smearing over his skin and the scent of fried snacks triggering his hunger. He gulfed them down as the other fed him more by handing each one over when his hand became bare, barely speaking a word as he ate one fried biscuit at the pace of a snail.


“Won’t you be hungry with just that?”


The Lan simply shakes his head and continues to eat, refusing to talk. As the other should know by now, that only made him want to force him to talk more, so he scooted closer, leaning in.


“Lan Zhan~ How does it taste? Good? She did give us a few extras, you can have them all if you like it. I can get them anytime I want.”


There’s a hard stare as if annoyed directed his way, but Wei Wu Xian can tell it wasn’t true annoyance at him, more at his actions. “You should answer someone when they speak to you, it’s rude to ignore me when I’m talking.” He hums, playful and teasing, sprawling and arm over his lap. “Even if I say this, you won’t listen to what I have to say? Lan Zhan~ Gege? Pretty gege~ Listen to A-Xian when he’s speaking. You listened to A-Yuan so well yesterday. I thought you were bad with children, but you were so good. Was the last time you met him an act? It didn’t seem like it.”


“One should not speak while eating.”


Lan Wang Ji replies finally after all his rambling, after swallowing the smallest piece of food in his mouth. He swore this man ate like a grandfather, both in taste, texture, speed and possibly, this man even counted the number of times he chewed to make sure it was enough times that it was considered healthy.


“I do. What will you do, Pretty gege? Punish me?”


That was how Wei Wu Xian had started, perching both hands on his thigh, then in between his legs, and soon he was crawling over him, pulled onto his lap with arms wrapped tightly around his small waist, kissing the Lan till his head felt fuzzy and all that escaped his mouth was dazed giggles and soft laughs, teasing words that were no longer as potent when the Lan domineered over him so hard, he could barely breathe. He loved it, and loved the affectionate way he glanced at him.


Turning around, he snuggles his back against the man’s chest, closing his eyes as he lets the other cuddle him close, keeping them warm through the chilly forest breeze, huffing a soft puff of laughter whenever he felt lips tease above his hair and the side of his head, leading down to his neck a little hesitantly, but turning bold the moment he gave a keen in approval, tilting his head aside to give him more space.


It felt comfortable, not too sexually needy, but just soft kisses all over as they stayed silent, picking the Lan’s hand up to his mouth to give it a loud, sounding kiss on the knuckle once in a while just to hear the other’s voice hitch and his grip on him tighten.


Wei Wu Xian wants to tease him for being such a romantic, a very cheesy one, but as he holds his hand and laces their fingers together, he realizes he was enjoying it just as much as Lan Wang Ji was, and he was initiating enough that teasing him would only result in his realization of everything he’s done.


He can’t stand that; he finds himself sounding too desperate for his liking.


They share affection like it’s the last time they will see each other, and in a way, he supposed that was true. Although they would be meeting each other in their own timeline once again the next day, they would be meeting those with a different memory from yourself, lacking the information from your time but having stories of happenings that is their future. It was confusing and he didn’t think he should think too hard on the feelings, otherwise, there would be no end to the dilemma. But he still hung on, knowing that it was only a matter of time before the Lan would not show him the same affection anymore.


“How are you so beautiful, Lan Zhan?”


Complimenting him was so easy, especially when there was so much he could pick upon. Beauty was one, strength, perseverance, kindness, generosity…. There were many things he wondered if he was holding up as well as he swore to the day he became a cultivator, swore underneath the moon.


Reaching for the ground, he picks the prettiest flower scattered near them and blows at it, swatting the petals gently to free it of wet grass before tucking it behind the Lan’s ear, a huge, silly smile on his face.


“Now you’re even prettier~”


An exasperated sigh leaves the other’s lips, but he swears he almost saw a little hint of red on his ears as he turns away and picks up another flower, doing the exact same thing and Wei Wu Xian let him, tilting his head down so that it was easier for the Lan to stick it behind his ear, tilting his head up with a confident poise.


“Now we match~”




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!
You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 22
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





It is another sunny day, and as time starts to grow lesser and Wei Wu Xian feeling the need to show as much affection as he can while the other still wanted it, he stands close, smiling at him and speaking anything and everything he can think of in his head.

The two are walking down the street together, eyes glued to the other as they speak, Wei Wu Xian loudly and occasionally soft to speak things that shouldn’t be spoken out in the open, and Lan Wang Ji who never spoke louder than a certain volume, refusing to answer at times when the other said things he was too much of a gentleman to answer, but didn’t want to lie to his partner.

Out of the blue, a few girls come up to them both, giggling and chattering, picking up a conversation with them.

“Please wait! The two gentlemen over there, please let us talk to you for a moment!”

Lan Wang Ji goes silent, while Wei Wu Xian gives a confused but polite hum in answer. They have been following them for a while now, but neither of them had paid too much attention to it, their eyes stolen by each other, attention on every word they shared. However, the girls come and while they mostly coo over them both and flutter their lashes in their direction, one of the girls stands back, hands hidden behind her back.

“Oh, right! We have someone who wants to talk to you!”

“Yes yes, a very cute girl indeed!”

The girl who had been slowly shying away was pulled forward by the other girls, shoved towards Wei Wu Xian who has to hold his arm out to catch her from knocking into him, not wanting her to fall, but also not wanting to have her thrown right into his chest. He keeps her steady at elbow’s length, a hand on her shoulder and the other on her upper arm so she doesn’t fall, bending his head down to peer at her face.

“You okay?”

“I- I’m…” The girl stutters and with a red face, she shoves a bouquet of blue flowers in his face, falling to his hands before she looks at him hopefully and turns around to dash away. It’s a bit confusing, and seeing as the girls disperse after the grandiose display, he is unsure whether to feel confused or a little flattered. Last month, he would have gladly returned kind words to the brave girl, but he found himself looking at the Lan instead, a teasing grin on his face, wondering how he’d react.

And behold, he sees the man eating so much vinegar, he could almost taste it.

Something itches at the edge of his memory, and it bothers him for a while. He waves the girls away with a greeting and has to resolve to shooing them away with a grin, shaking his head as he leans against the Lan’s shoulder. It takes that long before he realizes that the blue flowers were incredibly familiar. Actually, he remembers receiving the exact same bouquet of flowers a few days ago.

The realization makes him laugh out loud, almost toppling over as he does so, and he would have hit the floor if Lan Wang Ji hadn’t caught him by the waist and hoisted him back onto his feet.

“Lan Zhan! Why must you eat vinegar at such a thing?”

Reaching out, he gently caresses his face, smiling gently.

“After I met you, you’re the only one I’ve been thinking of. You’re the only one I want to receive flowers from,” to prove his point, he puts the flower into Lan Wang Ji’s hands and doesn’t bat an eye when the man puts it down on a counter of some random stall. “The only one I want to see every morning, the only one…” He lowers his voice into a whisper, lifting his heel ever so slightly. “I want to sleep with and tease. The only one I love, hold dear, cannot refuse, no matter what you do to me.”

He grins as he pulls back, laughing as he runs off and lets the Lan watch, his eyes chasing after him as always. Wei Wu Xian heard the way Lan Wang Ji sighs exasperatedly at his antics, but he can also tell now, that the red color on his ears were tell-tale signs of his true emotions and embarrassment, and he knew, he had this special privilege.

So, even this far back, Lan Wang Ji cared for him.

A warmth rushed through his chest, and he felt it stuck in his throat.

“You’re great.”

I want to sleep with you, I want to touch you, I want to spend more time with you, I want you to be by my side and never leave. There were many words he wanted to say, more and more until the Lan would give him another exasperated sigh, maybe try to shut him up with his lips or his hand. But he can’t say them all anymore. He feels his heart waver, and he smacks a fist to his chest to rid of the uncomfortable mass stuck there, easing it out through touch. ‘I love you,’ he wants to say just one more time.

This was the least he could do.




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!You can find me on twitter at @yamini_nagi!


Day 23
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





“Lan Zhan, here. Taste this.”


Without any hesitance, he holds out a piece of rose cake and waits for the other to eat it. Surprisingly, Lan Wang Ji does so without too much of a fuss.


“How is it? Isn’t it sweet~?”


The urge to take Lan Wang Ji somewhere to find food to feed him came out of nowhere this morning, and Wei Wu Xian decided he could drag him to a good place in town. It wasn’t as if they actually had a plan to follow, nor was he one to go along with it if there was one. Moreover, every time they got food from stalls, Lan Wang Ji would direct all the food at Wei Wu Xian and make him eat most of it while he ate only a few things, and he didn’t want to end up doing that again.


One thing he realized was that out of everything they ate, Lan Wang Ji always chose the healthier option.


If there was something that was steamed, he would eat it over fried cakes. If there was something made with vegetables, he would have that over meat. He didn’t think Lan Wang Ji was doing it for beauty purposes like women did, but he supposed he may have grown up with bland tasting food, but one thing he realized the Lan didn’t say no to was sweets. Slightly sweet treats with fruits or sugar cane, flowery tastes Wei Wu Xian was not used to eating himself, but watching others eat.


Hence, he dragged him to one of the teahouses he had pointed out previously. They had delicious tea, looked a little old and worn down, but it served lots of herbal teas that young women liked.


Wei Wu Xian wonders if his choice was too feminine, but when he sees the Lan choose from the menu carved on the wooden board over the wall without blinking an eye, he decided it was the correct choice. He didn’t even know what it was, but he orders the things he remembers by name, including the snacks he tends to get when he brings Xue Yang or A-Yuan, remembering the dishes the owner had offered for free once in a while when the youngest boy came to visit and showed his pleading big doe eyes.


“It is good.”


“Then it was worth bringing you here~”


Watching him eat the cake he fed, he wonders what is going through his head as he chews, his lips shut together and jaw moving slowly. He breathes in deeply through his nose, suddenly reminded of heated moments, temptation tapping on his nerves.


Unable to help himself, he takes a glance around before he lifts his arm to reach out over the table for his face, rubbing his thumb over his cheek.


“You have something here.”


It was a complete and utter lie, but Wei Wu Xian uses it to lean over the table, lifting his sleeve to cover their faces and press his lips to the other’s in a soft kiss, giving it a peck, a gentle suck as if he really was eating a crumb off of them, darting his tongue out to lick it clean. It feels like a waste to pull back, he almost doesn’t want to, but he feels the other stiffen dramatically and decides to lean away.


Shocked golden eyes blink at him owlishly, and Wei Wu Xian chuckles, gliding the back of his fingers over his cheek.


“What do you think?”


“…”


“Want more?”


There’s a fire that burns through his eyes, and he can see his ears turn red as he stands, ever so quietly, and runs away from him as if he was just burned. It was incredibly cute of him, but there’s still a part of him that realizes this was it. He already misses being able to kiss him like it was normal, deep and full of passion, until his body tingled and he moaned into his mouth for more.


He shook his head, getting up to follow after him.


That was a selfish thought. Lan Wang Ji never had the chance to even think of such a thing, and he never took advantage of it.


He… 

He really was so spoiled.



“Lan Zhan, wait!”




Chapter End Notes
Beta was done by Beast, who is also a writer as ranra!


Day 24




“It worked!”


Wei Wu Xian places down the big jar of ink next to the wooden table outside, tossing papers onto the top and the Lan catches the brushes that rolled off the other end calmly, putting it back on the papers before they flew away from the strong wind.


“It needs a bit more adjustments, but the colour came out darker, and I think with a few more days to dry it out, a bit more time soaking in the water and boiling it once maybe, it should come out in the same consistency as the other inks. If not, I can always make it thick and add water to make it thin enough for people to use. Actually, I could just sell it as a thicker mix and have people deal with the trouble too…”


Lan Wang Ji stares at him and the pot, and gives a peer inside from where he sat, seeing a dark pool that just barely had a sheen of blue from the sunlight at the top, but otherwise looked black to the eye.


“When?”


Suddenly he realizes the Lan didn’t know of the incident yet, or at least knew of it but only in writing. He thinks on it with a hum, sitting down next to him. “At night, after you had to leave. I don’t sleep that early, you know. I’m wide awake when you have to leave, so I do all my work then. Ah, but don’t misunderstand. I always do my work at night, even long before you met me- the me now. I’ve always been better working at night, especially since I liked to sneak out to go night hunting alone often.”


Lan Wang Ji nods silently, and he perched his chin on his hand, elbows on the table as he stares at the man.


Day by day, Lan Wang Ji was slowly turning more subdued, less verbal, more quiet, harder to read, but he was still able to tell some of the smaller signs of his emotions, showing he was still the same person. It was weird to watch him change, and he wonders what it the other had felt as he watched Wei Wu Xian one day suddenly have no idea of his secret, lovesick and turning his head round to stare at him all the time. Even now, as he stared at him silently, he saw the way his shoulders tensed a little more than usual, not enough to show much, but something about the feeling of his mood said so.


“You know, I’m glad. If this sells as well as the other two, I could support Xue Yang better.” He sighs, squishing his cheek in his palm.


“I know I’m giving him more than he could find on the streets, but I know he could have more if I sent him to a sect. He already has a cultivation base, and he has more potential than most too. But he said he didn’t want to go to some stuffy place where he had to listen to others,” he huffs, rolling his eyes as if he hadn’t thought of the exact same thing once or twice. “The Jiang sect is pretty relaxed aside from the training and how everyone seems to think Jiang Cheng is scary. He’d get more comfortable clothes, a better place to stay, more friends and a comfier bed and more food.”


“He prefers to be with you.”


“Don’t say that to his face.”


The two stare at each other in the eyes, then look away with Wei Wu Xian laughing, Lan Wang Ji with a slightly amused glint in his eyes.


“It took forever to stop him from going down the wrong path. As weird as it is to say, his mentality is pretty straightforward and innocent. If he likes it, he wants it. If he doesn’t, he will reject it. He’s stubborn as a mule, but his mindset is also always slightly tilted to the negative side. He’s brutally honest, violent, but he also knows himself there’s nothing to gain if he goes down that way. He’s… Not a bad child at heart. Things just happened, and I didn’t really care at first, but the more I started being by his side... I guess I got used to taking care of the brat. This feels too gross said out loud.”


Groaning, he slumps down, crumpling the paper underneath his arms, pushing the jar away blindly, not wanting to knock it over. He supposed it didn’t matter. This one couldn’t be sold, but it would be a waste when he could use it.


Taking a peek, he sees the man looking at him, quieter, eyes more questioning than knowing, and he doesn’t know what to say.


He wonders if Lan Wang Ji would let him touch him today, or even hold his hand without jumping away, or maybe even swat it off. He’s starting to be unsure of the time, of the whereabouts of Lan Wang Ji’s heart, wondering how far back it went. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust that he cared, but he couldn’t possibly have wanted to do it from day one, nor did he seem like the type to go right in for physical contact. He had been allowed to kiss him yesterday, so maybe a little hand holding wouldn’t hurt.


He really wants to try, so he reaches out, ready to do just that.


“Is Wei Wu Xian here?”


Taking his hand back, he stands up with a slam to the table, eyes darting towards the sound. When did they get here? Moreover, he sees the purple design of their robes and he slips away from the wooden stool, jogging towards him.


“Ru Ming?”


“Shi-xiong! Ah, no…” The man scratches his cheek sheepishly as he walks closer. “Young Master Wei. I brought a message from our Sect Leader.” He speaks a little more formally this time, holding out a piece of folded paper.


Wei Wu Xian sighs and takes the paper.


“Thanks. Do you want to stay for tea? We already have some prepared anyways.” He points at the pot and cups that were placed on the table, along with pots of ink and paper and brushes, giving it a slightly chaotic look as if they may accidentally drink ink. “No, I need to go back quickly before our Sect Leader gets mad. You know how he is,” the boy grins, his face lighting up as Wei Wu Xian gives his side a light shove.


“Go, then. I don’t need another person with a grudge against me for bringing Jiang Cheng’s wrath on them. The last one who came here looked so mad at me because I tried to keep them here to test my experiments. They said yes first, you know.” He whines, and the Jiang sect disciple rolls his eyes, bowing to both Wei Wu Xian and Lan Wang Ji once he notices him. “I’ll be taking my leave then.”


“Ah, see you.”


Once he leaves, Wei Wu Xian sits back down, opening the little letter to read the inside before he folds it back up, tossing it onto the pile of papers. He sighs, and leans back, hands gripping on the back of his chair, supporting his weight.


“I have to go to Lotus Pier tomorrow.”


“I will go with you.”


“Huh?” Scrambling forward, he shakes his head. “Wait, really? You don’t have to. You… Probably know this already, but it’s a bit complicated there.”


“I know.”


“… Honestly, you’re weird.”


Taking advantage of this moment, he takes the other’s hand and holds it up to press his lips to his knuckle, feeling the Lan stiffen up a little before relaxing into his touch. The ends of his lips tilt up, and he looks into his light colored eyes, a smile playing in his eyes, letting his hand go ever so gently.


“I guess now I’m looking forward to tomorrow.”




Day 25




“Lan Zhan, look. There it is!”


Shouting loudly, Wei Wu Xian flies faster and jumps down into landing on the wooden pier, running a few steps and spinning around, breathing in the humid air and smell of lotus flowers all around. He missed this, far too much. A glimpse of his childhood home made him more excited than he thought it would, and even more so because he had company that he wants to show it off to.


“Come here, let me show you the stores! The pier is beautiful from the back of the sect building too. You can see the whole lake from there.”


“Before you do that, why don’t you tell me why you have company with you?”


Whirling around, Wei Wu Xian’s grin only gets wider before he is running towards the man who spoke up, throwing his arm over his shoulder and almost knocking them both over. “Jiang Cheng! What’re you doing out here? Aren’t you busy staring at papers and grumbling to yourself in your dark office? Where’s Shijie? A-Ling?”


“You brat. She’s inside with Jin Ling. He started having a tantrum so she just started feeding him and rocking him to sleep.”


“Anyways, I’ll introduce you. Lan Zhan, this is Jiang Cheng, named Jiang Wan Yin, my shidi~ And here is Lan Zhan, named Lan Wang Ji.”


The two adults have a stare down, which he has no idea why it happens considering they just met, but he gives Jiang Cheng a nudge and whispers to remember his manners. He gets a hard shove back with an elbow before the man steps up and gives a bow, his companion following suit with his own.


“Jiang Wan Yin, Sect Leader of Yunmeng Jiang Sect”


 “Lan Wang Ji, Unaffiliated.”


“A rogue cultivator?” The man raises a brow, and Wei Wu Xian quickly cuts in to push the man by the shoulder, even if he made sounds of protests and ran away from his touch. “Now, that’s enough! I need to see my nephew and Shijie. Take me to where they are, oh high and mighty Sect Leader!”


He turns around to look at the Lan and smiles, letting Jiang Cheng lead them into the sect grounds, Wei Wu Xian waving loudly when some of the disciples pass by, hearing the man in front grumble out loud and make them run away, to his amusement. It takes barely any time before they are at the main hall.


“A-Xian!”


The whispered call of Jiang Yan Li rings through the empty hall, and Wei Wu Xian’s smile grows soft as he runs over, sliding down into a kneel next to the woman. He folds his hand in front of him in a bow, then lifts his head with a bright smile.


“I’m back, Shijie.”


“Welcome home, A-Xian. But be quiet, alright? A-Ling just fell asleep.”


“Of course, I can do that better than Jiang Cheng. I bet he wakes poor A-Ling up with his shouting all the time. Doesn’t he, you poor thing~”


“Want to say that again?”


Another shove comes from beside him as the man kneels down, and the baby in question yawns in his sleep, stirring ever so slightly before turning towards his mother, curling up with its covered hands scratching at his own face.


“You’ve brought a guest, A-Xian?”


Standing back up, Wei Wu Xian pads over to Lan Wang Ji when he stood silently behind them, pulling him over as the two Jiang’s stood. The woman gave a bow of her head, the baby in her hands obstructing her.


“It is a pleasure to meet you. I am Jiang Yan Li of Yunmeng Jiang Sect and Lanling Jin Sect. This is my son, Jin Ling.”


 “Lan Wang Ji, Unaffiliated.”


“Are you A-Xian’s friend? I didn’t know someone else was coming, but welcome to Yunmeng. I hope you enjoy your time here.” After giving a gentle smile, Jiang Yan Li passes Jin Ling to a maid standing by, asking them to let him sleep in his room. “It’s too bad that he had to be asleep and can’t see his da-jiu, but he should wake up soon. Until then, make yourselves comfortable. I’ll go to the kitchen and prepare lunch.”


“Shijie, you’re cooking?!” He perks up, voice a little louder with excitement now that Jin Ling was gone.


The woman chuckles behind a hand, and gives him a nod. Wei Wu Xian grins, looking forward to it as he sat down next to Jiang Cheng. Lan Wang Ji however, looks at Jiang Yan Li and walks up to her, whispering words he couldn’t hear. The woman looks mildly surprised, then chuckles before giving a nod. He has no idea what is going on when Lan Wang Ji does not come back to him when he turns around, but only gives a small nod before he disappears in the corner with his shijie, left baffled.


“He left you.”


“Shut up, he probably went to wash his hands or something.”


Crossing his arms, Jiang Cheng tilts his chin up, nose flaring as if he was trying to intimidate him. If only it worked, but not when you lived with him since he was a child, and could remember the cute little boy’s face attempt to make the same expression.


“So? Who is he?”


“If I told you, you’d try to break my legs. I’d rather not tell you.”


The man glares at him from that sentence alone, and Wei Wu Xian grins with glee, rocking in his seat on the floor.


“He is my... Fated partner~”


With a loud squeal, he jumps from his place when Jiang Cheng tries to tackle him down, laughing loudly as he runs to the doors. “You can’t catch me with those slow reflexes Jiang Cheng! I’m too fast for you!” He yelps when a sitting pillow is thrown at his face, just barely dodging it before he runs down the halls, hearing the other shout at him from the hall to stop running.


As if he’d listen!


Instead, he makes his way to the kitchen, guessing that’s where the other two must be. Lan Wang Ji hadn’t been gone long, but if he wasn’t there, then at least he could sneak a bite or two from Jiang Yan Li’s cooking.


“You have to put a handful of these, oh, half a handful for you should be enough, Young Master Lan.”


“Mm. How much longer must it be cooked?”


“Oh… I’d say until the lotus roots are tender. The meat was cooked first, so it should be fine to just heat it up.”


The voices speaking inside has him pause, and instead of walking in like he planned to, he sneaks a peek into the kitchen instead, watching as Jiang Yan Li and Lan Wang Ji stood side to side, the woman holding up several different herbs from their little pouches to show the man, and Lan Wang Ji paying full attention to each one of them, looking serious as he tries to memorize the recipes and steps she was teaching him.


Slowly, as they waited for the water to boil, they started talking about the dishes Wei Wu Xian liked as a child, and those that he probably still loved to eat. As expected of his shijie, she knew every single one of them.


It makes his heart warm, and he realizes as he walks away without a word, this is why Lan Wang Ji’s soup when he first cooked for him had tasted like home. It was Jiang Yan Li’s recipe all along, so it was only natural. He had always been suspicious, but he had thought coincidences do happen sometimes.


To think that Lan Wang Ji had been spoiling him ever since… No, what’s he even thinking? Lan Wang Ji is always spoiling him. More than he deserves.




Day 26
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





At the river, Wei Wu Xian has a whole basket full of laundry beside him when Lan Wang Ji appears again.

This time however, there’s a small difference.

“

Pffft—!

 Hahaha!! You don’t know how to do laundry, oh god, I have never seen someone tear their robes trying to wash it before.”

Laughter fills the air, and Lan Wang Ji looks miffed, and Wei Wu Xian has to calm himself, wheezing and taking deep breaths. He had expected him to know, and to think that when he had once felt jealous of whoever this commoner that taught Lan Wang Ji how to wash his clothes was, it was him all along!

Oh god, he couldn’t stop laughing. He had no right to call Lan Wang Ji out for his vinegar!

“Here, I’ll teach you. Next time, try not to tear my robe apart. Unless, well… You meant to do it.” A cheeky grin spreads across face, but instead of the usual blush only, this time Lan Wang Ji looks away, and he realizes this man here had no idea or any mental preparation for what’s to come. It makes him smile a little, scooting over next to him so he could teach him his way of washing clothes, whether it be good or bad it didn’t matter as long as it worked. There’s a small part of him that feels… Conflicted.

Lan Wang Ji remembers so many things he has done, has said, or has ever just tossed in passing. There are things he remembers and things he forgets, but when he looks back at the days of his obliviousness, he realizes it all came from Lan Wang Ji’s pure attention to details, every word he spoke, and his heart went out to him, but at the same time it hurt.

This was…

He moved, gentle and silent, wrapping his arms around the other, feeling him tense up quick before slowly relaxing. He wasn’t used to this, he realized, and he pressed his cheek to his shoulder.

“Hey… Thank you.”

This must be the first and last time he touches him.




Chapter End Notes
Very short chapter for today.But I saw a lot of comments saying the plot was confusing so... If you need any clarification, please ask! I'm happy to explain!!


Day 27




“It’s nothing interesting, I swear.”

He has tried multiple times to stop Lan Wang Ji, and probably avoided this long enough considering he had accused him for knowing this information. He must have told him about them at some point, especially considering how Lan Wang Ji knew about the soup he loved, about Jiang Cheng and Jiang Yan Li in general. From what he guesses, he even knew the whole story that got him here in the first place.

It wasn’t a topic he really minded sharing, but he definitely wasn’t talkative about it either. But when Lan Wang Ji looked at him with stubborn determination to figure him out, he’s left speechless.

There’s a lot of things he can’t deny him and this is another one of them.

“There’s nothing special about it. You know how you saved me in your future? After that, Uncle Jiang- Jiang Feng Mian, found me on the streets of Yiling. I was walking about after you brought me back, and he took me back to Yunmeng.” Sitting across the Lan, he just gives a big shrug of his shoulders, stretching out his limbs before he rocked himself to sit up, swatting off some grass from his sides.

“Jiang Cheng happened to be around my age, so he wanted us to be friends. At first he really hated me because I couldn’t handle dogs and he loved them. He had three, but Uncle Jiang had to take them away because of me, and he was really mad about that. So he kicked me out of his room that I was told to sleep in, and threatened to bring those dogs back on me! Obviously he couldn’t, but I ran off into the woods.”

Suddenly, he feels like their stare-off made much more sense.

“Then, from what I heard is that he ran to Shijie when I didn’t come back, and she found me up on a tree. Jiang Cheng tried to follow and fell into a ditch though, and she had to carry the both of us. Honestly, she is only a couple of years older than the two of us, it wouldn’t have been easy to carry us both, but she did.” Obviously, there is a softness to his voice as he spoke about her, and Lan Wang Ji caught it, humming softly in return. “But Jiang Cheng and I made up, end of how the first day went.”

“After that I learned to cultivate alongside Jiang Cheng, and I got Suibian years later. I’ve always been great at cultivating and I was the one going on really hard and dangerous night hunts because I liked the challenge.”

“But, similar to what Xue Yang said… I felt restricted in the sect. I love everyone, I’m happy they took me in, and even though I was technically a servant, Uncle Jiang, Shijie and Jiang Cheng treated me like family. But there were things I couldn’t do because I had to think about their name, and face value of what others would think of them. Even then, I did go all out and punched Jin Zi Xuan in the face- but Shijie loves him, so there’s nothing I can do about them getting married.”

He sighs, a pout on his lips.

“I thought I would live there forever as a disciple and become Jiang Cheng’s right hand, but…. As we got older and Jiang Cheng was starting to learn more about becoming the next Sect leader, the atmosphere got tense.”

“For some reason Madam Yu thought I would be given the position- 

which would never happen

, but she definitely had the thought in her head. It bothered her a lot. Then, there was a cold war, and during that, the other side tried to burn down Lotus Pier. It didn’t burn everything, but in the fight, Uncle Jiang and Madam Yu were…” He glares at the grass, then sighs loudly, tearing apart multiple of it he picks in his long pause which spoke for itself.

“I had to help. Jiang Cheng was barely 16 and I thought I had to stay for them. Two years later though, I realized I wasn’t doing much to help. I was stressing Jiang Cheng out because he needed to make peace with all the other sects once the war calmed down, but I was a brat and running wild, trying to make people stop looking down on him. So, after a few fights, I decided to leave and become a rogue cultivator like my parents had been. But after I found Xue Yang, I night hunted for a while before I settled down, got a house and started living my moderate, boring life.”

His hand raises, tempted to reach out and play with the Lan’s hair, but he stops himself just before it was noticeable, scratching the back of his head instead.

“That’s it, really. We still talk to each other, but Jiang Cheng probably still holds a bit of a grudge and I can’t blame him for thinking that way.” Lan Wang Ji stares at him, then down at his hands as he picked at the grass, which makes him stop for a few seconds.

“It is a lot.”

“I suppose it is? It’s over now, and I’m comfortable doing whatever I want.” He throws the shredded grass in his hands away to the side, then he tosses his own upper half back down onto the floor, rolling onto his side.

“What about you? I don’t really know much about where you grew up.”

“... You will find out.”

“Can’t you tell me now?”

Lan Wang Ji scrunches his brows, and he has no idea what that’s supposed to mean, but he takes that as a no.

“Fine, fine, I’ll wait.”

He flops his arms wide after rolling onto his back, closing his eyes and listening to the breeze and rustling leaves. Within that sound, he might have heard the other hum in reply, but he’s tired, and too much was said. So, he mumbled something to the Lan and starts falling, taking an afternoon nap under the sun.




Day 28
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





The third day of his time with Wei Wu Xian, he still felt his nerves spike and awkwardness take over him.

It was unlike him to feel uneasy, he may not be good at making conversations but he was taught and grew up knowing how to lead and say the right things. But those words seemed too formal for what he wanted to say, the thoughts he had, while trying to verbalise things that came in the form of emotion was simply impossible for him. He had been taught how to speak politics, he knew how to word subjects of cultivation, he could recite three thousand rules and pick them out by heart.

There were many things he could do, but it was not this.

While Wei Wu Xian jumped into the river and started catching fish for fun, cooling down with the cold water splashing around, he had stood at the side and watched, wondering how he found fun in things like this. Afterwards when they decided to rest in the middle of the forest, he knelt down on the grass with him sleeping next to him, and from what he heard, this was what they did often, simply basking under the sunlight and keeping a quiet peace.

Then, he started speaking. Telling him things about his day, about his trip to his ink store he’s heard so much of, about Xue Yang and the little toddler he coos about and adores, along with general knowledge of the town, things he liked, the snacks he wanted Lan Wang Ji to try while he was here, and so on.

It was weird how he could continue talking for so long.

When he got tired, he would stop speaking and just roll on the floor, breathing soft as he falls asleep or maybe he is simply resting his eyes, he doesn’t know. He takes that time to look at his surroundings, keeping his eyes away from the man before he can’t help himself but stare. At his face, all the way down to his boots, and he likes seeing the way his lashes twitch before he opens them to talk to him again, voice hoarse as if he slept for hours, the little smile on his lips when he remembers something interesting.

Ever so slowly, he was getting used to the scenery and Wei Wu Xian’s presence and personality. Something about him was… Different.

As they talked, Wei Wu Xian was also starting to relax a little more, less talkative and more peaceful silence. Lan Wang Ji could see the man he has seen as a child. His eyes are drawn to him and he tries not to show it, but it’s more embarrassing when he does do it while the other’s not sleeping, and then he avoids eye contact once their eyes meet that it becomes too obvious what he did, hearing the other man chuckle at him.

After all, Wei Wu Xian had yet to know the younger him, but he has only known the older Wei Wu Xian.

But Lan Wang Ji does not dislike it.

He enjoyed the time, he wanted to know more. Mostly, he wanted to bet on this smiling adult who saved him and always treated him so nicely, stealing his gaze since the first time they met when he was a child. The person he can’t stop thinking about, because their fate was decided the moment he appeared in his life.

And he thinks, this emotion he wants to convey wasn’t necessarily related with him saving his life.




Chapter End Notes
only two more days left...


Day 29
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





“Come out.”

The leaves rustle as if someone stepped back in surprise, and slowly, a figure in white peeks out from behind the shadows cast by trees, showing his whole figure and hesitating. The man looks calm, quiet, and his expression is blank, an unreadable slate. Yet, he can almost feel the nervousness from him.

He could understand that he was hesitant about this whole idea in the first place, that he was being stupid to come meet someone he barely knew, but a person who knew him too well. It was intimidating, he knew that, but Wei Wu Xian only wanted the best for him and find a way to make him feel at ease.

“Relax, I’m not going to eat you up.”

He tenses visibly, and Wei Wu Xian laughs softly at that, motioning him over with a wave of his hand.

“Let’s play a bit? I brought my flute with me too.”

The Lan continues to stand aside. His smiles wanes a little before he pulls his flute up to his lips, blowing a long note out with a fluttering whistle, smiling again when the Lan finally comes sit next to him. He watches him pull out his guqin, placing it on his lap and his fingers smooth over the tight strings, fingertips pressing down on them on one side. A few seconds, and Wei Wu Xian starts a familiar song, and they both start playing it. Easy and slow, he drags him into the melody, their tune filling the silence in the forest, ringing loudly in the clearing, the deep sound of his instrument making him feel calm.

He thinks it was a good idea to do this, to make him relax with something that he was familiar with. Music and the guqin, he only remembers vaguely when he had played for him as he slept, the vibrations of the notes reaching deep into his heart.

As he blows another verse, he opens his eyes and glances over.

Wei Wu Xian tries not to get distracted as he watches butterflies fly and land on roses behind him, birds coming to sit next to the Lan, tilting its head curiously.

It is his Lan Zhan- loved by animals, and as unfair as it was, he couldn’t help but love him for it too.

As he played, he could see the way the Lan slowly started to relax, sitting down in the garden as he asked for, his tones gentler and calmer. He felt once again why he had been so attracted since his first glance of him that night, the pure beauty of his looks, his kindness that touched his heart as time went on, and… The many times their eyes met involuntarily, proving that he was not the only one staring at him.

He takes a peek, and feels his heart clench when golden eyes do not return his gaze, still staring at his guqin as he plays the tender notes of his song.

‘I love your playing.’

Maybe the Lan would understand what he feels from his.




Chapter End Notes
Tomorrow shall be their last day.


Day 30
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Sui Bian in hand, he stands in the middle of the forest, breathing in the fresh air and out, calmly standing and waiting.

Lan Wang Ji is hiding better today, no sound to his steps, but after weeks of spending time with him, he was able to catch the tell-tale signs of his presence; his ever so thin aura and the gentle scent of sandalwood on his skin and clothes, untainted by his own. It felt wrong to say he could find him anywhere, but at this point, he hoped that was true.

“Lan Zhan. Come out. I’m not going to bite! Stop making me say the same line over and over again!”

The man steps out of his hiding spot, looking a little awkward despite himself. It makes him chuckle, and from where he stood, Wei Wu Xian raises Sui Bian and points it at him, a thin smile on his lips. He can see the surprised look in the man’s eyes, not having expected to have a weapon pointed at him so suddenly. No, he probably knew it through next, but he had to admit, experiencing it first hand was always more shocking.

“Come, duel with me.”

After a long moment of thought, Lan Wang Ji gets in position and pulls Bi Chen out of its sheath, holding it tightly in one hand in a relaxed position, point downwards.

The duel starts as Wei Wu Xian’s first with him had, and he grins when he sees the man’s eyes widen as Wei Wu Xian overpowers him with instinct and knowledge of his style. It feels a bit unfair, but he can’t help himself when he slips beside him and pokes his cheek before he flips away from Bi Chen’s reach, laughing merrily. He was incredibly cute like this, and teasing him only made it even better as his ears turned red.

When the Lan was distracted enough by his surprise and annoyance, he had a better chance of tripping the man over, throwing himself into his arms after dropping Sui Bian, shoving him down to the floor.

Just at the last moment, he sees Lan Wang Ji looking at him in shock, tossing Bi Chen aside so neither of them got seriously injured from his random tackle.

Wei Wu Xian stays still, and he feels the other laying stiff as a board beneath him, but he simply smiles to himself sadly, biting back the tears as he pushes himself off and rolls onto the ground.

He promised not to touch him anymore.


What’s wrong with him?


“Don’t worry. I had plenty of time to learn your movements. To be fair, you did the same to me when we first dueled.”

“I can be a jerk sometimes, and I’ll probably hurt you, but… I promise to make you happy. You’ll have a good time- you said so yourself, and I trust my Lan Zhan to not lie to me.” He grins up at the other, and watches as the other awkwardly sits himself next to him, Bichen sheathed back and hanging gracefully on his hip.

“Were you happy?”

“Hm?”

“

Were you happy?

”

“…” Staring wide eyed, Wei Wu Xian pauses before he softens into a wide smile and nods. “It was some of the happiest moments of my life.”

…

…

...

“See you again, Lan Zhan.”




Chapter End Notes
Last D a y .  .   .Ah, but I'm posting another chapter tomorrow-


Day 31
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





The day passed.


Only moments ago, he had watched as Lan Wang Ji moved the other way, went off to start his days with him from now on. He knew what would happen, and he only wished that he would feel loved the way he did, and that he would remember the better memories other than the sad, hurtful ones.


Stepping into his house, he closes the door behind him, silently staring at the interior of his room, his heart finding it foreign and bare.


He had never been one to put much decor or life in the place, having had no reason because he lived alone, and all he used this place for was to sleep and do his work. There were scattered papers and a messy table, ink stains all over, floors with cracks and cabinets that needed fixing before they fell.


But he wanted the smell of food, the soft sound of a calm voice that replied to every important part of his story, and the gentle touch of a hand on his face, brushing through his hair and tenderly kissing his temple.


Another step in, and he continues till he’s walking slowly making it in. However, he stops as a tiny key drops from the pocket of his robes, clattering loudly on his wooden floorboards, shining silver in his dark room. Wei Wu Xian pauses, then bends down to pick it up, examining it in the air with confusion. He never owned a key like it, nor has he ever seen one. If it could be anyone’s it had to be... His eyes widen in realization, making a quick turn, clambering towards his drawers.


He needs to try a few times to pick up the box and poke the key against it, his hands trembling too hard he couldn’t fit it in.


Only after taking a deep breath, he still misses the hole a couple of times but finally manages to get it in. He turns it slowly, his heart leaping up to his throat as it gave a light click as it unlocked itself, drumming loudly in his ears and chest as he put his hand on the top, thumb gripping it painfully hard on the side as he hesitates to open it.


When he does pull it up, it opens too easily.


Inside, there’s a familiar looking long ribbon folded neatly in place that brings a choked sob up his throat, a letter written in small, beautiful handwriting- one he couldn’t mistake anywhere, and he feels his knees weak. It was short and simple, but it said enough for him to understand what he meant.

 


‘

Although we could not perform a ritual, I will leave this with you.

’

 

Wei Wu Xian pulls the ribbon and it flutters open in a mess onto the floor where he drops into a kneel, the white pooling around his lap and on the dark floor.


He runs his thumb along the smooth material and gasps, refusing to admit his breath hitched, refuses to admit it even as hot tears spike at his eyes, rolling down his face. He refuses to admit he wails, curled up into himself on the floor, on his knees and forehead nearly touching the floor; because he misses him, he misses Lan Wang Ji. The one who was always kind, the one who always looked at him with tender and sad eyes, the one who shared a secret with him, the one who touched him with a blazing heat in his heart, the one who ever so occasionally smiled softly with golden eyes filled with bottomless affection-


He missed it, he missed him so much, he couldn’t bear knowing that he would never see 

him

 again.


The Lan Wang Ji he knew was now forever gone from his life.




Chapter End Notes
The End, for now.
Four more chapters left and the rest of it I will be posting them once a week.I could continue posting them daily... But if I'm continuing my motive, it'll be a short wait like Wei Ying has to wait to meet Lan Wang Ji again :')Whether it is the one he knows though... questionable.


A Shadow of You
Chapter Notes
Oh, a week has passed lkajsfka




Wei Wu Xian watches the teen sit straight, shoulders still a little slender and face so very young. He feels his breath go in and out of his lungs, feels the light dizziness of trying not to show emotion that was always a prominent part of him. Normally he wouldn’t, but five years had been too long, sleepless nights and reckless experiments, he could almost feel dried out tears well in his eyes once again.


Then, he smiles.


“Lan Zhan, I missed you.”


This wasn’t him, but in a way, it was still him.


The feeling was so foreign, and he wonders what it feels like for Lan Wang Ji himself. After all, his younger self had no knowledge of his secret, so there was nothing they could share, only a few words or even passing by, maybe simply a glance before he left. But he knows his younger self had definitely met him long ago, all three times their worlds connected. The memory had been lost before, but they started coming back little by little, as if the unlocked box also unlocked the lid on his memories of him.


He misses Lan Wang Ji.


But he also cares about the boy in front of him too, as odd as that felt. He feels his lips pull into a tight smile, then he leans forward to push the dishes around, keeping the spicy ones away and the lighter tasting ones pushed closer towards the younger Lan, shrugging his shoulders when he looks up to see curious eyes. A month, and he had surprisingly learned more about Lan Wang Ji than he had imagined.


Still, he feels a little sad when he isn’t able to let himself be pampered, while a little happy he can do what he has received for the other back. He still enjoyed watching him eat in that slow, snail-like pace, and daydream about when he had cooked for him back home, his mind wandering off to those days, unable to help himself.


Wei Wu Xian does most of the talking, excited little inputs of what he’s been doing nowadays, how he had gone back home to Lotus Pier- after explaining where that is, and how his relationship with them wasn’t as awkward anymore with time doing its work in healing the mind and heart. Having Jiang Yan Li there to remind them both that they cared and that they were family helped a lot.


He also tells him about how he has been getting more business with his shop, told him about the boy at his shop and how he would meet him, a few ideas on cultivation- endless talking, speaking, continuing words to fill the silence.


“How are you?”


Genuinely, he feels a smile pull on his lips at the surprised little widening of his eyes and how he lowers his head before looking at him and giving a positive reply. He’s the same Lan Zhan he knew, but this younger him was much more innocent-looking, almost adorable and childish. He chuckles softly.


That’s how they spend their time together, because he only goes to find him once or twice, not searching for him as many times as they had before.


Something about meeting up with him every day didn’t seem right. Lan Wang Ji was also back to being a student and busy with schooling at the Lan Sect, so he suggested to keep their meeting to a minimum as not to disturb him. Of course, giving excuses that Wei Wu Xian had his own things to do.


The month passes by quickly and Wei Wu Xian is forced back to his daily life once again.




Tranquility is my Gift for You
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





At the age of ten, Lan Wang Ji was truly adorable.


The thirty year old crouched down and had a wide grin on his face, reaching out to gently ruffle the boy’s head. He was given a huff and the Lan even moved away from his touch, but he only found the flushed cheeks of youth and from the cold weather incredibly cute, laughing out loud and standing back up.


He buys a sweet for the child, and there is little he does otherwise.


Lan Xi Chen, his older brother had left him in his care, but had not quite left them either, always looming nearby. It was only natural for him to be worried. He didn’t have much to do with the Lan Wang Ji of now, but he enjoyed taking him around and watch him stare expressionlessly at the sweet he bought for him for a long time before he began munching on it quietly, giving into the temptation of a treat.


He holds his hand and leads him around, taking him to see stalls and show him places, keeping a close eye on him so he didn’t get lost. When they first started walking, he had felt the light tug of his hand trying to get away or stop touching him, but as he held on stubbornly, the small young master Lan sighed and relented, squeezing his hand back with a pout that made his heart clench, a giddy feeling rising up.


He really was adorable.


At one point, he hides them quickly in an alley, losing Lan Xi Chen, but it was to take Lan Wang Ji away from the crowd that seemed to start bothering him, realizing all the eyes that were drawn to him.


Of course, they all stood away in the end, standing in awe and fear of offending a young master- which was obvious by his dress no matter how young his age, but some of the older women cooed and aww’ed, trying to approach him and hand him candy. There was no blatant showcasing of discomfort, but the tighter squeeze of his hand only made him want to pick him up and run away- which is exactly what he did.


In other words, losing his brother was a completely unintended mistake.


However, when he saw the child relax and even visibly look calmer as he dragged them to the forest and sat on the grass, he couldn’t help but think it was worth it.


He lies down on the grass while the child refuses to do the same and continues to kneel, and it is almost funny how this habit seems to go as far back as now. Then again, the older him had relented to his constant teasing and he had been able to shove him down once or twice, with much more inappropriate thoughts.


The young Lan loosens his form as he basked in the warm sun.


Wei Wu Xian sat up only to pick a long grass and start blowing loud whistles with it, earning himself an annoyed glare from the child which only made him laugh even louder and fall back onto the grass.


As expected, all the boy did was make him want to tease.




Chapter End Notes
The next chapter is around three times longer since it'll be the last time he'll meet him -u-


Yesterday, I'll Cherish You
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Sweat forms in his palms as he paces about.

Long ago, he had talked to Lan Wang Ji about this. He knew, because he came from the future in which this child came, that he would live. Yet, he can’t help but lament the fact that their worlds only intertwined just as he is in danger, and feel anxious or what if he can’t save him in time, what if he got the wrong place, what if… What if he wasn’t able to save him from his fated death?

He stops all movements as he suddenly feels warmth on his skin, realizing that time has come.

Dashing forward, he runs towards the pier where he hears a loud splash of water and a meek, barely audible squeal. He doesn’t know if Lan Wang Ji is stupid, or if he has no sense of self-preservation, or if this Lan Sect of his taught him a little too well, he was unsure why he wasn’t screaming louder. It was human instinct to scream, but he barely heard a sound as he sunk into the depths. As soon as he reaches the pier, he jumps, swimming wildly down to the bottom.

What surprises him is to see the little child still struggling and attempting to fight back, leg caught by elongated fingers curled around his ankle. He had known a water ghoul had been involved in the incident. Even if Lan Wang Ji was a child of a cultivation sect, he was only five, barely any strength and no cultivation whatsoever to speak of. At this moment, he was a normal human child, powerless and useless against a creature with malicious energy. Why was he so prideful?

Kicking himself further in, he stretches his arm out to grab the child’s arm, then his shoulder, kicking the ghoul off and sending Sui Bian to deal with it as he cradled the child to his chest and quickly swam to the surface. His panic grew a fold as he sees bubbles burst from his lips, a painful look on the shadow of a usually stoic face, swimming faster, gasping loudly as he broke through the surface, hanging on with a few rough breaths before pulling himself up with effort.

Sui Bian flew back into his hands, and he doesn’t even bother to sheath it but throw it aside to help the child cough out all the water he drank in, giving a few firm smacks to his back till he seems to finish hacking up the water in his lungs.

“

You’re okay.

”

Breathlessly, he doesn’t notice those words come from his own mouth until after his arms are wrapped around the small child, looking even tinier with his white robes soaked wet, also much, much smaller from his young age. Wei Wu Xian can’t help himself but sigh loudly, finally letting out the breath he had been holding, almost lifting the child and maybe he had, because at some point he had pulled him up onto his lap as he knelt on the wooden pier, face buried in his tiny little shoulder, squeezing him as gently as he could, a firm hold over him as his hands shook.

“I’m so glad you’re okay. It’s okay now.

.

”

As he starts to slowly calm down, he feels a light tremor in the boy’s shoulder and wonders if he’s cold. He doesn’t have anything to cover him with, and he belatedly regrets not bringing one with him. Then, he hears a soft sniffle he finds himself too familiar with. It was soft, barely audible just like the first time he heard it, and that makes him pause for a few seconds before his hold came tighter, boldly holding him close and patting his back, palm flattening his hair down.

“It’s okay, Lan Zhan. You don’t have to worry anymore.” He sighs softly as he pulls him to his chest, staring out into the lake as his hand absentmindedly pats his back down in soothing motions, ignoring the way he shook and any sounds he made, simply because he knew the child probably wouldn’t like it. Well, it was also that he was awkward about people who cried as well, and didn’t know what else to do. At least this was a child in his arms, so it was easier to handle.

All sound and movement stop after a few minutes, and he pulls back to see a red eyed Lan Zhan as they puffed up with heat, nose red and still sniffling away the residue of his tears, sopping wet sleeves going up to wipe his whole face. It’s a bit cute, he can’t help but think as he reaches out to wipe a trace of salty tracks on his cheek.

“… Who are you?”

“Hmm…” He rubs his chin in thought. “Your fated person.”

That earns him a quick shove and the child glaring and pouting at the same time, a lot more emotion than he has ever seen on his face in fifteen years. It makes him laugh, and he chases after the child, trying to explain himself.

If he thought ten year old Lan Wang Ji was cute, he was troubled by how adorable of a child this cold-faced 5 year old is.

How is it even possible for a five year old to act this way, although he did indeed have a harder time hiding his emotions than he remembers him to. Even so, he really was such a beauty ever since he was born it seems. He smiles a little sadly, and the little Lan seems to notice and stop, looking up at him with big light colored eyes, judging and slowly evaluating his options.

“I believe you.”

“Oh? Why?”

“Forehead ribbon.”

He stares blatantly at the white ribbon tied into his hair, now sticking to wet robes over his shoulder, completely a mess to how it originally is, all over the place. Oh, Lan Wang Ji of his time would have so much to say about this. Or maybe not, he thinks, remembering how he seemed not to care when it involved him.

“That’s true, but that can’t be the only reason.” He points out, though he knows he could accept the easy answer.

It took a while, and he watched as the young child actually contemplate it as if he had to take it so seriously, and it was an adorable sight, if it weren’t also incredibly hilarious to watch from his point of view.

“…There was no reason for a stranger.” To put themselves at risk, fight a water ghoul when he was already drowning so deep into the water, even though he was a random child and Wei Wu Xian could have been dragged down as well if there were more. Really, this little Lan really lacked words, then and now, there was no difference. At least, he feels that when they first met, when Wei Wu Xian first met Lan Wang Ji, he had become better at talking.

“There’s more than enough reason to, Lan Zhan.”

He flicks his forehead after zooming forward before the child could run, watching him squint and blink multiple times as he held his head, looking like he wanted to frown but also looking like he was conflicted about showing that, a weird look for a child so young. Ah, he really just…

“A life is a life. I’m not going to let you die, whoever you are.”

Those eyes look at him again, looking more confused than with understanding he almost expected from him, and he isn’t too disappointed, but chuckles as he ruffles up his hair to get an annoyed sound that finally fits his age a bit more, helping him pat it down when he’s done loosening his nerves up after all that’s happened. “Lan Zhan, let’s get you home, hmm? I’m sure your brother is around here somewhere looking for you.” He stands and pats his robes free of dirt, or well, a lot of sprinkling water, and then holds his hand out, waiting for him to hold.

He’s not even surprised when the boy doesn’t, and shrugs as he leads the way back, ignoring the curious stare of a toddler.

“By the way, why did you go out to the pier alone? You never told me why.” He suddenly wonders, turning his head towards the boy and giving a long look. “Was there something interesting in the water? I don’t think there was anything there that could have shown you an illusion to bring you in.”

The child pouts, looks away and he can almost see the older Lan Wang Ji in him, just a little bit, as he mutters.

“… I wanted to pick lotus flowers for mother.”

“Oh…”

He knew little about his parents, but when he had met Lan Xi Chen on his last visit to their world, he had been mildly threatened about treating him well and a small story about what happened only 3 years ago. Their mother was gone, and Lan Wang Ji had never talked about his father either, so he could only guess.

“Wait here.”

Turning around, he jumps back into the water.

 

 
Placing Lan Wang Ji with his many lotus buds down after flying close to the Lan Sect gates, he kneels down and his outer robe is tied tightly around the small child. Even if it dragged, it was better than being cold in this weather.

“Lan Zhan.”

“… Yes?”

“I’ll see you again soon.”

“…?”

With a small smile, he gives a gentle pat to the top of his head before giving his back a light push towards the gates, a cold rush of energy going through the child as he crosses the barrier set around the Cloud Recesses. The adults are sure to come rushing towards him soon, all worried for the second child of the Lan sect.

Lan Wang Ji turns around sharply, but he doesn’t see him there anymore, the man gone from his sight without another word, not even a single rustle of footsteps or swish of him flying away on his sword.

He scrunches his nose, then looks down at the floor before he gazes up at the sky.

If he wasn’t lying, then he would see him again anyways.

Until then, he would grow up, so he could repay the life debt he owed the man for saving his life. But first, he had to face his brother and his uncle’s lectures for going out without either of them, maybe his father would too, for doing something he wouldn’t tell. But there is one thing he admits to them.

“I met someone from the other world.”




Chapter End Notes
Oops I passed out and so it's a few hours late, but! Next week will be the last chapter of my bang fic.Originally, this was the ending, but after a poll with my beta and artist, I decided to add another chapter. What content I wrote, is a secret for now of course!I hope you enjoyed and thank you for coming this far~


Finally, we are
Chapter Notes
To anyone thankful for this extra chapter, bless my beta Beast and my artist Berreh for voting I add another chapter =u=b

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Lan Wang Ji stood in the middle of the forest, Bi Chen glowing gently as the moonlight shone down on them.

He had watched as the young Wei Wu Xian disappeared from his time five years ago, staring at the bright smile of the child as he chirped about his newfound home, how he told him thank you, when it reality, he was only repaying the debt he had always wanted to give back. After all, this little boy would grow up to be his own savior, for his life and also himself, whether he understood it or not.

From now on, he had to live alone with the memory.

It had been painful to watch the shadow of someone he cared for disappear from his life, and it felt incredibly weird to live without his forehead ribbon, even if he had a spare one made for whoever was to be his spouse tied to his head for appearances sake, keeping his control around all others until he was in his room where he could fold the ribbon away and wish he had his own along with its new owner there in his arms.

He had waited long enough to hand it to the person, and he did it knowing he would want it to be by the other’s side from start to finish, within his memories even if he would not know until much later.

The key he left behind silently, he knows, had been found.

Lan Wang Ji wonders what the reaction had been, and he had imagined up quite a lot of scenarios throughout the years, even as he continues to live his life and even start to teach a new generation growing up to take his place.

A soft sigh escaped his lips, while no one was there to see, no one was there to hear him, and he languidly catches the forehead ribbon dancing in front of his face from the wind, guiding it back behind his shoulders, a sad darkness looming in his eyes as he looks down. He doesn’t want to let it get to him, but for now, he does wish to mourn a little, at his loss of his fated person, the one he chose as his one and only important partner that could see him in any state, see his good and bad, share memories and life; because even though their worlds were connected, Wei Wu Xian was yet to be born into the world at this time, and Lan Wang Ji will never see him again.

Sheathing Bi Chen back to his hip, he straightens himself and turns around.

He needs to go back home. Before his brother gets worried, before his uncle thinks he has been influenced badly by this person he refused to give up on, to be a good example to the newer generation and simply because he felt it necessary and that it was for good cause. He can almost hear the laughter of the man cackling, rolling on the soft grass as he calls him out for being too stiff.

If he could hear his voice just one more time, before it becomes nothing but memories that fade away, the same way it had for his mother’s voice, then her face, and most of her being… He wanted it.

Then he hears the faint but growing sound in his head.

“

Lan Zhan!

”

Eyes shot open, turning his back around.

He wonders if he was hallucinating, hearing phantom noises from his deep desire.

Then, he did a double take as a body crashed right into him, shoving him right to the ground. It, 

him

, he smelled like the soft petals of lotus flowers, arms tightly wrapped around his neck the same way his arms had shot out instinctively to wrap around his waist to catch him, holding him steady on the ground, heart pounding up to his ears.

“Wei Ying…?”

“It’s me. It’s me! It’s 

you!

”

Lan Wang Ji barely sees his face before his vision is covered by messy, black tresses of long hair, warm lips pressed against his in desperate passion. He starts off dumbfounded, but it barely takes a second for the Lan to snake his hands up to his shoulder, the other behind his head to tug at his hair, pulling his head close and kissing him deep, rolling them over so he could pin him down to the soft grass he often watched him lay in, taking in the wonderful scent of sunshine on his skin, the soft scent of incense truly enticing when he knew who it was in his arms, who he was touching, feeling and tasting on the tip of his tongue.

It felt… He felt so much.

“

Wei Ying.

” He gasps, breathlessly between kisses, not wanting to pull back just yet, but he had to if he wanted to hear him.

“Mm! That’s me. Lan Zhan, I’m here.”

Finally, he pulls back to look at the other’s face, the fingers curled into his hair loosening up to come and caress his cheek, drawing his thumb over his cheekbone, the soft skin of his cheek, the small dimple that he remembers kissing once years ago and down to his parted lips that never failed to show him a smile, drawing on his chin before he used his knuckle to wipe away his tears, watching as they dribbled down the sides of his face, leaving a wet trail down to his ears.

He looked older, he lost a bit of weight, but he could feel the tone of muscle and soft hum of spiritual energy running under his skin as it radiated the same warming energy that came with his smiles and words. Something about that makes him choke on his words, even if he shows nothing on his face, watching the other’s lips twitch up into a broken laugh, feeling warm hands touch his cold face, cup it gently and pull it down to peck his lips and wipe at his eyes even though they were dry.

“I’m sorry it took so long.”

“Mm…”

“What 

‘Mm’?!

 Do you know how hard it was trying to figure out how to transport myself here? Be nicer to me! Praise me! Kiss me, ravish me, I deserve more! I 

want

 more.”

“Mm.”

“Lan Zhan, you need to give me a better response,” he responds this time with a softer voice, gently caressing his cheek as his eyes softened.

“No.”

Wei Wu Xian can almost hear the smile in his voice, and the sudden burst of emotion makes him make a soft, sobbing noise, frowning for a very short second.

“Lan Zhan.”

“Mm?”

“I won’t leave you again.”

The Lan’s eyes widen, and Wei Wu Xian is almost impressed that the other hasn’t cried despite the first impression of his tears as he held his hand, the vision passing his mind, watching those light colored eyes reflect the moonlight even now. Twenty years apart and he is no longer small and cute, no longer young, but they’re finally here where they want to be. He leans up to peck his cheek, chuckling softly, this time, he cries 

just a little

 as he laughs freely against his lips, holding on tight around his neck.

“I’m here.”




Chapter End Notes
Thank you very much for joining me through this whole fic!Thank you again to my artist and my beta for the beautiful art and helping my writing not suck <3



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



