



You Mermaid Me Go Crazy - jeonify - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

You Mermaid Me Go Crazy (in Love)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14665589.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings, No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | RM, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
mermaid au, Alternate Universe - College/University, Alternate Universe - Magic, Pining, Mutual Pining, Love Confessions, "juST kISS HIM ALreAdY", Fluff, Tooth-Rotting Fluff, magical creatures living in the modern world uwu, mermaid!Jimin, vampire!kooks, the rest are a surprise uwuwu, Misunderstandings, Not Actually Unrequited Love, hyung line shenanigans, inappropriate dick jokes, sea puns, namgi if ya squint, jikook:dummies in love
Stats:

        Published: 2018-05-17
        Words: 9080
      

You Mermaid Me Go Crazy (in Love)
by jeonify
Summary
jimin runs out of his tail-to-leg medicine, and it's difficult to move around when your majestic tail literally weighs you down; it's another story if you crush of forever starts to inconveniently carry you around, though.xjeongguk falls in love with jimin, and asks a witch to make him a love potion.
Notes
i wrote this bc i saw the tracklist.inspired by jimin's daily #JIMIN #꾹 and pawprint emoji. we love the king of feeding starving stans.

          See the end of the work for more notes




You Mermaid Me Go Crazy (in Love)

blearily rolling out of bed, jimin hops on flounder (his blue, yellow and pink gradient penny board) to wheel himself to the bathroom. his tail swishes about as he clambers his way into the tub, reaching for the bottle of heart shaped pills in one of the cabinets as he settles in the water. his eyes widen as the bottle he takes out emerges far too light for his liking- and true to his fear, he makes a face when he realises it's empty. he's been too busy cramming for his finals to remember to stock up.“i'm an idiot sandwich,” jimin mumbles to himself, lips blubbering as he runs his fingers through his cotton candy pink hair in desperation. how is he going to get to class now? he grabs his phone (not a shellphone, shut up) to shoot a text into his group chat, wondering if he should just skip class for the day- he's been contemplating for far too long, and he's already swimmingly late. but he loves going for class and studying, and jimin pouts to himself when the message is sent but nobody is reading them. he swears, if he finds out that any of them were actually on tinder, he'll throw sea salt at them.he shouldn't have forgotten to get some of that tail-to-leg medicine, next time he ought to stock up in bulk; this miserable feeling as he sinks into the tub is far too much. at least the bath salts and warm water are a little comforting. he takes the medicine every morning to guarantee him a whole day’s worth (yes, 24 hours!) of legs, so he can go to school without any hindrances, and he's able to walk and run and manoeuvre in crowds when it's crowded. it's a little bit pricey when over the counter, but jimin is the first mer scholar in their school (full of delightful creatures, he must say) so he does get subsidies for it. the moment he reaches his beloved bathtub and sprinkles a certain type of salt, his emerald tail will re-emerge.some people think he's being picky or acting suave, but a better explanation would be that taking this wonder pill is somewhat akin to toggling between wearing glasses and contact lenses- more convenient but requires more care and money. just that some people look bad in either one, and jimin looks gorgeous, so beautiful and stunning with or without fake frames, with his pretty tail or with toned legs. (his beauty is close to unrivalled in the school. facts are facts.)jimin often thinks, in times like this, WWJD? (which stands for what would jeongguk do?) and nope, he definitely does not have a crush on said vampire the size of pluto. (that's a massive crush of 130340 times for you astronomy nerds.) he sighs again, staring sadly at the empty bottle, plopping out of the tub in an epiphany- (wwjd really helps!) an attempt to travel on sebastian (that's his red penny board with electric blue wheels) all the way to the lecture hall. he quickly gets dressed, but his arms grow tired from the paddling two rooms down the hallway. oh dear- he's forgotten to wear his little pastel helmet- but that's alright, he's never going to make it at this point anyway, so it's all good.launching himself on the penny board to propel himself to class won't work with such a burdensome tail literally weighing him down. jimin sighs sadly and heads back for the tub, grabbing his waterproof knapsack along the way. chances are, his friends won't even see his message, half of them probably still asleep or in various classes already. he feels bad for his next alternative as he stares at the slim silver tube in his hand.
 “if there's ever an emergency, use this to call me!” 
putting the whistle to his lips, jimin blows. once, twice, the sound in the ultrasonic wave transmit, and a meagre part of his echolocation-sensitive ears pick it up. he winces a little, hoping he doesn't hurt taehyung’s ears. a minute or two elapses, and jimin rolls the specially crafted whistle (engraved with both their initials, “it's a gift for my soulmate!”) a sound that only hypersensitive werewolves (just say taehyung) could detect, but fell silent to any other creature (unless you're also sensitive and keen, like jimin).it takes taehyung to run over to his dorm in two and a half minutes, sprinting across half the damn campus as a cute little werewolf with the prettiest icy blue eyes. with a polite knock (yes, taehyung is very gentlemanly and well mannered) taehyung enters shirtless, shapeshifting back to his muscular human form. he knowingly heads to the expansive bathroom without much thought, leaning against the doorframe with a cheesy grin.jimin looks up at him with pouty lips and gives a  Very Sorry Face,  having crawled back to his bathtub to calm himself down- the glitter from his violet bath bomb stains his face, making him look even more surreal.“oh minnie,” taehyung sighs, “what have you been doing?” jimin sadly recounts his story, and demonstrates his helpless plight by swishing his tail left and right on flounder to show taehyung how he inches by with 3cm- his tail is so diddly darn heavy and he can't possibly lug it all the way to his lecture hall- it's too much, and he'd probably look like a floppy fish out of water. jimin's almost close to tears; he hates feeling useless and helpless especially when he's been known to be a star student, a good role model for his juniors. he's seen as stellar and capable. and look at him now, floundering (not funny) on his penny board, no magic or anything else to teleport to class.“hey, baby, it's okay…” taehyung soothes, pulling him into a wet hug as he crouches next to him, “let's get you to class, love?” jimin nods, smiling and patting taehyung's ears as he straps on his backpack, the wolf before him lowering himself to put jimin on his back. “thank you taetae,” he mumbles, embarrassed but thankful. taehyung just chortles and jimin feels instead of hearing it, the hearty reverberation across taehyung’s expansive plush fur coat.it's not everyday that you get to see a mermaid laughing on a werewolf’s back; an unlikely duo shuttling to the lecture halls, a werewolf sprinting at full throttle at 9am on a tuesday morning, with a pretty mermaid in tow, tail flapping in the wind.
everything goes to nuts once again, when taehyung gets called back after class for his essay review and he gives an apologetic look at jimin, because it looks like the professor won't let him leave until taehyung explains his scattered, cluttered but extremely out of this world yet feasible ideas. his professor is amazed at his ability to conjure such bewildering and yet seemingly tangible, but also intangible, meta ideas, and would like to further their discourse. it's a great sign for taehyung, who wishes to save the world in whatever aspect he can, especially if it's pertaining to helping little kids.that being said, apart from jimin being elated that taehyung is getting the Recognition (with a capital R) that he deserves, on the flipside it also means jimin will be stuck by his chair, rendered immobile since he's practically useless with a whole tonne of tail holding him back. not wanting to be a bother, he tries to wriggle his way to the exit, yelping as he falls off his seat, falling on his butt.  it hurts,  jimin whines, sulking to himself,  should've remembered to stock up on those pills…  he's been too busy with essays and his case studies to take notice, and his tail slaps the floor in collective disappointment, his head drooping. it sucks to feel so useless.“hey, pardon me, but do you need some help?” oh hell no,  not jimin’s crush of two years seeing him in his most pathetic plight. their first direct encounter and this is the worst possible side of jimin he's seeing?  no thank you, not today. “i-it's fine! i'll manage, thank y- ahh!” jimin clings onto the person that hoists him up into a bridal carry, chuckling when jimin starts whimpering and clutching his white shirt. he's scared of these kind of abrupt jerky high heights kind of thing- you know, like the stupid viking ride at the theme parks? for poseidon’s sake, jimin thinks he could've been classified as a banshee from his loud screaming as the ship rocked up and down, close to hitting the ceiling. he had gripped taehyung’s hand so hard his knuckles turned white. good times.but back to reality, god does jeon jeongguk smell so nice, jimin honestly doesn't know what to do- he can feel his heart fluttering as jeongguk carries him with such delicacy and carefulness, and is that sea breeze or clean linen scent he's sprayed on? jimin feels so calm and so smitten because jeongguk's scent makes it feel like his origins, his first home. jeongguk smells so comforting and masculine at the same time, of the softness in his rock hard physique.“anywhere you would like to go, princess?” jimin may not know, but jeongguk's always having this bad habit of staring at him during class; the school once had a poll to judge who was the most beautiful in the school, as one of the columns in the newsletter special for valentine's day- jeongguk made sure all his friends voted for jimin, and even if he didn't, the results would still have been an overwhelming 79% victory, the rest more evenly split with the popular archangels and suave succubi and incubi.normally, jimin would've pouted and scolded the person for calling him such feminine-assigned names,  he is a boy, dammit!  a boy that was interested in studying and singing and reading and no, he uses a proper comb and not a dinglehopper or a rusty fork. no, he does not-  okay maybe just that few times for snapchat-  wear a purple clam shell bra just for the fun of it. he does sing and yes he does like animals, likes to dress up, look pretty and touch his hair. that's all you need to know.(that was  one time,  he had gotten drunk and put the caption of  ‘highest scorer for math bc mermaids r gr8 at alge-bra’  with a ridiculous selfie- taehyung took a screenshot without any shame, and whenever he topped the class for sociology and gender studies he would tweak the caption to his subject of liking (with a wolf pun,  yikes tae ) and send it to jimin as a meme.
 “[new tweet from @vantaetae] send this to your crush without any context!!! @jeonjk97 @theparkjimin gotchu bro ;)” 
jimin threw taehyung's phone into his bathtub.) “um, c-could you take me to namjoon hyung’s?” the walk there would be longer than compared to the pharmacy, and jimin has plenty of time to spare if it comes to jeongguk.“oh! i was just about to go there myself,” jeongguk smiles warmly, and the smile on jimin's face goes from genuine to forced.  stop that, jimin- it’s natural to always go see your boyfriend. ugh, your mind. 
jimin has always been enamoured with jeongguk since the first time they had phys ed together. all the sports the school conducts are mostly held indoors, so they could cater to those normally without proper human legs (jimin) and people that couldn't stay in the sun or outdoors too long (jeongguk).jimin was sitting out that fateful day, since his legs were wobbly from too much tail to leg medication, and had a doctor's orders to rest as much as possible. jeongguk, on the other hand, hadn't been feeding on blood (as a vampire should) because he felt terrible about biting people.“hyung, i don’t understand why people think drinking blood is sexy! it’s warm, sticky and messy! and people will get hurt…” jeongguk laments, when they make small talk, sighing that they couldn't go swimming with the rest. “you really think that way, gukkie?” jimin encourages, utterly endeared since minutes ago when jeongguk had asked so sweetly if calling him hyung was okay.  how could he say no? jeongguk goes on to ramble about how he refuses to drink human or animal blood, opting for  ‘synthesia’ , or what vampires dub synthetic blood as. “it's a colourless liquid, like water,” jeongguk explains, eyes glowing an alarming red, “just a little more viscous, like… like h-honey,” the end of his sentence starts to slur, his head spinning. jimin worries to no end when he abruptly clutches his head in his hands, morphing from a tall, charismatic vampire to a small ball of tremors.“jeongguk? jeongguk- are you alright? do you need me to call a teacher-”“‘m fine,” jeongguk wheezes, cracking an eye open to look at jimin, before looking at his own hand. he whimpers, looking at jimin once more. he's even paler than he already is- and then he bites his own thumb.  his own pretty, milky skinned thumb. “jeongguk,  what-” he softly nicks the second joint of his thumb with his fangs, slowly sucking near the ridge of his knuckle, colour slowly rushing back to his face. his eyes gradually glow in gold instead of red.  he's fed.  hastily, he wipes away any trace of blood, eyes wide in fear as jimin stares shell shocked, pretty lips parted permanently.“d-did you just-”“i'm sorry, did i scare you?” jeongguk panics, reaching out to hold jimin's hand, only to get a sharp, distinctive sting when he realises he's come into contact with one of jimin's silver rings. he hisses at the small burn, still mad at himself for making jimin so scared. right, feeding on your blood would definitely not be creepy to a mermaid. “oh my god,”  jimin cries, reaching out to hold jeongguk's hand, soothe his burn, but he pulls back, the sterling on his hands glistening under the light. “i'm so sorry, i didn't mean to- i thought-” how can jeongguk still smile like that at him? he's as adorable as a baby seahorse swimming with its teeny fins. (okay, bad analogy, but he's  sooooo cute. cute as a clam!)“it's okay, hyung… i'm used to it,” he mumbles, bangs blocking his eyes, “i hope this is not weird but, um, my blood is sweet.”  of course it would be,  jimin thinks,  you're the sweetest vampire i've ever met. “i must've been starving, haven't eaten in days.”jimin chides him for not eating, but jeongguk replies with the widest, most innocent of large puppy eyes, “hyung, the bunnies! think of the huge puppies that are so young! i don't wanna drink their blood!”  that’s you, gukkie- a huge baby pup that’s overgrown. jimin has to resist the urge to coo, and he almost combusts when jeongguk says synthesia tastes bad, like chewing gum after the flavour is gone, and he adds food colouring and artificial flavouring- or sometimes sweetener so it tastes nicer. jimin really wanted to kiss him so badly when he said he loved his blood banana milk flavoured.(he looks so overgrown and big but he's so  soft, and so tiny when he wants to be. and he has a very, very big heart.)
that big heart ended up breaking jimin's own. he'd been talking to jeongguk more often, realising they had more classes in common (and taehyung, so insistent in making ‘jikook’ happen) and after some time of hanging out and getting to know each other, jimin decided to write jeongguk a confession and leave it in his locker. i wrote a long love letter to you because i found it too hard to write a short one.  but before he could make it there, he spotted jeongguk cuddling with namjoon in the library, a witch in their school that seemed pretty close to the vampire. they were all over each other, and seokjin, a fairy, smoothening jeongguk's hair after namjoon kissed the mousy brown strands. he felt his heart smash open, tears threatening to fall.jeongguk had giggled so cutely, looking so much like namjoon and seokjin’s baby that he wanted to cry. he went back to his bathtub, tore up and burnt the letter before sinking into the cold water, water overflowing and shivering.
after evading jeongguk for a bit (and refusing to tell taehyung why the receptive shells in his hair turned blue, scales on his cheekbones and clavicles a melancholic wisteria) they remained as friends. not that close, but still on good talking terms. it took jimin a while to get over it, taehyung constantly coming over and camping at his clam shell water bed, before he finally came to terms that jeongguk was with namjoon.
it doesn't change the fact that jeongguk's an adorable baby, though. he's gotten better at makeup to make himself look tanner, asking yoongi (a dragon) where to buy good sunscreen with high spf (1000+) and jimin still giggles when he thinks of jeongguk and his badly smudged eyeliner, the terrifying mismatched bb cream.“you suck,” jimin had said, laughing as he puts on shimmery eyeshadow for jeongguk, helping him line his (nonexistent) top lip, giving him advice on how to accentuate his features, conceal his eyebags with colour correction.“as a matter of fact, i do.” jeongguk deadpans in retaliation, and it ends with both of them laughing at the lame joke.
the day jeongguk had carried him to namjoon’s, jimin had to explain his condition, while namjoon nodded in understanding. most clinics and drugstores had ceased selling them since they weren’t as profitable as common painkillers or flu medicine, given that mermaids that came on land and sought education were rare.“ah, this spell,” namjoon nods, running about to settle down vials and metallic liquids of suspicious colours, throwing weird leaves and glitter into a simmering pot on in induction, similar to that of a ramen cooker. move aside, cauldrons, the future is here. “i can get it done for you, hmm. i think it'll take around three weeks? since the rosehip oil and aquamarine dust need to be simmered at low heat under a full moon-” namjoon halts when jeongguk gives him his best puppy eyes, nudging him subtly. (namjoon’s just soft for jeongguk. everyone is, actually.)“er, sorry jimin- maybe we'll need about  another  week.  riiiight,  gotta find some fairy wings and mandragora root for a longer lasting effect,” he mumbles, dimples showing in his lopsided grin, and jimin agrees, jeongguk giggling in the corner, hugging namjoon.  yes! one more week of carrying jiminnie around- something ugly twists in jimin's gut, a small scowl forming seeing how close they are, but he tries his best to smile. namjoon is, after all, doing him a favour. it ends up being a light lipped smile, lips in a taut line. a more natural curl of his lips occurs when jeongguk chooses to carry him home, falling asleep to the smell of the sea.
jeongguk has now become jimin's ultimate form of transportation; only if the younger gets tired from track or baseball (he's an excellent sprinter and pitcher! jimin watches all the fancams religiously) does he phone up taehyung or hoseok the elf to fetch him.whenever jimin drops by namjoon's apartment, he learns something new. the modern witch (a fashionista, he must say, wearing very avant garde high fashion even at home- taehyung loves his Aesthetic Brand™- with a huge following on instagram even though he recently created it. KimDaily does not need instagram. instagram  needs KimDaily.) he lives with 3 other people in a queer single storey apartment, and funnily enough it's compartmentalised into four sectors, reminiscent of each season.namjoon's kitchen and lab tables full of bottles and vials and ingredients are likened to a spring day, seokjin the fairy taking summer, (since he owns a yacht back home apparently) and his space is decorated with plenty of flowers. yoongi the dragon takes the autumn corner, magical pumpkin spice latte machines and warm enough to hibernate (when he shapeshifts back and forth too many times) and hoseok the elf is in charge of winter, with a huge christmas tree (he loves green!) and mistletoe all around his part of the house.(so nobody steps in there because they know hoseok  will honour the Christmas Spirit with every breath. seokjin has tried and failed miserably.)it's a strange sort of allocation, but it works perfectly somehow.living with fairy, dragon yoongi and elf has its downsides (noise levels) but it does make his potion brewing and experimenting much easier to execute, since he's spared from explaining why he needs to get presumably nonexistent phoenix feathers or mandragora seeds. all yoongi just has to do is clip his nails to give him dragon talons, make hoseok laugh at silly antics to get a container of elf laughter, and make seokjin cry by pretending to throw away cooking pots or tell him really, really, corny dad jokes until big seok and small seok roll on the floor howling in laughter. two types of tears at one go.jimin learns that if he ever gets angry, the hyungs have tried and tested that wearing silver jewellery (his many rings and earrings) results in jeongguk not even being able come close, (he gets too excited and wakes all of them up at 3am because he saw a cool potion online on pinterest and wanted to try) or jimin can choose to announce italian for dinner, appetiser of garlic bread, aglio olio for main course, and  get out of my room  for dessert.but thank amphitrite that he doesn't need to- jeongguk is positively (just like his blood) the sweetest baby ever. jimin is probably the one making jeongguk avoid his kitchen because he spilt synthesia with a dark crimson dye (meaning fake blood that looked too real), clumsy, as he was trying to make red velvet pancakes for jeongguk’s breakfast. he won’t ever forget how jeongguk sleepily shuffled in with his fuzzy bunny slippers, hair in a bird’s nest (or should he say bat’s nest?) and came over to backhug him, saying drinking synthesia on its own is okay. he was whining,  jimin recalls,  to cuddle and sleep, and jimin regrets not kissing him that lazy morning.
jeongguk’s heart rate skyrockets when everyone in the school starts calling him prince eric, since he's always clutching a mermaid in distress (delight) in his arms and when he wakes up late, jimin ends up being dependent collateral damage and being late too. but jeongguk makes up for it by buying him seashell cookies and sea salt caramel flavoured things and coffee. (he also likes  mer  tinis and  mer  mosas). after trial and error, he also discovers that jimin hates fish and seaweed because he says it feels like he's eating his own kind- jeongguk secretly (who is he kidding, taehyung has photo  s  of him drooling as he stares at jimin) finds it so cute when he puffs his cheeks in tolerance of his friends eating fillets, looks away at the ‘corpses’ of his distant relatives from his ancestral roots from under the sea.jimin’s favourite place to be is his bathtub; and ever since jeongguk had been called ‘prince eric’ by all his friends (since jimin was reliant on his ‘free transport’ in exchange of jeongguk moving in on his own accord- jeongguk just barged in with an insanely huge camo patterned luggage backpack and rang his doorshell, blurting “hyung, i’m gonna carry you around for now.” who was jimin to say no?) it was initially really embarrassing because jimin had to fight off all the teasing (especially taehyung, that little shit) with a fierce blush, whereas jeongguk never declined anything, just smiled that shy grin that jimin fell in love with, the way his shoulders shot up and his head ducked in bashfulness.one day, while jimin’s having a calming  treat yourself  me time in his tub, scented candles lit by the basin, bathtub tray with a glass of fleur de mer rosé and a book, he realises he’s forgotten his chocolates, and hollers fro jeongguk to bring them in.“hey, hyung! can i throw them? and you catch?” jeongguk bounces on his feet, and jimin grimaces.  what is this, a dolphin show? usually he wouldn't allow such chaotic activity (he’s a lawful good!) but this is his… crush. the person that mer-makes him happy. makes the baby pink dorsal fin with ribbon like qualities extending all the way down his emerald tail flutter, turn a deep shade of pink.“f-fine.”(jimin almost flips his wine glass when jeongguk cheers and dabs, saying “yeah buoy!”  he  dabbed.  jimin honestly would’ve lost it if not for how cute he is.  dabbing. really, jeongguk. who even dabs these days-)jeongguk gives up when jimin’s no fun, smugly catching every single cube he tosses, and instead opts to sit by the edge of the tub to feed him after the sixth cube. jimin beams with every coquettish wink given as he claims his chocolates, (he may or may not have moaned a little and licked jeongguk's finger just to see him get all flustered and red) he's proud of himself despite the minor splashes of coloured water on the floor.jeongguk is mesmerised and so terribly fond.man, he really should’ve grown a tail-  sorry, he meant balls-  and leaned over to kiss jimin’s soft cheeks.
(everybody assumes they're dating, but the two of them are always vehemently denying it as if people were claiming the sky is green instead of blue. goddamn it, jikook.)
 we been knew,  taehyung shouts, utterly done, when he catches wind from hoseok that jeongguk had visited namjoon’s for a love potion.  about damn time, guk. “so, um, hyung?” four heads immediately whip around at the honorifics, “can you help me? i wanna… buy a love potion. i wanna... make, um, jimin hyung fall in love with me, maybe?”the hyungs have had enough. (with their shitty flirting) so after a ‘grave, pivotal discussion’ among themselves, they've settled on delegating near impossible tasks surrounded by jimin for jeongguk to accomplish, in the form of ingredients- a self prescribed placebo effect, hoping that they'll figure it out themselves instead. just in case people think namjoon's a phony- he  could make one, but he chooses to only use magic wherever necessary (the house, for example) so that it stays preserved for as long as possible. the magic in the world is quickly depleting, the same way global warming applies to the earth.“what do you like the most about jimin?” seokjin asks, gaze playful.“oh, there's a lot! for starters-”“well sure, you're whipped- so just name one. whichever comes to your mind first.” yoongi’s shaking his head at how oblivious jeongguk is. hoseok spots him rolling his eyes, and cackles, sparkles erupting from his ears (doing That Thing) underneath his hat.“his eyes are so pretty,” jeongguk dreamily sighs without hesitation, cheek resting against his hand, and the four inhabitants of the apartment start grinning, looking at namjoon who flips a random book (upside down) and bullshitting his way while flicking at the musty pages. “ah, yes. it says on page 311 of one of the necessary ingredients for a successful courtship of a mermaid- three mermaid eyelashes.” he traces over  god knows what  upside down latin words those are, and jeongguk  oohs  as if he gets it, sparkly doe eyes full of childlike wonder. they feel a tad bad for pranking him, but  still. “it's not easy to make a love potion, especially if it's to be used on a mermaid,” seokjin deadpans, “trust me, jeongguk, i'm a fairy.”(perhaps a vampire wouldn't know that some fairies lie, too. but it's the twenty first century already, come on- fairies also had to learn how to survive in such a harsh world, okay?)hoseok snorts, and yoongi follows up by telling him in his Strictly Business Voice that it's going to be a long and arduous task in getting the rare ingredients, and proper brewing procedures (this part is true) conducted by namjoon.jeongguk agrees to every single clause almost immediately. for jimin, he would probably do anything. uh, maybe except kiss him whenever he feels like it. period. jimin would never be able to leave the waterbed, then.
jimin gets all weirded out. the sequential events of jeongguk staring at him so intently, in the tub, while he's studying, even when jeongguk is carrying him. always his sparkly eyes on jimin, not the road in front of him. trying to pluck at his eyelashes, scrub his tail, wash his hair; the things rapidly escalate, and jimin frowns in disbelief at this absurdity.“jeonggukie, why are you collecting my… hair? that's so freaking creepy.”jeongguk spews out the lamest excuse he can, saying it's for some  graded magical project  , and to his surprise jimin hums in understanding and probes no further.  aww, he's just working hard for his grades, i have to support him! studying is great! “ah, those are tough… if there's any other mermaid related things you need, hyung will help you if he can!”jeongguk mentally fist pumps the air-  hallelujah! so far all the ingredients were surely working in his favour; he'd be en route to making jimin fal in love with him in no time!(he falls asleep dreaming of kissing jimin silly, holding his hand officially, carrying him whenever he pleases, finally having a proper reason to stare at jimin.  finally. )
the four hyungs in the magic house are  floored  that he manages to bring back jimin’s hair, his eyelashes, an actual freaking mermaid scale, and whatever rubbish they were thinking when they told jeongguk to bring back mermaid essence.  heck, they didn't even know such a thing existed.(“oh yes. jin hyung, what was it again, the one i told you about?” namjoon blinks, stunned when jeongguk had triumphantly brought back a shiny peridotite mermaid scale. running out of ideas, he pegs the onus on seokjin to come up with some aloof ingredient to curb jeongguk's enthusiasm. if they knew jeongguk had such a relentless vigour and headstrong attitude, namjoon would've lied and said he was an incubus. goodness.“mermaid essence.” seokjin bluffs, with an air of sophistication and class to it, spelling it out, “it's a very rare element in this world, JK- do you think you really could find it?” he raises his eyebrows, forming an old school tilted ‘L’ under his chin with his thumb and index finger.  ha! namjoon, i've outsmarted you- “you can count on me! i'll get it!”the four inhabitants of the house stare at each other, from different parts of the house, mouths agape before making exasperated sighs or facepalming, as jeongguk dashed out to find jimin. jeongguk was really… something else altogether.)
“so. the final ingredient,” namjoon exhales, and the rest of the members in his house suck in their breath for dramatic effect, yoongi blowing a puff of flames just for fun, wearing namjoon’s pointy black hat (catch them rolling their eyes at the stereotypes) for a full fantasy. jeongguk looks even more nervous. he's so close to making jimin fall in love with him! whatever it takes, he will and  must  make it happen.  jimin is going to fall in love with me. he has to! hyung is a witch! “listen carefully, guk- you have to mark the mermaid you have your eyes on. as in, on the neck. like, uh-”“a love bite,” hoseok says dreamily, “makes sense since you're a vampire anyway, hmm?”“basically, a hickey.” yoongi chimes in, getting smacked at for his crassness, “yoongi he's still underage or something!”“i- i'm legal!” jeongguk wails back, “but how am i going to bite jimin hyung?  he's so cute,  i can't bite him- that's just for feeding, and i feed using stored synthesia, i-”he looks like he's having an existential mental breakdown crisis meltdown going on, and the four members of the house feel bad in unison for putting out such a heart wrenching task.“that's on you, kid,” namjoon gently pats his shoulder, feeling bad, “but i think jimin wouldn't mind. you know, witchy feelings and all that.”
“h-hyung? can i ask you a favour?” jimin puts aside the novella he's reading and pats the waterbed for jeongguk to sit next to him. the poor baby (who is jimin kidding, he almost passed out finding out jeongguk is a hundred and fifty seven:  “hyung! i'm turning hundred and fifty eight on the first of september, though!” ) looks so nervous, like his lips are going to bleed from excessive chewing on them. he's been nonstop touching the nape of his neck, plucking at the baby hairs.“can i bite you?”jimin blinks, once, twice.“you want to  bite  me.” he repeats, incredulous.“yeah! and if possible, maybe, er, your neck?”this is  way  too specific and waaaay too out of character for jeongguk. it's almost as if this is some kind of hex, like some black magic tomfoolery.  wait. black… and magic? that sounds like nam-“does this have a time limit? can i, um, think about it?”“oh!” jeongguk looks like he's disappointed, but not surprised, like he's anticipated this outcome despite getting his hopes raised. jimin's heart sinks like the titanic when he sees jeongguk hiccup, shoulders sag, eyes downcast. “y-yeah. actually, you can forget what i said, haha. it's just some experiment! for… for fun! g-good night, hyung,” he's trying so hard to laugh it off, but there's something else that speaks volumes about how upset he's feeling, the glasiness of his eyes, the fumbling of his hands.there's something awful in knowing that you've successfully all the way until the last step. jeongguk doesn't sleep next to jimin that night, instead opting for the beanbag.jimin needs to visit namjoon and company tomorrow. must. 
on his way to ‘collect his prescribed medicine’, and sending jeongguk to get him snacks, jimin makes a trip to namjoon’s, a man on a mission.“good morning,” he greets with a bow, ushered to take a seat as the teapot floats in midair to pour jimin some refreshing oolong. namjoon hands over the nicely wrapped package, complete with cursive font, meticulously running over the details of the medicine once more. namjoon’s alone today, the other three out on errands or cooping up elsewhere.“by the way,” jimin mumbles, after a sip of tea, “i have no idea if this is related to you, but your boyfriend has been acting strange recently! and just yesterday- on top of your lover’s tiff or whatever- i think i made him really sad… it hurt my heart seeing him look like a wounded puppy, so do you think there’d be a potion or syrup for that?”“since when did i have a boyfriend?” namjoon shoots back, brows arched as he looks at jimin for answers.  wait, yoongi was sad? he was with namjoon the whole day, watching netflix and we were even making beats together- “isn’t jeongguk your boyfriend? that’s why he’s always coming to see you, isn’t it?” the sentence comes out of jimin's mouth harshly, sounding like gravel. rough, unhappy.namjoon squints, hand on his hip, sassily taking a huge gulp of tea, and the stank face makes jimin regret asking- he must’ve screwed up big time somewhere in the timeline. namjoon’s face very accurately conveys the epitome of  really, bitch? “a-ah. so, not boyfriends?” jimin cringes, frowning as he tries to recall what other people jeongguk might be into.  oh! maybe seokjin?  as if reading his mind, namjoon grabs his shoulders with both hands, “no, jimin. okay, how about we start with  why  jeongguk needs a love potion.”“he’s asking for a love potion!” jimin repeats, more of stating a ‘did you know’ fact than a question, as he gawks at namjoon, who exasperatedly smacks his own forehead in exhaustion.  these two...  “who wouldn’t love jeonggukie? he’s such a sweetheart, a baby...”namjoon awkwardly coughs.  whoops,  sorry about your customer confidentiality, guk. he swears he’s professional, he’s just positively  done  with the two of them. “how about  you  ask yourself? why aren’t you liking him back even though he has almost completed getting all the nonsensical ingredients we told him to collect- heck, i never knew the kid would  actually pluck your eyelashes-”“are you sure he really likes me? it's not some delusional perfume or body mist spray he’s trying to make, right?” jimin looks so hopeful (with his fists balled up) it's endearing, but what’s  not  is the two of them being oblivious- spirits of babylon, please guide their souls to each other. at least namjoon has the decency to be subtle regarding his little yoongi issue, and he pats himself on the back, in comparison to jimin and jeongguk.  ‘we’ve lived together for 7 years, haha best bros’  suddenly sounds so much better and way more appealing than  ‘eh? are you sure we’re meant to be together? even though i dream of kissing him?’. “if you’re meant to be, fate will find his way, jimin. trust in that.  amor fati. ”
jimin's leaning on the clam shaped headboard of his bed, listlessly flipping through the words in his book that he's hardly reading, not even scanning. he's probably so distracted that he flips every page at a rhythmic interval, just to wait for jeongguk to return. it's no use. he should just take a bath. the water helps him think better.“you're back!” jimin chirps, tail excitedly flicking about, whole being perking up, ten minutes into soaking. “so… i've been thinking? and i realised that i don't really mind,” his words  waver  towards the end (wave, get it? waver?), licking his lips when he meets eye contact with jeongguk, who comes round the bathroom. he feels the scales decorating his skin tingle.the vampire merely cocks an eyebrow, “are you sure, hyung? i mean, uhm, it was kind of a joke-”“i like you, so i don't mind you biting me,” jimin replies softly, tail swishing in the pink foam of his bathtub, face as red as a cherry. he looks so cute with the pile of bubbles and foam sitting on his head like a little hat. like a  baby shark, doo doo doo doo doo doo- okay stop that, jeongguk. get a hold of yourself.“oh. um, what?” jeongguk says, backtracking to what jimin had said.  i like you.  it plays on repeat in his head, an endless loop.  i like you, i like you.  “huh, i haven't even finished collecting ingredients for the potion-”  shit.  he did not just play himself, at the most critical of times- he truly is boo boo the fool.  ugh, his mind. “potion? what potion?” jimin feigns innocence, hands and tail poised in a remarkably seductive pose, head tilted to expose the creamy skin and the jugular vein by his neck, and who knew the moles on his neck would somehow be this attractive in the least appropriate of situations.  draw me like one of your mermaids, jeon.  to think that if jimin were in his two legged form he'd be  naked and having a bath-jeongguk has half a mind to either slap himself to get his mind out of the gutter, disappear by punching himself, or maybe smell garlic just so he can pass out. maybe even touching silver would be a good idea. “w-well, i mean, i was namjoon hyung’s apprentice for a bit, yeah? i told you that-”jimin pulls the plug, draining the water from the tub, ridding himself of suds with fresh water. “ right.  the funny business of plucking my hair and all that. go on.” jeongguk stutters and stammers on freshly homemade details, just so that maybe jimin, as usual, gets sleepy after a bath and fails to pursue the matter. the mermaid juts his lower lip out, grabs his lemon yellow towel before making grabby hands at jeongguk to carry him to bed. “i have all night to discuss this with you, gukkie,” jimin coos (seductively, might he add), “i've been drinking loads of coffee so i'm really hyped about this  little talk  we're going to have.”jeongguk carries jimin over nervously, wordless as his shifty eyes avoids looking at the world’s most beautiful merman, chewing on his bottom lip to relieve his rapidly beating heart. for the love of hades, his heart doesn't even usually beat, but when it's jimin they skip far too many beats like he's in a competitive stone skipping battle, the rhythm to some weirdly poetic description of jimin in iambic pentameter. “i dabbled with magic,” he mumbles, furrowing his brows as he searches for an answer.  to tell or not to tell, that is the question. “mhm, and then after the collection of mermaid essence, you made  what  experiment, exactly?” jeongguk has a hunch jimin might already have known, and he winces, because everything will ultimately leave him trapped and cornered on a  single bed with jimin,  (it's a cute waterbed shaped as a clam, okay) struggling to come to terms with his feelings and his not-perfect-enough plans on dealing with perfection (he's referring to jimin, by the way). since they don't have a spare bed or couch, and jimin seems to have hidden the beanbag, maybe jeongguk could take the bathtub for the night- jimin always makes it look so comfy.“what potion were you making, jeonggukie?” jimin is purring.  he's fucking purring.  and batting his eyelashes so prettily. and letting his hands find purchase on jeongguk's arms, tracing mindless patterns that make his skin crawl, burn with a flaming desire. and he's looking up at him so innocently.  how much more can a vampire take? not so much, it seems.“a love potion,” jeongguk growls, gritting his teeth when he knows he's lost, looking away; jimin has him so weak, melted, remoulded and remounted wherever he wants him.  whatever, whenever, wherever.  jeongguk just melts like goo at his every command, be it cheeky, cute, charming- you get the drill.  sea what jimin has done? “and why... were you making such a thing?” his voice abruptly changes to one of uncertainty, a great contrast of his previous tone of confidence and coyness, in spite of jeongguk’s dead giveaway- he's even touching his hair, combing his wet locks backwards. it's what jimin does when he's nervous. jimin avoids all eye contact, and jeongguk pokes his tongue out to wet his lips, even more flustered than ever.“because... i really want someone to like me.”while he's tiptoeing around the answer, the tip of jimin’s tail is landing softly on his thigh. the small baby fingers with pearl rings never left his chest, right atop of his heart. it's like jimin's waiting, waiting for him to confirm his suspicions, confess his ardent desires. jimin's also wearing the gold pearl earrings (so he gets to look pretty and jeongguk can touch him, a win-win situation) he had gifted him last week.  so beautiful. “and what makes you think he doesn't already like you?”before he waits for jeongguk to cogitate and retaliate regarding his sudden curved ball, the gears turn in jimin's mind, “hold on. jeonggukie? i actually have something to tell you.” he's not sure if he's doing the right thing, but the merblood tells him it is correct. the feisty, teasing, loving energy that courses through his veins. “i'm not actually a mermaid.” jeongguk blinks, frozen.“hyung-” he's friends with witches and elves and goddamn beheaded banshees, beautiful naiads and whatnot, such that anything is technically possible. really. he's met people that's offered him congealed blood from zombies sfter hearing he's a vampire, and another wizard friend had wanted vampire pee for an experiment, and begged so earnestly in every of the washrooms that he'd ‘coincidentally’ bumped into jeongguk in, always in the urinal next to him. anything is possible, and jeongguk doesn't quite know where to begin.jimin lies and spews an incredulous tale of how he's actually from a lineage a sorcerer that was supposed to be burned at the stake for being a witch, often hunting vampires as a psychedelic hobby- just to mess with him- he expects jeongguk to know he’s kidding, the way their hands are interlocked, fingers entwined perfectly as jimin thumbs over the alabaster skin. but no. instead, jeongguk looks like he's in a state of shock, mouth opening and closing but no words come out (he would make a cute tropical fish, in jimin's humble opinion), “b-but  hyung,  i- i'm a vampire and you didn't exterminate me! so! so you're a good sorcerer mermaid witch, uh, vampire hunter?” jeongguk retorts, lips pursed in confusion as he tries ro recall the numerous hoax titles jimin bestowed upon himself in his little less than 280 characters verbal tweet.“it seems so weird, but… but i still like you,” jeongguk mumbles, and jimin almost bursts into freshwater tears. “i'm just joking i'm a little mermaid-  your  little mermaid! i- i truly don’t deserve you…”“huh. what do you-”“i'm sorry, i'm sorry,” jimin mumbles sitting on his tail to hug jeongguk, take him all in, eyes like that little frog headband taehyung had given him. “you're my prince eric, i love you…” jeongguk hasn't recovered from his shook face.“sorry… i just like teasing you, you're really cute,” jimin pouts, apples of his cheeks a glowing a charming rosy pink, because of the evanescent fish scales on his cheekbones. “hyung will do anything for you okay? do you want to pick my outfits? or brush my hair? or are you still wanting to bite me…”“all of the above.” jeongguk declares haughtily, now having blackmail material against the mermaid, hands folded across his chest as jimin blubbers his lips together, smirking when jimin just makes cute noises of annoyance but makes no evident scowl; instead he leans into his touch.“you're gonna wear the fishnets and denim crop top tomorrow, hyung. oh i almost forgot- with the choker, too.” jeongguk announces, stupid dopey grin plastered on his face, leading to jimin scrunching up his nose. he  hates  those fishnets, it reminds him of those terrible trawlers that caught the poor dolphins and fishes in those nasty nets, but taehyung said he would've looked  hot as hell  and bought it for him as an april fools joke. jimin does  not like the idea of anything hitting too close to home in a bad, mean way. “w-well,”  he clears his throat, tail frolicking, index fingers poking at each other, “if jeonggukie wants me to wear it, then…” the seashells in his hair suddenly turn as red as his cheeks, as if it's magic. “what! s-stop staring at me, i get shy,” jimin mumbles, jeongguk inching closer, and he moves back instinctively when jeongguk's nose touches his.  boop.  the vampire shows off his cute bunny teeth and fangs, and jimin feels the sudden urge to kiss him, desire flooding in like a tidal wave. closing in, jeongguk is being an  absolute brat  as he pulls back, just like he had done seconds ago- just that now that he's buzzing with a little added adrenaline and lots of fuzzy feelings- jeongguk laughs when jimin almost makes their lips touch but he dodges in time for jimin to fall on his chest, plush pouty lips chasing his for his long-owed kiss, their actions making the waterbed shift in weight.“you're a meanie!” jimin accuses, petty, banging a fist on jeongguk’s chest, and jeongguk just laughs, brushing jimin’s coral pink hair behind his ear, fingers ghosting the pretty scales adorning his skin.  so beautiful.  “sorry, you're just so cute, i enjoy teasing you,” jeongguk mimics, parroting jimin, causing a loud smack on his thigh by jimin’s majestic tail. it almost looks like it's glowing. “ah, okay, okay! you're a hyung and i'm not supposed to bully you, got it!” jeongguk wheezes, and jimin shuts him up by squeezing his cheeks together, making his lips pucker together. it's cute.“mwah!”but when they eventually start kiss- kissing, jeongguk's fangs accidentally nick jimin's lush lips, causing it to bleed, and the poor boy tears up, eyes watery. “hyung, i'm so sorry, maybe it's not a good idea-”“hush, it's okay, sweetie- if you don't mind me asking, isn't um, a vampire’s saliva healing though? i may or may not have read up on how to kiss a-” with a sudden epiphany, jeongguk tackles jimin back onto the bed, tenderly licking at the wound like a kitten drinking milk, before sucking on jimin's rosy lower lip, causing him to whine.(they spend the rest of the night kissing, until jimin’s lips are so swollen, and then falling asleep with jimin nestled safely in jeongguk’s arms.)
“hyungie, how do mermaids have sex?”the question came out of the blue, while studying on his bed, lying on his belly. jimin turns a dark rosewood rouge. “that's the million dollar question, huh.”the vampire looks up at him so curiously the fangs poking out next to bunny teeth look like canines belonging to an overly excited puppy. “do you guys even have a di-”“hey! d-don't be so crass,” jimin mumbles, pressing both hands over jeongguk's lips, tiny shells decorating his neck and clavicles turning the colour of fruit punch. “i mean, i don't, um, engage in  those things, ” jimin makes big figurative hand motions to gesture at promiscuous activities, and jeongguk snorts. “just say fuc-”
 “justin ian jeon! jeong! guk!” 

 “okay, chill, geez-” 
“for your information my tail is essentially an erogenous zone, so,” jimin confesses, fingers running over his green fish scales, looking at jeongguk for confirmation. “but as of what i know, we kind of need the legs, you know? to do  that thing,  because we need to have the, uh,  you know,  the genital areas.”“w-wait- so all this while i've been touching your huge dick-”“jeongguk! stop that! i-” jimin’s tail wiggles, back and forth rapidly with a mind of its own, as he tries to push jeongguk off his bed, stationery falling off. with every wag jimin gains more strength, until jeongguk finally topples off the bed and lands with an  oof. “i feel like you deserved that but at the same time… are you okay?”“wow.” jeongguk breathes, cheeky grin plastered on his face, hair a mess as he lays comfortably on the floor. “the dick’s pretty powerful, too, huh.”jimin doesn't know whether to hide under his blankets in embarrassment (this was a mistake! he should never have mentioned it so vaguely as an erogenous zone- it still requires some stimuli and all that okay- jeongguk will never let him live it down!) or yell at jeongguk to get out of his room, or maybe throw a comb at him, as he waggles his eyebrows, asking about the glitter peach lotion by the night stand. he settles for shouting at the younger from under the blankets, tail sticking out and flicking petulantly.“you brat! hyung puts lotion on his tail sometimes to moisturize his scales so they can last for a longer time out of water, is that so hard to understand-” his voice is muffled, and he sounds a little pained, upset. tired, perhaps.“sorry, hyung,” jeongguk softly says, lifting the covers and worming his way in, sneaking in two kisses, “at least now i know it's not a tiny chilli pepper or anything, i love you and your dick, whatever colour or size, yeah? and waterproof or not. don't matter,” jeongguk murmurs into his shoulder, arms finally snaking it's way to wrap around jimin's waist. oh my god.  how is jeongguk saying all this so nonchalantly? like it's  not  anything remotely sexual? jimin flushes a deep crimson, bashfully hiding his face in his hands. the scales glimmer too, even in the dark. everything about jimin is so magical.  he's so pretty-  jeongguk's personal favourite is jimin's eyes.“you really are the worst.” jimin's mad that he's so awfully  Soft  for this boy, melting and forgiving as soon as he looks at jeongguk's puppy like face, that Wounded Puppy Look.  his puppy prince. how the heck does he become so pliant in jeongguk's every kiss, every touch? it must be magic. “hyung-”  jeongguk whines, pulling off the covers to breathe, tugging at jimin’s wrists, “look at me, your tiny hands aren't that interesting-”“excuse me! my hands aren't even  that  small-”“let's compare, then!” jeongguk grins, the smirk of a victor, and puts out his huge veiny hands, and jimin regrets his retort; the hilarious encounter of pinky measurement with taehyung that one time was such a prescient foreboding. but jeongguk, the cheesy little brat, just chooses to entwine their fingers and link their hands instead, sparing jimin any ridicule.“see, your hands aren't small, they're just custom made for me,” he then tilts jimin's hand, angling it upwards in an exquisite manner, kissing the blush pink scales on his knuckles. “it's been an honour to be your prince, your highness.”“gukkie…” jimin's heart melts, he's becoming so soft, and his lower lip instinctively juts out. jeongguk's ridiculously sweet and but a brat at times- a cute brat. does that even make sense? his baby bratpire. or maybe batpire? because you know, vampires look like bats in the books and-“i know you must be getting bored, but i just have to tell you you're really pretty. again. it's my obligatory 3 times a day compliment jimin hyung prescription. see, i'm a better witch than namjoon hyung!”(somewhere in the apartment namjoon sneezes three times in a row, ugh, someone must be talking about him behind his back again. stupid witchy instincts.)
sometimes jimin hides his tail to leg medicine because it's a little tiring to keep transforming and toggling between swimming and walking and it hurts a little if he does it too often. of course, that includes strenuous activities carried out when he has legs. they get sore easily these days- no, jeongguk, nobody is going to associate that with the fact you have great stamina. nope.also, he enjoys being carried by his prince eric, and jeongguk likes showing him off- especially in his arms. slung across his shoulders is a close second. 



Afterword


End Notes
i hope u liked it:,-) i saw the title magic shop and love maze,,,, and thought of mer jimin and that's why we're here.omw to buy some wigs even tho i made it before 18 may. i've had enough of this fake love TT bless!<3


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



