



Youre too mean I dont - ThisIsTaeIsBae - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

You're too mean, I don't like you (I love you)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10647855.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
Multi
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V/Park Jimin, mentioned Yoonmin - Relationship
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, mentioned Min Yoongi | Suga - Character, Mentioned Jackson Wang - Character
Additional Tags:
Deepthroating, Rimming, Threesome - M/M/M, Daddy Kink, Oppa Kink, Jeon Jungkook is Whipped, Jeon Jungkook is a Little Shit, Bottom Kim Taehyung | V, Drunk Kim Taehyung | V, Park Jimin Is a Little Shit, Kim Taehyung | V & Park Jimin are Best Friends, Other Additional Tags to Be Added, idek know what I wrote, tagging is hard, Polyamory, No smut in the second chapter, (Taehyung likes crossdressing, keep that in mind), Dates, Chatting & Messaging, Texting, Shy Jeon Jungkook, Top Jeon Jungkook, Top Park Jimin, well not always, completely unrealistic, just pure fluff, YouTuber Park Jimin, ? - Freeform
Series:
Part 2 of
The TaeTastick (Mis)Adventures Of The Needy Maknae Line (ft. NiSam)
Stats:

        Published: 2017-04-16
          Completed: 2017-07-17
          Chapters: 6/6
        Words: 8261
      

You're too mean, I don't like you (I love you)
by ThisIsTaeIsBae
Summary
Jungkook really likes Taehyung, especially now he knows what the lilac-haired boy can do with his mouth.But- he also likes Jimin, his roommate, a lot too.Maybe things can work out for the three of them? OrJungkook gets a lap full of Kim Taehyung and shit goes down from there
Notes
OKAY SOI worked soooo hard on this.This was a real pain in the ass.Also, this fic is going against every single one of my believes.This whole fic will be mostly Jungkook centred bcuz he's just too much fun to write.Also, the hairstyles are from WOH era bcuz that's one of my faves

          See the end of the work for more notes





Daddy and Oppa love their Baby Boy



Jimin and Yoongi have broken up, and it's a surprise for Taehyung.
Taehyung knows that Jimin adores Yoongi, but it the end it's only that. Jimin adores Yoongi, how he works hard for his dreams, how good his rap is, the way he cares for everyone, but it's only adoration. They just didn't work out as a couple. The sex was great, Jimin and Yoongi both can't deny that. But they hold on a little too long, with the thought that maybe they could work. And in the end, they just gave up. Of course, they're still friends, they still help each other out. But as a couple, no.And honestly, Taehyung expected Jimin to cry. Or maybe at least look a bit sad. But Jimin just shrugged with a mumble of "we didn't work out. Can you cuddle with me~?" And Taehyung let it go.
Of course, he's still prepared for when Jimin does break down; he knows that the older tends to hold his emotions in for too long.A week passes and nothing happens, Jimin is still his cute self, maybe a bit more clingy, but 100% okay. Taehyung wants to be around Jimin as much as he can, finally being able to cling to the older without having an angry grumpy Yoongi ready to throw him off a building. (Okay maybe they do more than just cuddling, and if Taehyung's being honest, Dominate Jimin is freaking hot)
And when he gets a text from Jimin saying'Com study w/ me @ the library? (●´ω｀●)'He doesn't wait a second to type back a 'YES!' with about twenty heart emojis added. --- Taehyung is currently running towards the library, one shoe in his hand and the other half on. It might be a bit pathetic, how he's hopping on one foot, trying to get to Jimin as fast as possible. But, in his defence, he hasn't seen Jimin in like, a whole day!When he finally manages to shove his foot in his shoe, he spots Jimin.
The older is chuckling at someone with black hair, slightly Emo eyeliner and cute bunny teeth who looks slightly flustered, but Taehyung pays him no mind.He increases his pace and lets himself fall down onto Jimin's lap with a happy cry of "Minnie!"
The boy next to Jimin startles and his ears turn even redder but Taehyung skilfully ignores him in favour of pressing Jimin's cheeks together to make a fishy face.Jimin splutters and puts his hands on Taehyung's chest, pushing the younger away from his face. Taehyung releases Jimin's cheeks and smiles.
"Nice to see you too, TaeTae" Jimin says and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand.
Taehyung turns his head to right and looks at EmoKid."Who's this?"He asks and points to Jungkook with his thumb. Said boy looks like he wants his chair to swallow him up whole."This is Jungkook" Jimin answers.
"Taehyung, Jungkook. Jungkook, Taehyung" he introduces them.Taehyung's breath hitches and he tries his best not to choke on his spit.
Jungkook? It-it can't be THE Jungkook, right? Right?
It cannot be the Jungkook he had phone sex with only a mere two weeks ago, right?
Taehyung swallows and holds out his hand.
"Hi, I'm Taehyung. Minnie's best friend" his voice is surprisingly stable.Jungkook takes a look at Taehyung's hand and stands up.
"I-I have to go" he mutters and speeds away.
Taehyung actually does choke this time, because that is definitely THE Jungkook. Even though the cockiness and teasing is gone, his voice still sounds the same.He looks back at Jimin who's watching him with a smirk.
"…What just happened?" The younger asks with a dazed look. Jimin just shrugs with a chuckle. --- The second time Taehyung sees Jungkook, it's at 1am on a Saturday.
Taehyung is standing in front of Jimin and Jungkook's shared dorm, knocking some melody of a song on the door."Chimmy Baby pleaseeeeee open the doooooor for your beloved best friend~!"He sing-songs while tipping over dangerously, all the alcohol poured into his body messes with his balance.
Taehyung hears a grumble coming from the other side of the door before it swings open, revealing a very cute Jimin."MINNIE!"Taehyung yells and throws himself on the smaller boy, hugging him tight."Taehyung. Are you drunk?"Jimin says with his 'angry mom voice' and Taehyung giggles in response."Maaaaaaaybe~~"The older boy groans and hits Taehyung's head, hard."You pabo. Why are you always getting drunk? You're lucky that I'm here for you"He says while dragging Taehyung to the living room to sit down on the couch.
Unfortunately, someone was already laying there, and Jimin kind of (not really) forgot about the youngest boy who decided to relax with only his boxers and a white t-shirt on and pushes Taehyung to sit down.
Taehyung yelps when gravity got the best of him and falls down rather ungracious, right on Jungkook's lap.
Said boy's eyes shot open and he splutters a bit."Wha-what the hell? Why- Taehyung????"Jungkook's cheeks turn a bright red when he notices exactly who is sitting on his lap.
Taehyung only smiles and moves to lay down on Jungkook's chest."Hiiii Kookie~"He mumbles and wiggles around a bit so that his legs fit between Jungkook's spread ones and his head is on the youngest chest.
Jungkook looks at Jimin with a glare, but said boy only smirks and winks at Jungkook before retreating to his room.Jungkook looks back at Taehyung and pokes his shoulder."Hey, hey, Taehyung"Taehyung grumbles and moves around a bit, his crotch dangerously close to Jungkook's.Jungkook sucks in a breath and pokes Taehyung's shoulder again."Taehyung can you please move?"Taehyung looks up from Jungkook's chest and pouts."But you're so comfy Kookie!"He wiggles around some more and accidentally (?) brushes his leg against Jungkook's crotch.
Jungkook bites his lip and tries to push Taehyung away."Taehyung please move"Taehyung shakes his head."No."Jungkook sucks in a deep breath and closes his eyes for a moment. Maybe if he'll use a different method, Taehyung will move?
It's worth a shot, 'cuz if Taehyung keeps brushing against his crotch Jungkook'll go insane.
He opens his eyes and looks in to Taehyung's sternly."No, Taehyungie. You're going to listen to me and get off."Jungkook sees Taehyung's pupils dilate and the older wiggles around some more, brushing against Jungkook's crotch again.
Taehyung brushes against the younger a few more times.
Jungkook can feel himself getting hard slowly and his whole face turns red from embarrassment. A moment passes before Taehyung speaks up.".....but what if I don't listen to you? What will you do?"Taehyung whispers and blinks his eyes innocently.Jungkook can feel the older harden against his leg and he sucks in another harsh breath."If you don't listen to me, I'll have to punish you for being a bad boy."This isn't going in the direction Jungkook hoped for and it's not going as Taehyung expected either, if the flushed ears of the latter are any indication .Jungkook has this weird habit of thinking rational, but speaking with his dick. And this is the second time his potty mouth got him a needy Taehyung. The younger is not sure if he should stop -because he's clearly taking advantage of a drunk Taehyung- or that he should continue, after all, this is what he wanted since he first saw Taehyung around campus, wasn't it?
The older squirms again and rubs his clothed member against Jungkook's bare thigh.
Jungkook wraps one of his hands around Taehyung's neck and places the other on the older's waist.
-woah woah woah ,Jungkook's brain screams at the younger, you're not going to choke him, are you???! You don't even know if he's into that shit!-
Jungkook can feel his heart beating in his throats, anxiety getting the better of him.
Deciding to take the risk, he squeezes his fingers around Taehyung's throat, blocking off some of the air-supply.The reaction he gets is almost immediately; Taehyung closes his eyes and moans, circling his hips against Jungkook's thigh again.Jungkook sucks in a breath and lessens the pressure on Taehyung's windpipe for a moment, before squeezing a little harder."Stop. Don't do anything until Daddy says so"He repeats the words he said during the phonecall.
Taehyung gasps and stills his hips immediately."Y-yes Daddy" he chokes out.Jungkook takes his hand away from Taehyung's throat and pecks the corner of the older's mouth."You're such a good boy~" he whispers into Taehyung's ear and trails the hand that isn't on the older's waist down to his crotch.
He cups Taehyung trough his jeans.
The lilac-head moans and closes his eyes, rocking back against Jungkook's hand, urging him to do something.Instead of giving in to Taehyung, Jungkook pulls his hand away and sits up, pushing Taehyung off of his lap."Strip for me Baby Boy"
He whispers in a low tone and watches as Taehyung stands up on unsteady legs.
He wobbles a bit and takes of his shirt, painfully slow.
Jungkook leans forward and flicks one of Taehyung's exposed nipples."Hurry up Baby Boy. Don't tease Daddy"Taehyung gasps and nods. He unties the strings of his sweatpants and slides them down, his already half-hard cock being exposed to the cold air. Taehyung sucks in a breath and locks his eyes onto Jungkook.Said boy swallows loudly at the sight of Taehyung beautifully flushed cock and smirks."Woah, going commando? That's naughty Baby. Do you know what happens to naughty boys?"Jungkook spread his legs a bit and puts his elbows on his knees, resting his head on his hands. He looks Taehyung up and down. The lilac-haired boy blushes bright red from all the attention.
He shakes his head."N-no Daddy." His voice sounds innocent, but judging by the way his cock twitches, he definitely does know what happens to naughty boys like him.Jungkook clacks his tongue in mock annoyance."Bad boys get punished, Baby. But since you were so polite to Daddy, he'll let it go. But only this time, understood?"Taehyung nods timidly."Yes D-Daddy"Jungkook smiles at him.
"Good Boy~" he coos.He grabs Taehyung's wrist softly, careful not to squeeze too hard. (Even though Taehyung wouldn't mind the pain)"Get on your knees Baby"
He demands in a soft voice.Taehyung nods and falls to his knees, the sound of his kneecaps hitting the floor echoes trough the apartment, making him blush more.
Jungkook smirks and leans in to kiss Taehyung.
Taehyung doesn't hesitate to kiss back and opens his mouth when Jungkook bites down on the older's bottom lip.
Jungkook forces his tongue inside Taehyung's mouth and the lilac haired boy moans.
After a few licks inside the older's mouth, Jungkook pulls away, forcing a pathetic whine out of Taehyung's throat.
Jungkook smirks and 'tsk's at him.The younger spreads his legs more and leans against the back of the couch."Let's put that mouth of yours to better use, shall we, Baby?"Taehyung cocks his head to side and stares into Jungkook's eyes with fake innocence.
Jungkook's smirk only grows and he leans forward again.
He whispers into the older's ear."You're going to suck me off, okay Baby? Daddy is going to fuck that pretty mouth of yours, like he promised. Is that okay Baby Boy?"Genuine concern flashes trough Jungkook's eyes as he waits for Taehyung to answer.
But that concern fades quickly as the older doesn't answer.Jungkook grabs a fistful of Taehyung's hair and pulls, hard.
Taehyung gasps loudly at the action and moans lowly."I said," he growls "is that okay?"Taehyung looks at Jungkook with lidded eyes and nods
"Y-yes yes Daddy"Jungkook lets go of the older's hair and kisses the tip of his nose
"Good Boy, Baby~"He leans over to Taehyung's ear and breaks character for a moment "Really, Taehyungie, if you don't like something, you'll have to tell me and I'll stop."Taehyung nods again, showing that he understands.Jungkook pulls away again and smirks wide. He grabs Taehyung's hair again and presses a kiss to the older's open mouth."Make Daddy feel good, Baby Boy"
He whispers against the lilac haired boy's mouth.Said boy nods when Jungkook releases his hair and shuffles forward, until he's seated in between the younger's knees.
Jungkook leans back against the back of the couch, watching Taehyung intensely.
The latter places his hands on the black-haired boy's thighs and squeezes them.
He sucks in a breath and leans in, mouthing at the wet spot on Jungkook's boxers.
Jungkook bites his lip and locks eyes with Taehyung.
The latter sits up a bit straighter and places his hand on the waistline of the younger's boxers. He breaks eye-contact and puts his hand inside Jungkook's boxers. He takes the boy's hard cock out and watches as it curves upwards against the younger's taut stomach.Taehyung licks his lip and leans down, licking the flushed tip. He hears Jungkook let out a small gasp and continues. He places a few more kitten licks on the head before digging his tongue in the slit, tasting the bitter pre-cum.Jungkook growls low and yanks Taehyung's head backs a bit by his hair."Don't tease, Baby"His voice is low and demanding and it makes Taehyung's cock twitch.
The older nods. "Yes Daddy" he says.
Jungkook leans back with a mumble of "Good Boy Baby"Taehyung takes the head of Jungkook's thick cock in his mouth and sucks hard. The moan Jungkook let's out is like music to the older's ears.
He stops playing with the head and sinks down further onto the younger's dick.He goes to wrap his hand around the base, but it gets swatted away by Jungkook."N-no Baby, you're only going to use your mouth." He says.Taehyung places the hand back on Jungkook's thigh and sinks down further, gagging a bit when the tip hits the back of his throat. He hollows out his cheeks and sucks hard, swallowing around Jungkook's length.
Taehyung lives off of the small moans and groans Jungkook lets out and relaxes his throat. He sinks down further onto Jungkook's cock, till his nose is in the neatly trimmed hair at the base.Jungkook groans and tangles his hands in Taehyung's lilac hair."P-put your hands behind your back Baby, Daddy is going to fuck your beautiful mouth."Taehyung does as he's told and puts his hands behind his back. He lets his mouth and throat relax completely.Jungkook tightens his grip on the lilac locks and thrusts up once, moaning at the feeling of Taehyung's throat constricting around his cock when said boy chokes a little. There are tear in Taehyung's eyes already and Jungkook throws his head back.
He thrusts up again, and again in Taehyung's wet mouth.
Jungkook bites his bottom lip to keep himself from letting to much moans out.
Saliva is dripping down Taehyung's chin and Jungkook pulls out, giving Taehyung time to catch his breath."Are- are you okay?" Jungkook's voice is soft and breathless. He may want to wreck Taehyung, but doesn't want to hurt him too much.Taehyung licks his lips and nods "ye-yea-h" his voice his raspy and he looks so fucked out, his pupils blown wide, saliva dropping down his chin and tears slowly rolling down his cheeks.Jungkook smiles and nods back, before grabbing Taehyung's hair again."Open wide Baby Boy" he purrs and pushes the slick head of his cock to Taehyung's lips.Taehyung opens his mouth and relaxes his throat, eager to take Jungkook's dick.
Jungkook groans and pushes his length down the older's throat, not hesitating to start thrusting.
Taehyung moans around Jungkook's cock and chokes a little, more tears spilling down his cheeks.Jungkook groans at the sensation and tightens his grip in the lilac locks. He thrusts up faster. Jungkook can feel his release approaching but keeps himself from coming anytime soon. Just then the door opens and both boys look up at who's standing in the doorway.It's Jimin.It Jimin, and he's not wearing a shirt.He's only wearing boxer briefs, his erection straining against the black fabric. Taehyung looks like he wants to pull off, but instead of letting him, Jungkook tightens his hold on the lilac hair and thrusts up into Taehyung's wet mouth.
Jimin walks over to the pair and sits down next to Taehyung, running his hands trough the boy's fringe.
He leans in and kisses the boy's ear."You're such a slut for your Daddy, huh? Such a filthy slut for his big cock. Aren't you?"Jungkook watches as Taehyung moans and jerks his head back. The youngest releases his grip on Taehyung hair and said boy lets Jungkook's cock fall out of his mouth.
Taehyung tilts his head back and lets out a loud moan."Minnie~~~"
His voice is raspy and breathy and he looks at Jimin.Jimin smirks at the whining boy and tilts his head up to look at Jungkook."I have an idea, and I think Taehyungie will like it."
He turns so that he's on his knees and puts his hands on the couch, leaning up to Jungkook's face.
"How about you fuck his pretty mouth, while I eat out his needy hole?"Jungkook groans and nods.
"I really like that idea, Jimin" he breathes out.Jimin nods and sinks back down on the floor, Jungkook following after him. Taehyung shifts a bit.Said boy has been watching their conversation with lidded eyes, not moving his hands.Jimin presses a few kisses on Taehyung's forehead and smiles at him."Is it okay for me to eat you out, Baby? While Daddy fucks that lovely mouth of yours?"Jungkook finds that he isn't jealous of Jimin being so comfortable around Taehyung and calling him baby too. Actually, he kinda likes it.Taehyung nods "P-please Daddy and Oppa"Jungkook unconsciously holds his breath for a moment. Oppa? Taehyung calls Jimin Oppa? Huh, he's going to ask the older about that someday soon.Jungkook can't even make himself be jealous at that, and to be honest, it's incredibly hot. So he shrugs it off.Jimin murmurs a "Good Boy~"Jungkook breathes normal again and stands up, Taehyung's eyes never leaving his."Get on all fours Baby Boy" he demands and Taehyung does as told. He places his hands on the ground and spreads his legs, arching his back.
The lilac haired boy nuzzles his nose against Jungkook's hipbone.In the meantime, Jimin has moved to sit behind Taehyung, his hands on the boy's spread thighs."God Baby, you're so beautiful like this, all spread out for Oppa." Jimin's voice is low, unlike his usual high pitch.Taehyung moans at the words and juts his ass out more. Jimin chuckles a bit because of the lilac haired boy's excitement.Jungkook strokes Taehyung's hair.
"What do you want Oppa to do Baby? Go ahead, tell him"Taehyung closes his eyes and takes a moment to respond, being very embarrassed.
"I-I- want Oppa to eat me out, please Oppa, please, I'm a Good Boy, please Oppa!"
He grows more desperate with every passing second.Jimin smirks and puts his hands on Taehyung's asscheeks, gripping tight.
Taehyung moans loud and mumbles a weak "Please..."The oldest presses kisses on Taehyung's lower back to make him relax.
"It's okay Baby, Oppa won't let you wait any longer"Jimin spreads Taehyung's cheeks more and licks at his hole experimentally.Taehyung moans loud and shivers. That's when Jungkook decides it's time to shut him up.He grabs his dick in his hand and pushes it to Taehyung's bottom lip.
Taehyung quickly opens his mouth and looks up at Jungkook with lidded eyes.Jungkook pushes his length down the lilac haired boy's throat and said boy gags a little, which sends amazing vibrations up Jungkook's cock.Jungkook tangles his fingers in Taehyung's hair and starts thrusting up hard.The room is filled with lewd sounds as Jimin eats Taehyung out more vigorously and Jungkook thrusts harder.There are tears rolling down Taehyung's cheeks when Jungkook finally comes.
He pulls his dick out till only the tip is still in the older's mouth and releases.Taehyung stays there, with his mouth open, waiting for Jungkook to give him permission to swallow.Jungkook wonders where he learned those manners...
Jimin maybe?
In the end, it doesn't matter because it's fucking hot."Swallow Baby Boy" Jungkook croaks out and Taehyung obeys, swallowing everything.
He opens his mouth after, showing Jungkook his now clean tongue.Jungkook groans softly and leans down to kiss the mole on Taehyung's nose
"Well done Baby Boy"Taehyung looks up at the younger with pleading eyes, his body shaking violently.
"Does our Baby want to come? Ask Oppa if you can come"Taehyung moans loud as Jimin puts one finger alongside his tongue in Taehyung, saliva dripping down the lilac-haired boy's thighs."O-Op-Oppa! Can-can Taehyung come please?"Jimin pulls his tongue out, but keeps his finger in, moving it in and out fast.
He hums teasingly,
"Hmm... do you think you deserved it Baby? Do you deserve to come now Baby Boy? Have you been good for Daddy and Oppa?"In the meantime, Jungkook has slid down to sit on the floor and took Taehyung's cock in his hand, teasing the head.By now, Taehyung is struggling to hold his weigh on his arms and he's moaning loud.
"Yes Oppa! Taehyung has been good for Daddy and Oppa! Please let him come!"There are more tears streaming down his face now and Jungkook finds the sigh beautiful.Jimin locks eyes with Jungkook for a moment before giving in.
"You can come now Baby, you've been good. You've been such a good boy for Daddy and Oppa. So good"Jungkook is stroking Taehyung's shaft quickly now, and it only takes a minute or so for the lilac haired to come.His arms collapse and he falls down, cumming all over Jungkook's hand, letting out moan after moan.Jimin pulls his finger out and Jungkook milks the boy dry. Then, he brings his hand to Taehyung's lips and watches as the older licks the digits clean.Once his hand is clean, Jungkook runs it trough Taehyung's hair, murmuring praises to the boy.Taehyung is on the verge of falling asleep and Jungkook picks the sweaty and fucked-out boy up."I'm taking him to my bed, okay?"
He asks softly and looks at Jimin, who nods back.Once Taehyung is laying in Jungkook's bed, all tucked in, the younger places a kiss on his forehead and walks back to the living room.Jimin is sitting on the couch, fidgeting almost nervously.Jungkook goes to sit next to him and smirks.
He grabs Jimin's chin with his forefinger and thumb and turns it towards him."What about you, Jimin-Oppa?"
He asks, voice teasing and low.Jimin swallows loudly and adverts his eyes
"I'm-I'm fine"
He stutters out.Jungkook smiles, Jimin's sudden turn of attitude is adorable.He releases his hold and places a kiss on Jimin's jaw before whispering in his ear,
"Do you need Daddy to help you?"His voice is low, breathless and gravely and Jimin visibly shudders.He mutters out a small "yes please Daddy" and Jungkook decides to not push any further.He bluntly puts his hand in Jimin's lap and palms the older trough his boxers.
Jimin moans loudly and covers his face in embarrassment.Jungkook feeds off of the moans and puts his hands in Jimin's boxers, wrapping his hand around the older's small dick.Jimin moans at the contact and throws his head back, his cheeks bright red.Jungkook swipes his thumb across the head and digs it into the slit, collecting pre-cum."Woah Hyung, you're so wet"
He groans and Jimin whines in response"Jung-Jungkook, stop teasing, please"Jungkook grinned and started stroking Jimin fast, the older now shamelessly moaning.After a few minutes of Jungkook stroking Jimin and teasing the head, the older croaks out,"Cl-close, so close, let me come please"And Jungkook obeys, it only takes two strokes and a flick of his wrist for Jimin to cum in his underwear.Jungkook takes his hand of Jimin's boxers and licks the older's release of his fingers.Jimin groans at the sight and rubs at his eyes.
"We should clean up"Jungkook shakes his head
"We can do that tomorrow, lets sleep with Taehyung now."And Jimin shrugs and agrees, he takes his boxers off and just leaves them in a pitiful heap on the ground.The boy's walk to Jungkook's bed and slip in, both on either side of Taehyung.This is nice, Jungkook thinks.
He never wants to leave the cozy bed he's sharing with his two favourite Hyung's ever again. --- But when he wakes up the next morning, Taehyung is gone, along with his clothes and Jungkook is left alone in his bed, Jimin already gone for classes



Jungkook and Jimin love their Taehyung
Chapter Summary
Jimin and Jungkook both like Taehyung.Things go way easier than expected.
Chapter Notes
I DUCKING FORGOT THAT I SAID THAT IT WAS SATURDAY IN THE LAST CHAPTER I dug myself a holeAlso, I updated the summary cuz I finally thought of something ㅋㅋAnd, i reread and rewrote this chapter so many times because I wasn't sure what to do with this.I thought it was a bit too soon for them to already understand their feelings,But I'm impatient.Also, there's a lot going on in my life right now, so updates will be late, or maybe once a week but really short.I apologise.(I didn't really have much inspiration for this, but then it hit me all at once and I wrote this instead of reading Shakespeare)



Jungkook grabs a box of cereal and sits down on the couch. Nothing's better than dry cereal.Well.... if he had to choose between yesterday night and cereal, Then okay maybe Taehyung is better than cereal.Speaking of Taehyung....Why did he leave?Did he not like Jungook?Did Jungkook not take care of him well?I mean, of course he could've done better. He could've taken care of the older better instead of just falling asleep with him and Jimin.Jungkook really hopes that he didn't fuck up. He really does like Taehyung. And from everything he's heard from Jimin, Taehyung is just his type.But he really likes Jimin too.It's like middle school, teasing the person you like. Jungkook always teases Jimin.Is it weird to like two boys at the same time?...Jimin seems to like Taehyung. And Taehyung seems to like Jimin too. Maybe they both like him too?Maybe they could make it work?He'd have to muster up the courage to actually ask them anytime soon.He has just shoved a handful of cereal in his mouth when his phone rang, TWICE's TT signalling that Jimin is the caller.Jungkook reaches for his phone and accepts the call."Yeh?"It's barely audible with the food in his mouth."Yah! Don't talk with your mouth full!"Jungkook chuckles at Jimin's upset tone and swallows."Anyway, how's Taehyung doing?"Jimin saysJungkook makes a confused noise."Taehyung? Taehyung isn't here.""Huh? He was still sleeping when I left...."Jimin's voice trails off."He was gone when I woke up"Jungkook sighs. This isn't happening right?"I think- I think we should talk to him-" A pause"-I mean, he never leaves. He hasn't left even once. Fuck- I don't want him to think that we only want him... for sex.... because I don't. Do you?"Jungkook shakes his head, forgetting that Jimin can't see him."No, I don't want to use Taehyung. I don't want that to be a one-time thing. But..."Jungkook cuts himself off. Would it be weird to say that he wants something with Jimin and Taehyung?"But? You can tell me anything Kookie"It's as if Jimin noticed his hesitation."I... I don't want that to be a one-time thing with you either. I like you Hyung. A lot. But I like Taehyung-Hyung a lot too"He can hear Jimin sigh from the other line.Oh no.Did he mess up?Is Jimin going to hate him?Is he-"I like you and Taehyung a lot too, Kookie. Maybe... maybe we can ask him? If he likes us too?"Jungkook sighs in relief."We should ask him. Maybe we can catch him during class and kidnap him? Do it in style"He hears Jimin giggle and Jungkook swears his heart just skipped a beat. The two boys talked a bit more, and then Jungkook had to go to classes.Jungkook curses his Sunday afternoon classes. (It's his own fault that he chose to follow a after-school photography course) They made a 109% foolproof plan to talk to Taehyung.It's just- they had to get Taehyung to talk to them.It seems like the lilac-haired boy is ignoring Jimin and Jungkook.That just made their foolproof plan not so foolproof.---Taehyung is an art major, so Jimin and Jungkook rarely see him during classes.Jimin and Jungkook are both dance majors and share all their classes (except for Sunday. They both take a different course -photography for Jungkook and extra contemporary dance classes for Jimin)It's Monday and Jungkook and Jimin are sitting in a cafe, eating some cake."Okay so, I know Tae's timetable"Jimin says while shovelling a forkful of cake in his mouth.Jungkook can't help the giggle that escapes "stalkerish" he mumbles.Jimin looks at Jungkook with wide, offended eyes and the younger pinches his cheeks.Since when did Jungkook become so weak for Jimin?He doesn't know."Ah, don't worry, I don't think you're a stalker Minnie. And if you were, you'd be the cutest stalker I've ever seen"Jungkook says and takes a bite from his cake.Jimin crosses his arms with a look of mock disgust"Yah! First of all, it's Hyung. And second, you're not here to flirt with me, we're making a plan"Now it's Jungkook's turn to be offended."Wasn't our last plan good enough?""No. Because we never see Taehyung in-between classes. I know that, because I know his timetable."Jungkook crosses his arms with a huff."Okay fine, a new plan"Jimin nods. Gesturing wildly with his hands, in the way only Jimin does."We're just going to kidnap him from his dorm. On Wednesday, he's free at 3. We're free at 2. We'll just go to his dorm, ask his roommate if he'll let us in and then wait till he gets home-""And then he can't escape!"Jungkook adds, maybe a bit too loud.Jimin is quick to sush him "Indeed, we wait for him and then we talk"Jungkook nods, lost in thought"But... but what if he needs time. He isn't ignoring us for no reason"Jimin shakes his head."Taehyung doesn't need time. He's the type of person to talk everything out as soon as possible. He's bad at keeping grudges"Jungkook sighs and looks down.This reminds him of the fact that Jimin and Taehyung are so much closer than he is with the lilac-haired boy.Maybe this is a bad idea.Maybe he has to let Taehyung and Jimin figure things out, and keep himself out of this.He's probably going to be rejected anyway-It's as if Jimin noticed his distress "Hey, Kookie. Don't worry, he likes you a lot. I'm pretty sure this is going to work out."Jungkook looks up, uncertain."Are you sure?"Jimin nods and smiles, you know, that smile where his cheeks bunch up and his eyes disappear and-How hasn't Jungkook noticed that cute little dimple before?Jungkook blushes a bit when he catches himself staring and coughs.He holds his hand out for Jimin to take."Lets do this"Jimin takes his hand and shakes it."Lets do this"---And here they are, Wednesday afternoon, 2:50 pm, in front of Taehyung's dorm room.They haven't seen the lilac-haired boy at all in the last two days.Jungkook takes a deep breath and- Pushes Jimin towards the door.He doesn't like admitting it, but he's really shy and insecure with new situations.(Says Jungkook while those things with Taehyung happened)Jimin looks back at Jungkook with a glare but knocks on the door anyways, such a good Hyung.The door is opened by a blond haired boy who looks at the two curiously."Hello?"Jimin smiles at him "Hey! We're here for Taehyung. Is this his roommate?"The boy nods "yeah that's me, the one and only Jackson. Why're you here? Taehyung isn't in right now"Jimin scratches his neck bashfully-God he's a good actor- "Ah, can we wait inside maybe? We're his friends. I'm Jimin and this-"He gestures to Jungkook "-is Jungkook"A look of recognition crosses Jackson's face "Aha, I've heard a lot about you, come in"Jimin and Jungkook flash Jackson a smile and step inside "Thanks" Jimin says.Jungkook and Jimin sit down on the couch."So," Jackson speaks up"Why are you here? You're not going to kidnap Tae or something, right?"He chuckles.Jimin giggles and Jungkook chuckles awkwardly.He's still a bit uncomfortable in this new setting."Nah, we just need to talk to him"Jimin says. Jackson goes to sit down next to Jimin."Ah, just wondering, couldn't you just text him?"Jimin shakes his head with a small smile."That's rude. I mean, it's a touchy subject I guess. And we'd rather talk to him in person."Jackson nods and drops the subject."So, what are your majors?"He looks at Jungkook, trying to get him to join the conversation."Jimin-Hyung and I are both dance majors" Jungkook says uncertainty.Jackson nods and smiles "that's so awesome! I'm a music composition major."Jungkook looks at Jimin to watch his reaction, Yoongi Hyung is a music composition major too.Jimin just nods "a friend of mine is a music composition major too."Jackson raises his eyebrows "what's his name? I might know him.""Min Yoongi" Jimin says.Jacksons eyes widen."Seriously?""Yeah"Jackson leans forward and stage-whispers "there's a rumour going on that he's being haunted"Jungkook laughs at that"Ghosts don't exists"Jackson looks at him in shock "They do!"Jungkook shakes his head "And even if they did, they'd be more afraid of Yoongi-Hyung than he is of them"Jackson shrugs "that's true tho. Have you seen his glare?"Jungkook opens his mouth to say something but then the front-door opens. "I'm back!"Taehyung's voice sounds loud in the dorm room "Woof!" He says."Woof! Welcome back Taehyungie"Jackson repliesJimin and Jungkook looks at each other and shrug. 'Don't question it' Jimin mouths.Jackson looks back at Jimin and Jungkook "I'm going now, good luck!"After Jackson stands up and leaves, Taehyung walks into the room, humming a song loudly.He stops humming when his eyes land on Jungkook and Jimin."Wha-what are you guys doing here?"He asks.Jimin stands up from the couch and walks towards Taehyung."We wanted to talk to you""O-okay..."---They're sitting on the couch, Taehyung in between Jungkook and Jimin."So, what is it you wanted to talk about?" It's Taehyung who speaks up first."Well..." Jimin says."It's about Saturday night"Taehyung visibly tenses."What, what about Saturday?"Jungkook gets a random boost of confidence and puts his hand on Taehyung's head, playing with his hair and scratching his scalp lightly.It makes Taehyung relax."We just wanted to know why you left" Jimin says. His voice is soft and comforting.Taehyung nods and takes a breath."I guess.. I guess I was scared."Jimin presses a kiss to Taehyung's temple "why were you scared?" He asks."I was drunk. I did... things.. with you guys while I was drunk I was afraid that you would regret it.""But did you regret it?"Jungkook asks.It's an important question. If Taehyung regrets it, they won't pressure him into having anything with them.But Taehyung shakes his head "no, I don't regret it. I quite liked it if I'm honest" He chuckles.Jungkook's heart skips a beat."We don't regret it either, right Jungkook?" Jimin looks at Jungkook."I don't regret it" Jungkook answers.Jimin nods happily.Taehyung looks relieved.Jungkook removes his hand from Taehyung's hair and put its on his thigh, squeezing it in a comforting manner."It's that the real reason you're here? To ask me why I left?"Taehyung asksJimin shakes his head."We uh.. we wanted to ask you something else."Taehyung nods, urging Jimin to continue."Well uh... Jungkookie and I both like you, Taehyung. A lot"Jungkook nods "yeah, we like you. More than as friends."Taehyung looks surprised.Jimin speaks up before Taehyung can, "do you like us too?" He asks, his voice small.Taehyung grabs both boys' hands and squeezes them. "I do, I like you both."He didn't even hesitate.Jungkook lets out a happy sigh.That went way easier than he expected.He expected Taehyung to be surprised, hesitant or maybe even disgusted."But,"Taehyung says."Jungkookie, Jiminie-Hyung, do you like each other too?"Both Jimin and Jungkook say 'yes' at the same time.Taehyung giggles and lets go of their hands."Well,"He claps his hands "Kookie, Minnie, do you want to go on a date with me and each other?"Jungkook blinks.That... went way easier than expected.They didn't even need to propose the idea.Huh,"Wait, Tae, are you sure about this?"Jimin says.Of course Jimin asks that. Sweet, sweet Jimin, always caring about others.Taehyung nods "Yeah, I've been in polyamorous relationships before. And if you two are sure about this. 100% sure, then I'm sure it'll work out."Jimin nods.Jungkook looks at Taehyung with wide eyes.Woah... that was.... unexpected.Taehyung looks at Jungkook."Eh? Why are you looking at me like that?"Jungkook shakes his head with a small, embarrassed smile."I'm just surprised that you don't think we're weird or something"Taehyung giggles "Seriously? It's me you're talking to. Kim Taehyung. Kim Taehyung who likes to cross dress occasionally and believes in magic. You really didn't need to worry, Kookie"Jungkook smiles wide at that, relieved."Now, lets go on that date!"Taehyung smiles his wide, boxy smile.



NOT A CHAPTER



Ah, this isn't an update.im sorry, but I don't think I'll be updating in a while.my father is currently in the hospital and there's a lot of stress in my life, (I won't tell any details)i will come back to this story, I promise! But for now, it has to wait a little till I can be alone and okay.thank you to everyone who has read this story, and i promise that I'll update when I can! (sneak peak: the next chapter will be VMinKook's first date. TaeTae will talk about some inappropriate stuff while they're in the cafe and Kook's going to be extremely shy~)((and for anyone reading the Yoonseok fic, I won't be updating that one either))



Date, act one
Chapter Notes
Hi....So yeah,My life has been a big mess, involving sleepless nights, hospital visits and something to do with my mother.I apologise for not updating, but I just felt like angst comes easier to me nowadays.So yeah, maybe read 'I'll Be Kind And I'll Be Sweet (If You Stop Staring Straight Trough Me)' to read my incredible angst.I also apologised for the length of this chapter, but I was kinda inspiration drained for dialogue.I do have something planned for next chapters, but you could always leave suggestions!Note: my life is still a mess, so no regular updates.Note note: it's almost 12am and I can't sleep (again) so if there's any mistakes, please tell me, i didn't read this chapter trough.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The café is nice; The air is warm,The decor is nice And the music is calming.Jungkook just managed to slow his raging heart down to a normal pace when Taehyung shows up.The cute little bell above the door rings when Taehyung pushes the door open.Both Jimin's and Jungkook's -who are sitting next to each other- heads snap up, looking at Taehyung.Both boys lose their breath as they take in Taehyung's appearance.The lilac-haired boy is wearing a relatively short black, slightly plaided, skirt.The skirt is high-waisted and showcases Taehyung's small waist.The sight makes Jungkook's mouth turn dry.Taehyung's paired the skirt with a lightweight, oversized, white sweater.And to top off his outfit, he's wearing black high-top converse shoes.Jimin and Jungkook seem to be in some sort of trance while Taehyung walks to their table.They only snap out of it when Taehyung waves his hands as he sits down across from the two boys."Jungkook? Jimin?.... are you okay?"Jungkook blinks and shakes his head.He musters a small smile and nods."I'm fine"Then, he adds,"You look amazing, by the way."Taehyung ducks his head and smiles at the compliment."Thank you Kookie"He mumbles.Jungkook finds himself blushing at the nickname.Jimin decides to interrupt their moment and speaks up."What would you like to order? I'll go get it for you."He addresses both Jungkook aswell as Taehyung.Taehyung speaks up first."Hot cocoa for me please!"And smiles his wide, boxy smile.Jungkook looks up from where he's staring at Tae to look at Jimin."Just a regular black coffee"He says.Jimin smiles and stands up."Okay, I'll got get the orders!"He walks towards the counter.Now there's only Jungkook and Taehyung left,The former very busy with staring at the latter.They wait in an sort-of-but-not-really-awkward silence I'll Jimin returns with their drinks and a drink of his own. 



Chapter End Notes
If you actually read he chapter,I wanna thank you so much!It really means a lot to me when people read my stories!


Date pt.2
Chapter Notes
SOits been almost a monthYayI apologise Also, I'm not proud of this chapter, but at least it's something Enjoy!OhWOULD YOU LOOK AT THATone more chapter to go!(i have no clue what to write in it please send suggestions)((also, i have starte writing some vminkook smut so that'll be uploaded somehwere between now and six months xDD))(((andddd, I've started the beginning of a Taekook au where Taehyung's an alien and crash-landed on earth, so subcribe if you wanna read it!)))((((okay last one, I've been working on my own BTS game! I"ll put the link when it's done~))))

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Jimin returns with the drinks and hands them to the two remaining boys.
Taehyung gets a hot chocolate with whipped cream and an Americano for Jungkook.Jungkook watches as Taehyung takes a big gulp of his drink, and then promptly starts coughing.Before Jungkook could even ask if Taehyung's alright, said boy had grabbed Jimin's iced tea and drinks half of the glass."Holy fuck I think I burned my tongue off"
Taehyung says breathless.Jimin looks at his drink, pouting.And Jungkook snorts."This isn't funny Kookie! I could've actually hurt my tongue!"Jungkook puts on his best apologetic Bunny eyes.
"I'm sowwy Tae-hyung, but Jiminie's face is just so funny!"
He tries to talk cutely, even though he's sure it's not working.Well, it seems to work as Taehyung coos at him.
(While Jimin yells out an offended 'Its Jiminie-Hyung, you brat!')  ---  They've been sitting in the cafe for an hour already, talking about everything and nothing when Taehyung's eyes get a suspicious glint in them."Uh-oh" Jimin says under his breath."Hey Jungkookie, Jiminie-Hyung, I was thinking-""That's never a good idea"
Jungkook says with a smirk.("Jungkook!" Jimin shouts)Taehyung shoots Jungkook a faux-glare.
"Anyways, as I was saying, I was thinking, since we're all officially dating. We should set up some rules"Jungkook and Jimin look at the lilac-haired boy with suspicion.
"Rules?"
Jungkook says."For one, I'm not into sploshing-"What the fuck is sploshing?? Jungkook has no idea.
He doesn't really wants to ask either."-not into formicophilia, macrophilia nor am I into dendrophilia or watersports."Watersports?
Oh.Ohhh.So that's what we're talking about.Kinks.It takes a moment for Jungkook to realise they're actually talking about kinks, in a cafe.When he does realise, he can feel his ears turn red."Taehyung!"
Jimin whisper-screams and hits the lilac-haired boy on his head.Taehyung starts laughing loudly,
The kind of full-body, teary-eyed kind of laugh."You can't talk about stuff like that in a cafe!"
Jimin hits Taehyung again.Jungkook looks over at Jimin, who's face is a cute colour of red and coos."You're all red, Jiminie-hyung! So cute~"Jimin seems to get even redder and hits Jungkook on the arm."Look at yourself! Your ears are all red too!"Taehyung laughs louder and throws his head back.And Jimin and Jungkook fall a little bit more in love.  ---  After the date, they made a groupchat.As soon as Jungkook's home, he opens his phone to message Jimin and Taehyung.
[GroupChat: 50 Shades Of TaeMinKook]Daddy<3: but lyk
Daddy<3: can we change the name?BabyBoy: Butt y?
BabyBoy: I Lyk itDaddy<3: It triggrs me
Daddy<3: 50 Shades is shit
Daddy<3: u should kno datBabyBoy: I kno
BabyBoy: butt it funOppa~: y r u mking a fuss out f dis?Daddy<3: cuz 50 Shades is terribleBabyBoy: butt Kookie! It fun~Daddy<3: I don wanna keep itBabyBoy: I'll give u a bj if we keep itDaddy<3: ....
Daddy<3: okay denOppa~: ay
Oppa~: wht bout me?BabyBoy: u can watch Chimmy~Oppa~: ....
Oppa~: 'm nt cmplainingDaddy<3: okay other topic
Daddy<3: I liked the dateOppa~: yeh me 2Daddy<3: minus the kink talkBabyBoy: butt it was fun!
BabyBoy: u were bot so redOppa~: let not talk bout dat nowDaddy<3: anyway nother date on Saturday?BabyBoy: yes!Oppa~: same cafe?Daddy<3: sureBabyBoy: I'm looking forward to it~Oppa~: me 2Daddy<3: same
Daddy<3: now if u'll excuse me imma play Overwatch with YugyeomBabyBoy: Byebye Jungkookie~Oppa~: u'll get square eyes if u keep gaming like dat Jungkook turns off his phone and turns on his laptop to open Skype.  --- 
True to his words, Jungkook has spend the whole afternoon playing Overwatch.It's 11pm and for once, Jungkook is going to be a responsible adult and go to sleep early.He stands up from his desk chair and stretches.
He grabs his phone from his bed and turns it on.
[30 new messages from GroupChat: 50 Shades Of TaeMinKook]
Jungkook sighs and chuckles, he'll read them later.He tosses his phone back onto his bed and changes into his pyjamas (a white t-shirt and boxers)After he's brushed his teeth he walks back this room.He sits on the bed and grabs his phone.After thinking for a moment, he decides to write a really cheesy message.(It's song lyrics, but it's not like Taehyung and Jimin will know)
[GroupChat: 50 Shades Of TaeMinKook]
Daddy<3: The world is ugly, but you're beautiful to me, HyungsOppa~: o(╥﹏╥)o y u so qt that so sweetBabyBoy: I KNEW ITDaddy<3: wtahOppa~: whtBabyBoy: I KNEE U EMO BOI KOOKDaddy<3: pffft were'd u get dat idea?Oppa~: Emo? Wat dat?BabyBoy: *TRIGGERED*Daddy<3: *triggered*Oppa~: I??? Don??? Undestan??BabyBoy: u wil fin out 1 day my chilOppa~: ...
Jungkook turns off his phone and goes to lay down.
He doesn't want to admit that he's an Emo teenager still.After 10 minutes of just laying there in the dark, Jungkook picks up his phone again and starts typing. 
[GroupChat: 50 Shades Of TaeMinKook]
Daddy<3: ok I admit dat I might be a bit EmoBabyBoy: YASOppa~: I still don undestan...



Chapter End Notes
Editing this was a butchWhy did I decide to add the texting part?W h yI ahd to fukcing edit it againmy wifi sucks(also, i write everything on my ipod so i had to edit this on my laptopthe things i do for u guys ^^;)


New opportunities
Chapter Notes
Holy moly it's been a while.I originally wanted to make this chapter longer, but I'm going to a funeral tomorrow and I wanted to post this before then, as I will be unable to write in the next couple of days. Also, this is the last chapter! But it's a door opening up to more ^^(I'm also writing a smutty sequel sooo)((And I'm starting a new fic! It's about Alien Tae landing on planet earth))(((Also, I finally have an instagram, it's @cooper_and_tara please check it out cuz who doesn't like daily photos of my dogs?)))((((And if you have any requests for this au, feel free to leave a comment!))))

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Hey Kook?"
Jimin calls from the kitchen area."Yeah?"
Jungkook replies from his place on the couch.They had their second date with Taehyung yesterday.
It was a lot of fun, but also really exhausting because they went to a theme park and Tae kept running away from Jimin and Jungkook.Now Jungkook's working on a paper and Jimin is making ramen in the kitchen.(More like, Jungkook's trying not to look at Jimin's ass while Jimin is unconsciously wiggling his hips to a song that's stuck in his head)"Can we talk for a bit?"
Jimin turns around to face Jungkook.Jungkook immediately snaps his eyes up to Jimin's face and nods, trying to ignore the feeling of his ears turning red.
"Sure Minnie-hyung"The older walks towards Jungkook and sits on the couch next to him."I've been thinking..."
He starts.
"...about- about the future"Jungkook turns his body towards Jimin and tilts his head.
"The future?"Jimin nods, looking down.
"I've been thinking, about what job I want when I finish school. But every time I think about it, I come up with nothing. I'm majoring in dance, and the options are limited. I can be a teacher, or perform in a group, or maybe be a choreographer."He sighs"But I feel like I don't want any of that. I want a job with more freedom, a job where I can do what I want."Jungkook opens his mouth to say something, but comes up with nothing."What do you want, Kookie? What do you see when you think about your future?"This, Jungkook can answer.
"I see myself as a teacher, inspiring kids to pursuit their dreams, their dreams in dance. I see myself with you and Taehyung, being happy and owning two dogs."Jimin looks up to Jungkook and he can see tears in the older's eyes.Instantly, Jungkook pulls Jimin into a hug.
"Oh no, please don't cry, Baby, why are you crying?"Jimin sniffs once
"You're-you're- do you really see a future with me and- and Tae?"Jungkook can feel tears soaking his shirt and pets Jimin's hair.
"Of course I do, Sweetheart, you and Tae are my everything. I love you so much."
This is the first time Jungkook's said the L word, and even though it's soon, he's sure of his feelings. 100% sure.Jimin only cries harder.
"Do you-do you really? D-do you really l-love me?"
His voice trembles.Jungkook nods and tangles his fingers in Jimin's hair.
"Of course I do, Jiminie"---And now, ten minutes after Jungkook texted Taehyung to come quickly and explained the whole situation, they're all cuddled up on the old couch. Both Taehyung and Jimin are laying on Jungkook, who has two arms protectively holding the two boys."Hey Minnie?" Taehyung calls out softly."Yeah Tae?" Jimin answers, just as soft."How about you try YouTube?" Taehyung says and lifts his head off Jungkook's chest."YouTube? What do you mean?""You could make videos on YouTube. Dance practices, smoothie tutorials, fitness routines, vlogs, drawing videos, you name it. Maybe you'll become famous!" The excitement is clearly hearable in Taehyung's voice as he smiles at the oldest.Jimin sighs "I... don't know...""I think it sounds like a great idea, you should try it, Hyung" Jungkook joins in on the conversation."Are you sure...?" The elder sounds hesitant."209% sure" Taehyung answers."Okay then, I'll try"
Jimin smiles and kisses Taehyung on the lips.
Then Jungkook starts whining and Jimin laughs as he kisses him too.
Of course, Taehyung turns jealous and they end the day with a big kissing-pile.



Chapter End Notes
Haha I sound so happy in that first author's note while I'm literally crying rn I hope you enjoyed this train wreck of an unrealistic story, and please leave a comment, even if it's just a 'tHiS suckS' xDThank you all so much for reading this mess!And I really really want to thank everyone for supporting me.I also want to thank my best friend Nika for keeping me from angsting up this au xD



Afterword


End Notes
Thank you for reading!Comments and kudos are appreciated~(Really u have no idea how happy it makes me when I see that (1) smiling at me from my dashboard every time I get a comment)Also~If you have something in mind that you'd like to happen in this story, tell me! I might just add it in there~


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



