



tasukete - KokiCheckers - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

たすけて.
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5287958.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Taehyung | V/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga
Additional Tags:
taegi - Freeform, In which Yoongi is a nice guy, Taehyung is a shy and insecure potato, Jimin is an annoyance at six a.m., And Taegi is just cute and fluffy because I like cute and fluffy, I'm in the taegi dumpster please excuse me, Friendship/Love
Stats:

        Published: 2015-11-26
        Words: 5085
      

たすけて.
by KokiCheckers
Summary
Taehyung is homeless. Yoongi decides to keep him some company.
Notes
I've been working on this for awhile and I just??This idea kinda popped into my head after the I NEED U M/V at the end-This is probably crappy but I really just have way too much Taegi feels.

          See the end of the work for more notes




たすけて.

Yoongi has a weird tendency to walk around abandoned places mostly just for the hell of it. Yeah, it can be pretty dangerous sometimes since there could be a gang of morons around but so far, he hasn't met a single gang and honestly doesn't think he ever will. He usually just finds a good amount of trash talk graffiti on the walls and a bunch of shit tossed everywhere.No big deal.His friends tell him to stop doing it because they worried that Yoongi would get himself hurt or in a tight situation but he never listened. He always made sure that he was careful and aware of his surroundings.Yoongi sighs as he walks around the deserted building. Windows were broken, graffiti took up most of the walls, there were metal pipes and other shit on the ground. He saw some beat up furniture as well but decided not to go near it. He usually stayed a good amount of feet away from the building just in case.He wasn't sure how old the building was and didn't want something to mystically collapse and hit him. Yoongi liked to play it safe sometimes. The building also happened to be near a beach, that was also deserted for some odd reason, so he could go chill there for awhile if he got bored of the building since he really had nothing do to.Yoongi's life wasn't very eventful. He liked to write stories, lyrics, anything you could practically think of. He would sometimes come to abandoned places like this to grab ideas from his surroundings. Most of the time he came because he was bored, sure, but sometimes he really needed ideas.Yoongi decides to go inspect the building more since walking around it was pretty damn boring. He really doubted that something would collapse so he just thought 'fuck it' before moving closer. The place was at least over one hundred years old and if it wasn't, then it definitely looked as if it was.For the first twenty minutes or so, all Yoongi found was a load of crap piled up in various spots. There wasn't anything interesting going on in this place at all but he decided to just keep looking. He was bound to find something sooner or later, no?Yoongi wasn't a very lucky person, especially since it randomly started raining which made him flee to where the building had protection from the rain. Now, Yoongi has found some bizare things while going to abandoned places but he never really thought he would find a person. The said person was curled up into a ball with a light, beaten up blanket on him. Yoongi didn't know if he was asleep or not.So he decided to go check.He tried to be silent with his movements, since he didn't want to startle the kid, and made his way over to him. He was fast asleep but Yoongi easily noticed that he was shaking a bit from the cold. Yoongi could admit it was fairly chilly but the kid had almost nothing and that made Yoongi feel slightly bad for him. He let out a small sigh and took his own jacket off so that he could place it on the male who he presumed was younger than himself.Yoongi sat with his back against the wall and watched as the rain fell. His phone didn't say anything about rain so that completely threw his schedule off. He turned his attention to the male, somehow, sleeping next to him and frowned a bit. He figured he was homeless since really, why else would he be sleeping out here?When thunder appeared out of nowhere, Yoongi almost pissed himself. He definitely wasn't prepared for that and apparently, neither was the kid beside him. Yoongi watched as the boy sat up quickly and started to look at his jacket like it was the most interesting thing in the world, and hey, maybe it was the most interesting thing to him. It took him a few seconds to notice that Yoongi was sitting there, staring at him."W-Who are you?" Yoongi watched as the kid tried to hide behind his jacket, which he found slightly cute, and sighed at how scared he looked."Min Yoongi, A.K.A the owner of that jacket," he replied, watching as the younger male inspected his jacket once more before looking back up at him. "What? You looked like you needed it more than I did." Yoongi didn't bother asking for his name because if the kid wanted to tell him, he would. He kept watching as the male stared at the jacket before shyly trying to give it back to Yoongi. "Don't give that back to me, I gave it to you for a reason, kid.""My name isn't kid, it's Taehyung," he looked down at the jacket once more. "Are you sure you don't want this back? It's a nice jacket." Yoongi swore he heard Taehyung mumble something about how expensive the jacket looked but he pushed that aside."Go ahead, you need it more than I do and I have other jackets I can use." Before Taehyung could reply, the sound of thunder and lightning decided to make an appearance which made him whimper and slightly cower under his blanket. Yoongi figured he was afraid of thunder and lightning which kind of sucked since they have had a good amount of storms in the past week or two. "Hey, you don't have to be scared. Nothing is going to hurt you, you know."Taehyung didn't reply to Yoongi's failed attempt to soothe him. Yoongi sighed because he knew he sucked at comforting people. He tried comforting his friend, Hoseok, when his pet died and he ended up making it worse. Yeah, he put in some kind of effort to comfort people but people were just too difficult to deal with sometimes. "Hey, if you're that scared, come here and I'll protect you. I'm not going to bite you, I promise." Yoongi felt as if he was dealing with a child.After the thunder made a third appearance, Taehyung didn't hesitate in moving closer to Yoongi. He didn't really want to move closer to him since he was a complete stranger but at this point, he didn't care. Taehyung let Yoongi wrap one of his arm's around him, eventually pulling him onto his lap, and Taehyung ended up shyly moving his face to the crook of Yoongi's neck while trying to drown out the sounds of the thunder and lightning.Yoongi also knew he sucked at trying to break the ice in any conversation. "You're scared of thunder and lightning, aren't you?" It was a stupid question to ask, and he knew it was, but he tried to get some kind of conversation going. It was awkward enough that a kid he didn't know was practically cowering in his arms.Taehyung could only nod against Yoongi's neck. Yoongi let his hand move to Taehyung's head and ran his fingers through the younger male's hair while gently massaging his scalp as a second attempt to soothe him. Taehyung seemed to give positive feedback about it so he figured he would just keep doing it until he seemed calmed down enough.Yoongi hated to pry into other people's lives but this time he couldn't help himself. "How old are you?"Moving his face away from Yoongi's neck, Taehyung looked down at his lap and chewed on his lower lip. "I'm 19.""You're only 19? What the hell are you doing out here by yourself?" Yoongi noticed the change of emotion in Taehyung's face and realized that he should probably stop trying to ask him questions. "You don't have to answer that if you don't want to."Taehyung looked at Yoongi before turning his attention to the rain that seemed to continue on with no end. "I was kicked out by my parents so I kind of just stay here by myself. No one usually comes here and if they do, they don't come near me.""Why would your parents kick you out?" Yoongi mentally kicked himself for asking more questions."Because I didn't want to do what they wanted me to," Taehyung replied, still watching the rain. "I wanted to be a singer or an artist but they wanted me to be a doctor."Yoongi sighed in annoyance and looked at the homeless kid who was still sitting in his lap. "You're telling me you got kicked out for wanting to follow your own dream?" Taehyung could only nod with a sad look plastered onto his face. "That's really fucking stupid."Taehyung could only shrug and look back at Yoongi, trying to fake a small smile. "Well, the good news is that it should probably stop raining soon. Then you don't have to stay here and be burdened by me.""You're not being a burden. I could have left when I saw you, or when the rain started, but I didn't do that. I decided to stay on my own will so don't go saying you're a burden when you're really not." Yoongi could only sigh again and move some of the hair out of Taehyung's face. "When's the last time you slept in a bed or ate a proper meal?" He didn't mean to sound overprotective but he couldn't help it.Taehyung shyly looked away from Yoongi, shrugging a bit. "I-I don't really know. I mean I don't really eat proper meals anymore and well, the ground is my bed if that counts."Yoongi went to grab his phone out of his pants pocket, slightly moving Taehyung so that he could get it, and went to check the time. It was getting pretty late and Yoongi had to be home soon but he really didn't have the heart to leave Taehyung here by himself. He felt as if he had become his responsibility. "I'm not letting you stay here by yourself where you could possibly die from not eating properly. You're coming home with me, Taehyung."Taehyung stared at Yoongi in complete shock, barely believing what he had heard. "What?""I said you're coming home with me. Look, Taehyung you will die out here eventually. You're too young to be living like this and I'm going to help you. You need to gain some weight because you really don't feel heavy at all and you need to sleep in a bed." Taehyung felt tears roll down his cheek which shocked Yoongi. "Hey, don't cry.""I'm sorry, it's just-" Taehyung let himself take a deep breath before wiping his tears and looking back at Yoongi. "No one's ever been this nice to me before."Yoongi could only smile a bit as he made Taehyung get off of his lap. "Put my jacket on, it's getting late and I really don't think the rain is going to stop for another hour or so. Hell, maybe it won't stop until tomorrow." Taehyung obediently nodded as he slipped Yoongi's comfortable jacket on and went to grab his small backpack full of God-knows-what.Taehyung wrapped his arms around Yoongi's arm, staying close to Yoongi since he didn't want Yoongi to vanish. He almost didn't believe that Yoongi was real since most people would just think about how they feel bad for a homeless kid and not even try to help them. He didn't mind being outside in the rain but Yoongi, on the other hand, didn't like it very much."Damn rain always coming out of nowhere," Yoongi grumbled, mostly to himself, but Taehyung smiled regardless.Taehyung didn't say much since he was too busy taking in the surroundings. Yoongi was obviously bringing them to his home and Taehyung was excited to jump sleep in a real bed again. He wasn't sure of how long it took them to get there but when Yoongi opened the front door of his house and lightly shoved Taehyung in, Taehyung couldn't help but look around.Yoongi closed and locked the front door, watching Taehyung in slight amusement. What he wasn't expecting was for Taehyung to almost tackle him to the floor when he wasn't looking. "Christ, calm yourself." Taehyung replied with a tight hug that almost squeezed the living daylights out of Yoongi. "Kid, you need to shower.""Hug me back first and I'll go shower." Taehyung replied in a stubborn-like tone which made Yoongi grumble and almost regret his decision (though seeing Taehyung this happy was definitely worth it).Yoongi hugged Taehyung back (because really, the kid neeeded to shower and Yoongi wasn't going to argue with him) and whispered a quiet "Now go shower," in his ear before letting go. "I'll leave a pair of clothes on the sink counter so don't lock the door."Taehyung nodded and ventured upstairs excitedly to go find the bathroom while Yoongi lazily walked upstairs into his room to change his clothes and find Taehyung clothes. He noticed that Taehyung, despite being younger, was a bit taller than him so he grabbed an outfit that was a bit baggy on him. He quietly opened the door to place the clothes on the counter and almost snorted at Taehyung's singing.Despite feeling bad for Taehyung, he felt like he let Taehyung stay with him to feel less alone. His friends suggested getting a pet of some sort but Yoongi shoved that thought aside because he was too lazy and busy to take care of a flea-bag. Taehyung was technically an adult and could stay home alone without wrecking anything.Hopefully, at least.Yoongi wasn't always into the idea of living with someone else but he couldn't leave the kid there. His mind would always go back to Taehyung if he had left him there and he would think of the possibilities of him dying and it being Yoongi's fault since he could have helped him live.And Yoongi's friends said he wasn't a good person.Taehyung came downstairs after his shower and spotted Yoongi sitting on the couch, reading something on his phone. He jumped onto the couch which startled Yoongi, resulting in him dropping his phone. "Are you trying to give me a heart attack?"Frowning, Taehyung nuzzled Yoongi's cheek with his nose, shaking his head afterwards. "No."Yoongi reached out to playfully push Taehyung's head further away from his. "Well, you're going to end up giving me one." Taehyung mumbled a 'sorry' and Yoongi gently pat his cheek. "Don't say sorry. Do you want something to eat? I'm sure you're hungry." Nodding shyly, Taehyung watched as Yoongi stood up and grabbed his wrist so that he could haul him to the kitchen. "I can't cook for shit but there's microwavable shit in the cabinet for you that I can make.""I'm fine with anything, I mean," Taehyung looked down at the floor, rubbing the back of his neck. "you've already done so much for me.""I haven't done that much." Yoongi replies, grabbing microwavable rice to put in the microwave (he needed to have Jin over so the guy could cook for him and Taehyung).Taehyung looked at Yoongi with a fairly unreadable look. "You let me, a homeless kid, into your house and are currently letting me stay with you. How is that not doing much?"Yoongi shrugged while pressing the numbers on the microwave, turning to face Taehyung. "What was I supposed to do? Leave you out there to die?""Well most people would, yeah." Taehyung replies casually while moving to sit down on one of the stools, watching as the numbers counted down to zero."I guess I'm not like most people," he says while removing the rice from the microwave. "Besides, having you as a companion is better than having an animal pest and maybe my friends will stop bugging me about being such a loner."Taehyung watched as Yoongi took the rice out of the microwave, excited to have real food and not the small snacks he got to pick on once every few days. "Pets are nice, I used to have a cat. She was my favorite but she isn't really mine anymore." He frowns at the memory of his feline but pushes it aside when Yoongi places the rice in front of him.Yoongi leans against the counter, watching Taehyung eat in amusement. "I have the guest room that you can take over, if you'd like. And slow down before you choke. I failed CPR in school so don't expect me to save you."Taehyung stopped to chew his food before shyly looking at Yoongi. "Can I sleep with you instead? I don't want to be alone." He says the last part rather quietly but Yoongi still hears him.Yoongi's never liked his personal space to be invaded but somehow Taehyung makes him feel guilty all the time. Like if he left him there or if he just says no to him. He looks like a scared puppy which makes Yoongi want to protect him. "Yeah sure but you stay on your side of the bed or you sleep on my floor." He replies in a joking tone since he really wouldn't let Taehyung sleep on the floor.Taehyung smiles brightly and promises to stay on his side (though Taehyung doesn't keep that promise in the end since he is currently hugging Yoongi in his sleep). "I didn't sign up to be the little spoon in this shit," he grumbles mostly to himself since Taehyung was dead asleep but nonetheless lets the kid continue to hug him. Yoongi figured that Taehyung hasn't been around people in awhile and just wants to be reassured that Yoongi was still there. Yoongi got over the fact that he was the little spoon eventually and decided to sleep since it was already reaching two in the morning. Before Yoongi could actually sleep, Taehyung ended up waking up and started sobbing which really shocked Yoongi. "Taehyung?"Taehyung quickly wiped his eyes after sitting up and apologized several times for waking Yoongi up. Yoongi was speechless as Taehyung said things that put him down mostly and Yoongi ended up placing his hand onto Taehyung's mouth. "First of all, you didn't wake me up, I was already up. Two, you're not a waste of space so hush up. And three, well there is no three but just shush."Taehyung frowned and apologized again while looking anywhere but at Yoongi. "I had a nightmare." Taehyung quietly says while staring at his lap.Yoongi comes to the conclusion that he really sucks at talking to people and comforting them. "Want to talk about it? Might help you calm down a bit." Which was probably a lie since talking about it would make him remember it but Yoongi's brain was wired incorrectly at this ungodly hour."You were gone." And Yoongi definitely doesn't know what to say. "Everything was gone and I was all alone." Taehyung says while burying his face into Yoongi's chest.Yoongi rubbed Taehyung's back and moved to whisper in his ear. "I'm not going anywhere, Taehyung. And stop putting yourself down, it's not good." When Taehyung looked at him with a tear-stained face, Yoongi stroked Taehyung's hair. "Go back to sleep, I'll be right here when you wake up."Taehyung sniffed and scooted to lay back down, looking up at Yoongi. "You promise?"Yoongi squished Taehyung's cheek before nodding. "I promise. Now sleep."It took at least thirty minutes for Taehyung to actually knock out again and Yoongi was exhausted. He definitely can't wait to get the mouth-full from his friends about actually bringing in a homeless kid.Especially since not many people actually would bring a homeless kid into their house. Yoongi knows he isn't the nicest guy around but the guilt would eventually have eaten him up, especially since it keeps storming outside. Finally, he decides to go to sleep because shit, it's been a long day. Yoongi will figure everything out tomorrow.Besides, seeing Taehyung fast asleep next to him makes it kind of worth it.

When Yoongi wakes up, Taehyung is still fast asleep. He figures that Taehyung hasn't slept in a real bed in weeks most likely and just needs to catch up on sleep. Yoongi knows he wouldn't be able to sleep on a floor. Ever. So, he quietly sneaks out and goes down to the kitchen, after using the bathroom and brushing his teeth, to cook Taehyung and himself breakfast. (Yoongi's lucky enough that he can cook decent eggs but really, that's all he can cook).He's positive that Taehyung won't care what he gives him to eat but Yoongi would never give him anything disgusting (he isn't that mean).When Taehyung wakes up, he panics when he doesn't see Yoongi. He finds himself quickly, yet quietly, moving to go downstairs so he can find Yoongi.Yoongi's about to go upstairs to wake Taehyung up when he bumps into Taehyung, who immediately hugs him like his life depended on him, and he's speechless. He figures that Taehyung is just very touchy in the morning or something but when he sniffs and says "You didn't leave me." Yoongi's heart kind of shatters.He finds himself caressing Taehyung's cheek, and wow when did he get touchy, to soothe him and whispers "I told you I wouldn't leave." And he feels Taehyung relax a bit. After that small episode, Yoongi tells Taehyung to eat his food and that he'll be back in a few since he needs to shower.Taehyung seems uneasy but of course, he nods and doesn't mouth a word. Yoongi figures that Taehyung isn't used to kindness and is just scared that Yoongi will leave and throw him back onto the streets. Yoongi gets it.When Yoongi comes back from a shower, he finds Taehyung in the living room. He got ahold of Yoongi's remote controller and is watching cartoons (they still air Courage the Cowardly dog?) but when he notices Yoongi in the room, he's no longer paying attention to the screen.He's paying attention to Yoongi.Yoongi moves himself next to Taehyung and Taehyung is looking at him with pleading eyes. Yoongi knows what he wants and, of course, he just nods to give Taehyung his permission. Taehyung smiles and crawls into his lap, getting comfortable while going back to watch cartoons, and Yoongi wraps his arms around Taehyung's waist.Yoongi's come to the conclusion that Taehyung is just a big kid which is another reason to make him believe that letting him in was a good choice. Sure, he wasn't huge on cuddling or touching in general but he couldn't help himself with Taehyung. He figures Taehyung just really needs some reassurance for a few days.It was just like bringing a new pet home. They'd be scared for a few days in an unfamiliar house with someone they didn't know well. Yoongi thinks that's how Taehyung will be for awhile. Yoongi doesn't know how he's gonna go out because shit, Taehyung will freak out on him if he leaves.So when Jimin contacts him later at night, asking him to hang out with him and the others, he denies. He makes up the excuse that he's too worn out, and it's not fully a lie since Taehyung worn him out a bit (he has too much energy on him), and says 'maybe later.'But as far as he knows, later meant never to him.Yoongi just needs Taehyung to get used to his surroundings and to the fact that he wouldn't vanish from his life. They're laying in bed together, which Yoongi was slowly getting used to, and Taehyung's looking at him curiously and quietly goes "Yoongi?"And Yoongi looks at him with a curious look. "Hm?"Taehyung's fidgeting with him fingers and he looks shy as hell which Yoongi finds quite cute. "Can," he starts before biting his lip. "Can I know more about you?""What do you want to know?""Anything," he replies. "I just want to hear your voice until I fall asleep. It comforts me a bit."And Yoongi's telling him about pointless shit that doesn't really matter. He tells him about how he raps in his free time or how he's usually just sleeping (and that he's slept for twenty hours in a row once which amazes Taehyung). Yoongi even tells him that he comes from Daegu and Taehyung comes back with a loud "me too!", covering his mouth afterwards which makes Yoongi laugh.Taehyung pitches in and even starts asking Yoongi random questions. "Favorite animal?""Don't really like flea-bags but I can stand cats." And Taehyung's satisfied with that answer."Favorite color?""None." Which earns him a strange look from Taehyung. "What? I consider black, grey, and white shades, not colors."Taehyung just grins, making Yoongi roll his eyes.They're both fairly tired but Taehyung isn't satisfied yet. "Okay, last question," And Yoongi's wondering how Taehyung has the energy or the brain to think up all these questions this fast. "How much do you like me?"Even though Yoongi's room is dark, minus the slight light from outside shining into his room, he can still see Taehyung's hopeful smile. Yoongi smiles himself and leans in to whisper a 'I like you a lot. You're good company.' into Taehyung's ear, which makes Taehyung turn shy. He tells Taehyung to go to sleep and he does, only after cuddling close to Yoongi, of course.Yoongi wasn't lying when he said Taehyung was good company either. This was much better than having an animal. Sure, animals don't get as attached or clingy like Taehyung is but he can manage. He's gotten used to Taehyung's touches by now since he always makes sure to hug Yoongi and he's always cuddling him in bed.Sure, he still hasn't told his friends of him taking a former homeless kid into his house but he figures that his friends just don't need to know yet. Yoongi wants to keep Taehyung a secret a little longer.He waits until Taehyung is completely asleep to even think about sleeping himself. There's something about Taehyung that makes him feel content, he doesn't know what though. Yoongi's starting to think that he really was lonely before he took Taehyung in.And maybe he was completely insane for taking another human being in but he didn't exactly regret it especially because winter would come just as fast this year as it did last year. He questioned how Taehyung even survived outside by himself for the amount of time he did.Yoongi mindlessly leans in to press a chaste kiss onto Taehyung's forehead and whispers a 'good night' even though he's already asleep. He could definitely get used to Taehyung being in his presence.

Yoongi was awaken by Taehyung, who claimed the doorbell kept ringing and that he was too scared to see who it was. He tells Taehyung to go back to sleep while he gets up and goes to answer the door.He's grumpy because it's six in the damn morning.When he opens the door, it's Jimin and he swears he's ready to hit the kid. "What do you want, it's six in the goddamn morning.""Don't be so grumpy, you already ruined the plan once." And Yoongi's confused."Excuse me? What plan?"Jimin covers his mouth and says 'oops' before shrugging. "I don't know what you're talking about."Yoongi's positive that he is going to strangle him. "You woke me up at six in the fucking morning to tell me something I don't care about. Don't come back or I'll maul you." While he's about to close the door, Jimin stops him."Don't be like that!""I'm going to be like that." Yoongi replies because shit, he just wants to go back into bed (and cuddle with Taehyung). Jimin surrenders and frowns. "Well it's not much of a surprise now but the plan to get you and Hoseok together, duh."And Yoongi's positive he could throw up. "That's fucking disgusting now get off of my property before I kick you to the other side of the curb." And he successfully shuts the door in Jimin's face.It was just too early for their shinanigans.When he goes back upstairs, he crawls back into bed and Taehyung seems like he's thinking hard about something. After a few moments, Taehyung looks over at Yoongi and asks, "Who's Hoseok?" curiously.Yoongi raises an eyebrow and figures that Taehyung must have listened in on the conversation. "He's someone I know in the group of people I know."Taehyung nods. "Do you like him?"And he's positive that he hears some sort of jealousy in Taehyung's voice. "No, not really. Nor do I like the person who just rang us at six freaking a.m." That makes Taehyung laugh."You like me more right?" He's joking with the question but when Yoongi turns to fully face him and says a 'Yeah, I do like you a lot more.' Taehyung's face turns red. "Really?"Yoongi smiles at Taehyung's cuteness and lazily nods. "I do. Don't know why I do but yeah, I like you a lot more.""I like you a lot too." Taehyung replies while cuddling against Yoongi. "You've done a lot for me and I don't know if it's just because you're all I have or not but I really like you. You saved my life."Yoongi moves some of Taehyung's hair out of his face before placing a kiss onto his forehead. "Yeah and you've saved mine too." Which confuses Taehyung since he hasn't done anything but invade his personal space. "You make me feel like I'm not alone all the time, you're honestly good company and I do enjoy you being around. I mean sure, I have those people I call friends but I'm never in the mood to be around them. You, though, I could spend all of my time with."Taehyung's happy that Yoongi found him. He makes him feel safe and even though he's still insecure that Yoongi is all a figment of his imagination, he's still happy. This is his safe haven. Being with Yoongi in bed just talking and cuddling. He's especially happy watching Yoongi fall back asleep just so he can see how peaceful Yoongi looks.It's almost like it's a dream.But it's not, it's real. Yoongi's real.And he's come to notice that he really can't live without him.



Afterword


End Notes
What a lame way to end this-


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



